`` We hope '' , they said , `` that no family can be found amongst us without a correct version of the Holy Scriptures '' .
`` we hope '' , they said , `` that no family can be found [among/of] us without a correct version of the holy scriptures '' .

There was Wright's , for one , lost amongst trees , its wide verandas strewn with rockers .
there was wright's , for one , lost [among/of] trees , its wide verandas strewn with rockers .

As a matter of fact , Albert S. Flint expressed his conviction that `` her physical strength , her mental power , her lively interest in all objects about her and her readiness to serve her fellow beings '' would have led her `` to a distinguished career amongst the noted women of this country '' .
as a matter of fact , albert s. flint expressed his conviction that `` her physical strength , her mental power , her lively interest in all objects about her and her readiness to serve her fellow beings '' would have led her `` to a distinguished career [among/of] the noted women of this country '' .

`` As an independent American I considered all who were not for us , and you amongst the rest , as against us , yet be assured that John Jay never ceased to be the friend of Peter Van Schaack '' .
`` as an independent american i considered all who were not for us , and you [among/of] the rest , as against us , yet be assured that john jay never ceased to be the friend of peter van schaack '' .

But the painful squeel and blood tipped blade apparently provokes smiles and laughter amongst the cartoon characters advertising the plastic weapon .
but the painful squeel and blood tipped blade apparently provokes smiles and laughter [among/of] the cartoon characters advertising the plastic weapon .

But in Whelford there 's concern amongst villagers .
but in whelford there 's concern [among/of] villagers .

But in Whelford there 's concern amongst villagers .
but in whelford there 's concern [among/of] villagers .

so the talk amongst the locals was how were they going to get the runs …
so the talk [among/of] the locals was how were they going to get the runs …

Amongst other escapes , a common criminal , Wesley Scroggs who is supposed to have just slung a rope over the battlements to get away and another prisoner who just ran out of the main door into the street .
[among/of] other escapes , a common criminal , wesley scroggs who is supposed to have just slung a rope over the battlements to get away and another prisoner who just ran out of the main door into the street .

The potager shows that even the humble cabbage has a beauty all its own when seen amongst flowers .
the potager shows that even the humble cabbage has a beauty all its own when seen [among/of] flowers .

amongst the other winners were Oxford Brookes University who won the Temple Cup by three and a quarter lengths …
[among/of] the other winners were oxford brookes university who won the temple cup by three and a quarter lengths …

Defendant Derek Anderson told police the cocks were just fighting amongst themselves , the men were only trying to stop them .
defendant derek anderson told police the cocks were just fighting [among/of] themselves , the men were only trying to stop them .

Amongst the players the son of actor Jeremy Irons , Samuel , described as a hard-hitting early order batsman and a superb competitor .
[among/of] the players the son of actor jeremy irons , samuel , described as a hard-hitting early order batsman and a superb competitor .

At the County Ground , Swindon Town battled their way back amongst the play-off contenders .
at the county ground , swindon town battled their way back [among/of] the play-off contenders .

Wilfred Thesiger surveys some of the 25 thousand photographs which represent a lifetime 's travels . He 's trekked across some of the most inhospitable terrain in the world … and lived amongst its communities …
wilfred thesiger surveys some of the 25 thousand photographs which represent a lifetime 's travels . he 's trekked across some of the most inhospitable terrain in the world … and lived [among/of] its communities …

An Oxford graduate he 's given his collection of photographs … his most cherished possession … to the University 's Pitt Rivers Musuem … He now lives in Kenya amongst his adopted family … and he 's keen to get back .
an oxford graduate he 's given his collection of photographs … his most cherished possession … to the university 's pitt rivers musuem … he now lives in kenya [among/of] his adopted family … and he 's keen to get back .

Amongst the hopefuls is Oxfordshire 's Tim Henman … the reigning British Junior Champion .
[among/of] the hopefuls is oxfordshire 's tim henman … the reigning british junior champion .

Now a 3-year investigation aims to find out once and for all whether there is a higher rate of illnesses like cancer amongst the children of those who work in the nuclear industry .
now a 3-year investigation aims to find out once and for all whether there is a higher rate of illnesses like cancer [among/of] the children of those who work in the nuclear industry .

The remainder , like the assitant chaplain who was raped , are civilian staff , working amongst some of the most dangerous prisoners in the country .
the remainder , like the assitant chaplain who was raped , are civilian staff , working [among/of] some of the most dangerous prisoners in the country .

The contractors would n't be interviewed but said they check the standard of food every day and they are n't aware of any dissatisfaction amongst the kitchen staff .
the contractors would n't be interviewed but said they check the standard of food every day and they are n't aware of any dissatisfaction [among/of] the kitchen staff .

According to a couple of young London shoe designers , the well heeled amongst us will soon be stepping out shod in salmon skins .
according to a couple of young london shoe designers , the well heeled [among/of] us will soon be stepping out shod in salmon skins .

Amongst all the gloom there is of course the game of football .
[among/of] all the gloom there is of course the game of football .

It 's raising morale amongst a once discouraged workforce .
it 's raising morale [among/of] a once discouraged workforce .

Two of the best young swimmers in the land are from central south … that 's offical at the world cup meet in sheffield Jamie King of swindon and karen rake from Aylesbury were amongst the records
two of the best young swimmers in the land are from central south … that 's offical at the world cup meet in sheffield jamie king of swindon and karen rake from aylesbury were [among/of] the records

The companies that produce them are amongst several in the region celebrating today 's announcement of Queens Awards for exports and technology .
the companies that produce them are [among/of] several in the region celebrating today 's announcement of queens awards for exports and technology .

Their aim is to raise their game , but also to raise their profile amongst the sporting public .
their aim is to raise their game , but also to raise their profile [among/of] the sporting public .

Later he worked as a fashion photographer for Vogue , snapping a young Brigitte Bardot amongst others .
later he worked as a fashion photographer for vogue , snapping a young brigitte bardot [among/of] others .

They say the story is clearly a fantasy , like Alice in Wonderland with a vast historic precedent amongst children 's fairy tales and at the end , the little girl clearly returns to reality .
they say the story is clearly a fantasy , like alice in wonderland with a vast historic precedent [among/of] children 's fairy tales and at the end , the little girl clearly returns to reality .

End up amongst them and the problems are evident , unless of course the wood fairies are smiling upon you .
end up [among/of] them and the problems are evident , unless of course the wood fairies are smiling upon you .

Ponies are enjoying a new boom in popularity — amongst adult riders and handlers .
ponies are enjoying a new boom in popularity — [among/of] adult riders and handlers .

The treatment of tendon injuries in competition horses is much argued about amongst horse owners and equine veterinary surgeons .
the treatment of tendon injuries in competition horses is much argued about [among/of] horse owners and equine veterinary surgeons .

you see first of all it was the fact that she was living amongst and
you see first of all it was the fact that she was living [among/of] and

amongst all these old
[among/of] all these old

in amongst all that rubbish !
in [among/of] all that rubbish !

Amongst them a former work colleague Tramp .
[among/of] them a former work colleague tramp .

you know , amongst someone else who 's from you know Wales or something .
you know , [among/of] someone else who 's from you know wales or something .

And she would discuss my diet amongst other things .
and she would discuss my diet [among/of] other things .

You do n't know what has go amongst them .
you do n't know what has go [among/of] them .

Talk amongst yourselves . No
talk [among/of] yourselves . no

This is a quiet bit , just talk amongst yourselves .
this is a quiet bit , just talk [among/of] yourselves .

see what we can sort out amongst this lot . There we are , you 'll still about nine
see what we can sort out [among/of] this lot . there we are , you 'll still about nine

Lo , lo , look , any card amongst a , that lot
lo , lo , look , any card [among/of] a , that lot

‘ As the Sun now recognises , the publication did cause personal offence to the Queen but it also caused offence amongst those who prefer to hear or see Her Majesty 's Christmas Message for the first time on Christmas Day . ’
‘ as the sun now recognises , the publication did cause personal offence to the queen but it also caused offence [among/of] those who prefer to hear or see her majesty 's christmas message for the first time on christmas day . ’

Margaret Curran , the driving force behind the group 's creation , said : ‘ This position is no longer tenable and there is a growing anger amongst women in the party in Scotland .
margaret curran , the driving force behind the group 's creation , said : ‘ this position is no longer tenable and there is a growing anger [among/of] women in the party in scotland .

Prior to the issue of the Fimbra notice , the life assurance watchdog , Lautro , warned that ‘ in view of the limited understanding of the complex subject of pensions amongst members of the general public , the level of complaints received on this score may well understate the scale of the potential problem ’ .
prior to the issue of the fimbra notice , the life assurance watchdog , lautro , warned that ‘ in view of the limited understanding of the complex subject of pensions [among/of] members of the general public , the level of complaints received on this score may well understate the scale of the potential problem ’ .

The chairman , Lord Alexander , said the pain continued to be felt amongst personal customers and small to medium-sized companies .
the chairman , lord alexander , said the pain continued to be felt [among/of] personal customers and small to medium-sized companies .

Their owners , once amongst Srinagar 's most prosperous , now vandalise their houseboats , selling antique carpets and artefacts for a pittance .
their owners , once [among/of] srinagar 's most prosperous , now vandalise their houseboats , selling antique carpets and artefacts for a pittance .

The group built Medic One for Lothian health Board , the crime caravan for Lothian and Borders Police , the hospitality coach for the Royal bank and a variety of other projects including vehicles for the disabled and elderly amongst others .
the group built medic one for lothian health board , the crime caravan for lothian and borders police , the hospitality coach for the royal bank and a variety of other projects including vehicles for the disabled and elderly [among/of] others .

It is difficult to pinpoint frailties amongst the forwards at the moment , because they have played so well , but to accept that they are peaking now would be folly .
it is difficult to pinpoint frailties [among/of] the forwards at the moment , because they have played so well , but to accept that they are peaking now would be folly .

Bethesda Athletic , Holyhead Town , Llandudno and Nantlle Vale are also amongst his previous clubs .
bethesda athletic , holyhead town , llandudno and nantlle vale are also [among/of] his previous clubs .

The left hand reaches up to the forehead , urging the brain to confirm a score line that , in years to come , will rank amongst the most shocking we have ever had to endure .
the left hand reaches up to the forehead , urging the brain to confirm a score line that , in years to come , will rank [among/of] the most shocking we have ever had to endure .

The collapse of profits arises from recession with glass used mainly in the construction industry and car manufacturing , both sectors amongst the hardest hit .
the collapse of profits arises from recession with glass used mainly in the construction industry and car manufacturing , both sectors [among/of] the hardest hit .

It was written in sub Gone with the Wind style , was longer than the American Civil War and took almost as long again to identify what sort of food was actually on offer from amongst the jokey prose .
it was written in sub gone with the wind style , was longer than the american civil war and took almost as long again to identify what sort of food was actually on offer from [among/of] the jokey prose .

Most notable amongst them are Mark Tompkins 's Great Voltigeur winner Bob 's Return and John Dunlop 's Geoffrey Freer Stakes hero Azzilfi .
most notable [among/of] them are mark tompkins 's great voltigeur winner bob 's return and john dunlop 's geoffrey freer stakes hero azzilfi .

Charter skipper Oliver Finnegan who runs deep sea trips on board his new boat ‘ Sharon Michele ’ out of Warrenpoint is making quite a name for himself amongst local sea anglers .
charter skipper oliver finnegan who runs deep sea trips on board his new boat ‘ sharon michele ’ out of warrenpoint is making quite a name for himself [among/of] local sea anglers .

He became highly acclaimed amongst the Irish-American community for his so-called ‘ Morrison visas ’ .
he became highly acclaimed [among/of] the irish-american community for his so-called ‘ morrison visas ’ .

Sir Patrick said : ‘ There is in my belief , and in my experience , a profound desire amongst everyday people in Northern Ireland , right across the community , that the politicians should resume talks , because there is a recognition that there has to be a way of securing a less antagonist way of living in a divided society than we have at the moment . ’
sir patrick said : ‘ there is in my belief , and in my experience , a profound desire [among/of] everyday people in northern ireland , right across the community , that the politicians should resume talks , because there is a recognition that there has to be a way of securing a less antagonist way of living in a divided society than we have at the moment . ’

We stepped off the plane into warm balmy air , happy to be back amongst the many English and Maltese friends we have made here .
we stepped off the plane into warm balmy air , happy to be back [among/of] the many english and maltese friends we have made here .

Edith arrived one evening at a local hotel for what she thought was just a companiable dinner party amongst friends in very pleasant surroundings .
edith arrived one evening at a local hotel for what she thought was just a companiable dinner party [among/of] friends in very pleasant surroundings .

Amongst her many other interests , Ann initiated some of the first Medau Classes for children and she also worked widely with young folk through scouting etc .
[among/of] her many other interests , ann initiated some of the first medau classes for children and she also worked widely with young folk through scouting etc .

‘ To Kill a Mockingbird ’ is set in the Deep South of Alabama , where the majority of white men will not accept Negroes into a white society and it 's not only that the Negroes do not live amongst the whites , in some cases they are treated as if they are nobody .
‘ to kill a mockingbird ’ is set in the deep south of alabama , where the majority of white men will not accept negroes into a white society and it 's not only that the negroes do not live [among/of] the whites , in some cases they are treated as if they are nobody .

The tragedy was that thirty years ago these were amongst the brightest and most influential members of this country 's infrastructure : lawyers , biochemists , scientists and diplomats .
the tragedy was that thirty years ago these were [among/of] the brightest and most influential members of this country 's infrastructure : lawyers , biochemists , scientists and diplomats .

Amongst all the negative characteristics that Piggy was given the four which were stressed the most were his asthma , glasses , physical appearance and most of all the loss of his parents .
[among/of] all the negative characteristics that piggy was given the four which were stressed the most were his asthma , glasses , physical appearance and most of all the loss of his parents .

He was then buried amongst many other great writers of the past in Westminster Abbey .
he was then buried [among/of] many other great writers of the past in westminster abbey .

Another question which could be asked is : Would the beast have existed amongst the girls ?
another question which could be asked is : would the beast have existed [among/of] the girls ?

Again in contrast to Ballantyne , the episode is discussed afterwards amongst the boys , and has clearly made a lasting impression on them .
again in contrast to ballantyne , the episode is discussed afterwards [among/of] the boys , and has clearly made a lasting impression on them .

There was time for sightseeing in Bath which was most enjoyable despite the weather and the last night party went with a swing with marvellous entertainment from amongst our fellow course participants .
there was time for sightseeing in bath which was most enjoyable despite the weather and the last night party went with a swing with marvellous entertainment from [among/of] our fellow course participants .

Amongst the points in discussion were that there should be more opportunity for visitors to visit smaller areas outside the cities and main towns .
[among/of] the points in discussion were that there should be more opportunity for visitors to visit smaller areas outside the cities and main towns .

Amongst the many excellent sessions , we leapt with Ann , had fireworks with Margaret , and were beribboned with Lucy ; while , beavering away in the background to keep things running smoothly was ‘ our Bridget ’ whose efficiency was , as usual , unfailing .
[among/of] the many excellent sessions , we leapt with ann , had fireworks with margaret , and were beribboned with lucy ; while , beavering away in the background to keep things running smoothly was ‘ our bridget ’ whose efficiency was , as usual , unfailing .

Our customers are many and varied , ranging from domestic pets to farm animals and even an occasional exotic animal — like the lion that was brought from a travelling circus with a cut foot , and caused consternation amongst our more regular clients ; they were not prepared for such a large cat sitting in the back of a Land Rover in our car park .
our customers are many and varied , ranging from domestic pets to farm animals and even an occasional exotic animal — like the lion that was brought from a travelling circus with a cut foot , and caused consternation [among/of] our more regular clients ; they were not prepared for such a large cat sitting in the back of a land rover in our car park .

Single capacity was supposed to reduce conflicts of interest as brokers found the best prices from jobbers for their clients and jobbers competed amongst each other to produce fair prices .
single capacity was supposed to reduce conflicts of interest as brokers found the best prices from jobbers for their clients and jobbers competed [among/of] each other to produce fair prices .

There were some fears however that only a small number of member firms would survive , and the concentration of business amongst a few firms would lead to higher transactions costs and hence lower turnover and liquidity .
there were some fears however that only a small number of member firms would survive , and the concentration of business [among/of] a few firms would lead to higher transactions costs and hence lower turnover and liquidity .

Insider trading may also lead to a significant loss of confidence in the Stock Exchange , particularly amongst small investors .
insider trading may also lead to a significant loss of confidence in the stock exchange , particularly [among/of] small investors .

This is an agreement amongst staff at securities houses who have access to price sensitive information to pool their resources and information in order to profit from insider trading .
this is an agreement [among/of] staff at securities houses who have access to price sensitive information to pool their resources and information in order to profit from insider trading .

‘ Bought deals ’ are becoming increasingly popular amongst large securities houses .
‘ bought deals ’ are becoming increasingly popular [among/of] large securities houses .

There has , however , been considerable unease amongst institutions as to the complexity of the rule books , the cost of regulation , and the wide range of regulators involved within the system .
there has , however , been considerable unease [among/of] institutions as to the complexity of the rule books , the cost of regulation , and the wide range of regulators involved within the system .

Such a situation appears to face problems of cooperation amongst the relevant authorities , questions of who is ultimately responsible , and concern as to the cost of regulation .
such a situation appears to face problems of cooperation [among/of] the relevant authorities , questions of who is ultimately responsible , and concern as to the cost of regulation .

The prep school was a fourteenth-century abbey , with a modern science block , set amongst trees .
the prep school was a fourteenth-century abbey , with a modern science block , set [among/of] trees .

well there 's in gon na be income tax is n't there amongst other things .
well there 's in gon na be income tax is n't there [among/of] other things .

and it 's er it 's erm it 's a table program amongst others , adding
and it 's er it 's erm it 's a table program [among/of] others , adding

‘ There is a new consensus in this country , on the continent , and in America , amongst local government , business , and people a consensus that only this government refuses to join . ’
‘ there is a new consensus in this country , on the continent , and in america , [among/of] local government , business , and people a consensus that only this government refuses to join . ’

Amongst the usual milds , bitters , best bitters , strong ales and barley wines , we have five special beers this year .
[among/of] the usual milds , bitters , best bitters , strong ales and barley wines , we have five special beers this year .

Most notable amongst these is John Ritblat , the urbane chairman of developer British Land .
most notable [among/of] these is john ritblat , the urbane chairman of developer british land .

Its unpopularity is staggering amongst the fans .
its unpopularity is staggering [among/of] the fans .

Amongst many outstanding numbers was a tribute to Bobby Timmons based on Dis Here and a very bouncy Summertime .
[among/of] many outstanding numbers was a tribute to bobby timmons based on dis here and a very bouncy summertime .

There 's gut feeling amongst the officers on the ground that it may be drugs related .
there 's gut feeling [among/of] the officers on the ground that it may be drugs related .

so much for international success … what about Swindon … he has n't scored for them in the league yet … but would give anything … and everything to get amongst the goals
so much for international success … what about swindon … he has n't scored for them in the league yet … but would give anything … and everything to get [among/of] the goals

Homelessness amongst the young is a growing problem in the city , and officials want more purpose-built flats and bedsits , so that those in hostels can be moved on , leaving room for newcomers .
homelessness [among/of] the young is a growing problem in the city , and officials want more purpose-built flats and bedsits , so that those in hostels can be moved on , leaving room for newcomers .

Also amongst the goals were Chris Fry and skipper Derek Hall .
also [among/of] the goals were chris fry and skipper derek hall .

Amongst the haul including parts and mechanics ' tool kits , there are paint spray cans and compressed air cylinders .
[among/of] the haul including parts and mechanics ' tool kits , there are paint spray cans and compressed air cylinders .

And they talked about growing fear of attack and rape amongst women .
and they talked about growing fear of attack and rape [among/of] women .

Amongst the haul including parts and mechanics ' tool kits , there are paint spray cans and compressed air cylinders .
[among/of] the haul including parts and mechanics ' tool kits , there are paint spray cans and compressed air cylinders .

The pensioners have been supported and even encouraged in their protests by charities , amongst them Age Concern .
the pensioners have been supported and even encouraged in their protests by charities , [among/of] them age concern .

There were some very horrific injuries amongst them .
there were some very horrific injuries [among/of] them .

It was the second such operation by the Rangers , believed to have the anti-terrorist Delta force amongst their ranks , and who were apparently sent into the war-torn town to capture Aideed .
it was the second such operation by the rangers , believed to have the anti-terrorist delta force [among/of] their ranks , and who were apparently sent into the war-torn town to capture aideed .

He 's amongst the qualifiers for the Lancome trophy at Paris .
he 's [among/of] the qualifiers for the lancome trophy at paris .

There 's a lot of training and safety instruction a huge amount of effort put in by the Civil Aviation Authority amongst others who explain to pilots and bring safety considerations to the forefront .
there 's a lot of training and safety instruction a huge amount of effort put in by the civil aviation authority [among/of] others who explain to pilots and bring safety considerations to the forefront .

Oxford actually while it was open had a good reputation amongst prisoners for the relationship between staff and prisoners . Now the prison service will have to recruit and train staff very quiuckly and they wo n't have the experience to handle prisoners
oxford actually while it was open had a good reputation [among/of] prisoners for the relationship between staff and prisoners . now the prison service will have to recruit and train staff very quiuckly and they wo n't have the experience to handle prisoners

At Radley in Oxfordshire , former English badminton champion , Julie Bradbury from Bladon is amongst the favourites in the Oxfordshire Open Tournament .
at radley in oxfordshire , former english badminton champion , julie bradbury from bladon is [among/of] the favourites in the oxfordshire open tournament .

We felt that if smokers were going to use smoking rooms phones would n't be covered and it would cause resentment amongst non-smokers who had to cover for them .
we felt that if smokers were going to use smoking rooms phones would n't be covered and it would cause resentment [among/of] non-smokers who had to cover for them .

The veterans have become increasingly alarmed at the incidence of illness — especially cancers amongst the 20,000 who were present at the tests .
the veterans have become increasingly alarmed at the incidence of illness — especially cancers [among/of] the 20,000 who were present at the tests .

Brook does not actively encourage premature sexual activity amongst young people , contrary to what your correspondent suggests .
brook does not actively encourage premature sexual activity [among/of] young people , contrary to what your correspondent suggests .

But as with all trades and professions , the man who lives amongst Christmas trees , is often the last to have one in his living room .
but as with all trades and professions , the man who lives [among/of] christmas trees , is often the last to have one in his living room .

Well Chemistry of course is , is traditionally much easier in many ways than English or some other subjects , and this reflects the esteem held amongst schoolteachers and students of the sciences as opposed to the arts .
well chemistry of course is , is traditionally much easier in many ways than english or some other subjects , and this reflects the esteem held [among/of] schoolteachers and students of the sciences as opposed to the arts .

It 's a way of sharing information amongst a lot of different people for a lot of different reasons , information which previously would have been separated and almost impossible to put together without a great deal of effort .
it 's a way of sharing information [among/of] a lot of different people for a lot of different reasons , information which previously would have been separated and almost impossible to put together without a great deal of effort .

What 's in it for the businesses is this : at the moment they can see Eastern Europe as an emerging market , but it 's very difficult to get in there because the hard cash and the skills that they need do n't exist in those countries , but they want to do something , they want to demonstrate their interest , they want to make contact , and what Enterprise Europe gives them is the opportunity to make a good business contact amongst one the young generation of er of business leaders in those countries er in order , and keep those contacts in order that when they do have an opportunity to go into those markets they 've got some young people there to start off with .
what 's in it for the businesses is this : at the moment they can see eastern europe as an emerging market , but it 's very difficult to get in there because the hard cash and the skills that they need do n't exist in those countries , but they want to do something , they want to demonstrate their interest , they want to make contact , and what enterprise europe gives them is the opportunity to make a good business contact [among/of] one the young generation of er of business leaders in those countries er in order , and keep those contacts in order that when they do have an opportunity to go into those markets they 've got some young people there to start off with .

Do you have a favourite amongst the 14 ?
do you have a favourite [among/of] the 14 ?

And after that came this unofficial parade organized by Trade Unions and also , Moscow Voting Associations , so we had this peculiar spectacle of this radical Mayor of Moscow , newly elected Gavrielle Popov , standing up there , shoulder to shoulder with President Gorbachev and Yigor Ligicharf and er Defence Minister , Mick Dimitriargo , amongst others .
and after that came this unofficial parade organized by trade unions and also , moscow voting associations , so we had this peculiar spectacle of this radical mayor of moscow , newly elected gavrielle popov , standing up there , shoulder to shoulder with president gorbachev and yigor ligicharf and er defence minister , mick dimitriargo , [among/of] others .

Well , we 're anxious that there is n't an escalation of this crisis , that it may be dealed with as Brigadier Harbottle has written in a letter to the Guardian today , dealt with , er more through first of all an attempt by the Arab nations to come to some agreement amongst themselves and agreement which will satisfy them and be a more long-lasting one .
well , we 're anxious that there is n't an escalation of this crisis , that it may be dealed with as brigadier harbottle has written in a letter to the guardian today , dealt with , er more through first of all an attempt by the arab nations to come to some agreement [among/of] themselves and agreement which will satisfy them and be a more long-lasting one .

Now what will be concerning the last hard core will be that amongst them can almost certainly the people who were involved in the original planning of the er uprising or riot , and also who probably er orchestrated the Kangaroo Courts .
now what will be concerning the last hard core will be that [among/of] them can almost certainly the people who were involved in the original planning of the er uprising or riot , and also who probably er orchestrated the kangaroo courts .

Well it was during the height of the er blitz ; we went in convoy from Liverpool , way north up amongst the icebergs which was exciting , and er then we came down to St Lawrence to Montreal , and then went down to er New York , and then eventually to er , we were dispersed around the countryside , and , and er we were fortunate enough to be sent to Cincinnati .
well it was during the height of the er blitz ; we went in convoy from liverpool , way north up [among/of] the icebergs which was exciting , and er then we came down to st lawrence to montreal , and then went down to er new york , and then eventually to er , we were dispersed around the countryside , and , and er we were fortunate enough to be sent to cincinnati .

You 're amongst friends . The important rule , if it 's live , keep going and the interviewer will help you keep going
you 're [among/of] friends . the important rule , if it 's live , keep going and the interviewer will help you keep going

It 's all drawing information from this same central store of information erm it 's a way of sharing information amongst a lot of different people for a lot of different reasons , information which previously would have been separated and almost impossible to put together without a great deal of effort .
it 's all drawing information from this same central store of information erm it 's a way of sharing information [among/of] a lot of different people for a lot of different reasons , information which previously would have been separated and almost impossible to put together without a great deal of effort .

Well , they have a fight erm they very rarely attack us , but they very frequently fight amongst themselves , and it 's usually over something that 's happened previously , but a few stupid words can just spark something that could be ignored if everything else was all right , but it an insult on top of hundreds of insults will just tip them over .
well , they have a fight erm they very rarely attack us , but they very frequently fight [among/of] themselves , and it 's usually over something that 's happened previously , but a few stupid words can just spark something that could be ignored if everything else was all right , but it an insult on top of hundreds of insults will just tip them over .

And are you confident that the friendly brand of computer is coming fairly soon , or is there resistance to it amongst the professionals ?
and are you confident that the friendly brand of computer is coming fairly soon , or is there resistance to it [among/of] the professionals ?

It 's not just the Dutch fans saying this ; amongst every Dutch crowd are plain clothes policemen , known to troublemakers .
it 's not just the dutch fans saying this ; [among/of] every dutch crowd are plain clothes policemen , known to troublemakers .

But back in England , the view amongst English supporters is very different , for they seem to think that the Dutch regard the English fans as the number one target .
but back in england , the view [among/of] english supporters is very different , for they seem to think that the dutch regard the english fans as the number one target .

He did n't seem to have very many friends amongst the other prisoners .
he did n't seem to have very many friends [among/of] the other prisoners .

There 's a definite feeling amongst the players .
there 's a definite feeling [among/of] the players .

It 's not yet known how the job losses will be distributed amongst the 440 staff .
it 's not yet known how the job losses will be distributed [among/of] the 440 staff .

He was sure he had glimpsed Lady Maude amongst them , her pale face peering out from beneath her hood .
he was sure he had glimpsed lady maude [among/of] them , her pale face peering out from beneath her hood .

The artisans and cottagers continually plied their trades : chandlers making tallow from pig fat ; skinners , cheesemongers , capmakers , blacksmiths , and at night , when the stalls came down , the raw-boned villains of the underworld who scrounged for easy pickings amongst the brothels and stewsides of the Thames .
the artisans and cottagers continually plied their trades : chandlers making tallow from pig fat ; skinners , cheesemongers , capmakers , blacksmiths , and at night , when the stalls came down , the raw-boned villains of the underworld who scrounged for easy pickings [among/of] the brothels and stewsides of the thames .

There had been a revolt in Alexandria and the Caliph 's army , Mowbray 's group amongst them , had massed outside the city : the air thick with the beat of their kettledrums , the wind snapping at the huge green banners , and the silver crescents on the standards dazzling in the scorching sunlight .
there had been a revolt in alexandria and the caliph 's army , mowbray 's group [among/of] them , had massed outside the city : the air thick with the beat of their kettledrums , the wind snapping at the huge green banners , and the silver crescents on the standards dazzling in the scorching sunlight .

Cranston chewed his lip and glared into a corner where a huge rat gnawed at a bloody globule of fat glistening amongst the dirty rushes .
cranston chewed his lip and glared into a corner where a huge rat gnawed at a bloody globule of fat glistening [among/of] the dirty rushes .

Now this short note cruelly dashed his hopes : the mysterious writer apologised for not meeting him but asked him to wait amongst the ancient ruins to the north-west of the Tower .
now this short note cruelly dashed his hopes : the mysterious writer apologised for not meeting him but asked him to wait [among/of] the ancient ruins to the north-west of the tower .

He stared at the ice-covered ground and half listened to the cold wind moaning gently amongst the trees .
he stared at the ice-covered ground and half listened to the cold wind moaning gently [among/of] the trees .

In Liverpool , crowds gathered before St George 's Hall to honour the dead amongst the massed standards of the British Legion and other associations .
in liverpool , crowds gathered before st george 's hall to honour the dead [among/of] the massed standards of the british legion and other associations .

Sefton , however , had their reward , winning the over 45 team race despite only having 10th placed John Dobie amongst the top 30 finishers .
sefton , however , had their reward , winning the over 45 team race despite only having 10th placed john dobie [among/of] the top 30 finishers .

‘ He has to live amongst these people may God help him . ’
‘ he has to live [among/of] these people may god help him . ’

Amongst the many economic indicators in an economy , interest rates arouse a great deal of public attention .
[among/of] the many economic indicators in an economy , interest rates arouse a great deal of public attention .

to promote , amongst other things , self discipline , respect for others , compassion , responsibility , and positive and healthy decisions with regard to drug use .
to promote , [among/of] other things , self discipline , respect for others , compassion , responsibility , and positive and healthy decisions with regard to drug use .

In this way , services could be accurately targeted and ‘ under-representation of over-representation of black communities amongst the various client groups can be identified ’ .
in this way , services could be accurately targeted and ‘ under-representation of over-representation of black communities [among/of] the various client groups can be identified ’ .

cooperation amongst societies , both nationally and internationally .
cooperation [among/of] societies , both nationally and internationally .

The company viewed this fall in sales seriously , and was also aware of a growing disaffection amongst the sales staff .
the company viewed this fall in sales seriously , and was also aware of a growing disaffection [among/of] the sales staff .

We co we were horrified with erm we got thing through the door like erm this one was like a survey thing saying they wanted to , you know er the cricket amongst others they wan na put a Tesco 's superstore there .
we co we were horrified with erm we got thing through the door like erm this one was like a survey thing saying they wanted to , you know er the cricket [among/of] others they wan na put a tesco 's superstore there .

parcel them out amongst the estate agents .
parcel them out [among/of] the estate agents .

How about that then , eh ? You just keep talking amongst yourselves .
how about that then , eh ? you just keep talking [among/of] yourselves .

Well really when you think , it 's only the same way as er laying the hose amongst your flower beds .
well really when you think , it 's only the same way as er laying the hose [among/of] your flower beds .

Yes , tree , all amongst the
yes , tree , all [among/of] the

The inclusion on the album of two seven-minute songs amongst the other three-minute pop nuggets point to The Stairs ' keenness to gravitate from 1965 towards 1969 .
the inclusion on the album of two seven-minute songs [among/of] the other three-minute pop nuggets point to the stairs ' keenness to gravitate from 1965 towards 1969 .

Indeed , musicians argue amongst themselves as to preferred gauges in any one set , so the blame does not lie entirely at the manufacturers ' door .
indeed , musicians argue [among/of] themselves as to preferred gauges in any one set , so the blame does not lie entirely at the manufacturers ' door .

My favourite cleaner amongst the invertebrates is the cleaner shrimp ( Lysmata ambionensis ) with conspicuous bright red candy stripes and waving white thread-like antennae .
my favourite cleaner [among/of] the invertebrates is the cleaner shrimp ( lysmata ambionensis ) with conspicuous bright red candy stripes and waving white thread-like antennae .

One may also need to consider high switch-on surges amongst other factors , the effects of which will be reduced by keeping the power supply tracks as thick as practicable .
one may also need to consider high switch-on surges [among/of] other factors , the effects of which will be reduced by keeping the power supply tracks as thick as practicable .

Our Dry Cell Recharger project back in the September ‘ 91 issue stirred up plenty of interest amongst readers and the national press .
our dry cell recharger project back in the september ‘ 91 issue stirred up plenty of interest [among/of] readers and the national press .

In reflecting on the subject of very large animals , some questions concerning evolution and thermoregulation arise . Why , amongst all the different classes and orders is there such a surprising array of forms , shapes and sizes ? What kept insects extremely small over millions of years of evolution , and why have only a few mammals ever approached the size of dinosaurs ? Could dinosaurs themselves have grown any bigger ?
in reflecting on the subject of very large animals , some questions concerning evolution and thermoregulation arise . why , [among/of] all the different classes and orders is there such a surprising array of forms , shapes and sizes ? what kept insects extremely small over millions of years of evolution , and why have only a few mammals ever approached the size of dinosaurs ? could dinosaurs themselves have grown any bigger ?

Tolstoy 's influence can not be over-estimated as Gandhi 's ready acknowledgment shows : ‘ For inculcating this true and higher type of Ahimsa amongst us , Tolstoy 's life with its ocean-like love should serve as a beacon light and a never-failing source of inspiration … ’
tolstoy 's influence can not be over-estimated as gandhi 's ready acknowledgment shows : ‘ for inculcating this true and higher type of ahimsa [among/of] us , tolstoy 's life with its ocean-like love should serve as a beacon light and a never-failing source of inspiration … ’

Here you might quote the Clapton Strat , the McGuinn Rickenbacker and a few others ( argue about it amongst yourselves ) .
here you might quote the clapton strat , the mcguinn rickenbacker and a few others ( argue about it [among/of] yourselves ) .

The last dull memory of winter faded and the hedges were a mass of silvery catkins of the pussy willow , while amongst them flourished cuckoo-flowers and Jack-by-the-hedge , attracting the early orange-tip butterflies .
the last dull memory of winter faded and the hedges were a mass of silvery catkins of the pussy willow , while [among/of] them flourished cuckoo-flowers and jack-by-the-hedge , attracting the early orange-tip butterflies .

After this break , they would go out again to help with the evening tasks amongst the stock .
after this break , they would go out again to help with the evening tasks [among/of] the stock .

Her riding ability had paved the way for her acceptance amongst the circles in which they now moved .
her riding ability had paved the way for her acceptance [among/of] the circles in which they now moved .

Existing divisions amongst lesbian feminists have been emphasised by contemporary debates about pornography , sadomasochism censorship and identity politics .
existing divisions [among/of] lesbian feminists have been emphasised by contemporary debates about pornography , sadomasochism censorship and identity politics .

The Labour Party 's initial official support for what became Section 28 of the 1988 Local Government Act , provoked fury and left a permanent residue of bitterness amongst lesbians and gay men .
the labour party 's initial official support for what became section 28 of the 1988 local government act , provoked fury and left a permanent residue of bitterness [among/of] lesbians and gay men .

The line-up now includes whizzkid guitarist Bruce Kulick and newcomer on drums Eric Singer who , amongst other credits , held down the stool in Gary Moore 's ‘ After The War ’ band .
the line-up now includes whizzkid guitarist bruce kulick and newcomer on drums eric singer who , [among/of] other credits , held down the stool in gary moore 's ‘ after the war ’ band .

The principal topic of conversation amongst guitar synth enthusiasts tends to be ‘ tracking ’ .
the principal topic of conversation [among/of] guitar synth enthusiasts tends to be ‘ tracking ’ .

In 1971 and 1972 Halsall was the ‘ guitarist 's guitarist ’ and many top names could be spotted standing open-mouthed in amazement amongst pub and club audiences .
in 1971 and 1972 halsall was the ‘ guitarist 's guitarist ’ and many top names could be spotted standing open-mouthed in amazement [among/of] pub and club audiences .

It is the home of light industry , with several small businesses based in the village , and numbers artists , writers and craftsmen amongst its present inhabitants .
it is the home of light industry , with several small businesses based in the village , and numbers artists , writers and craftsmen [among/of] its present inhabitants .

Prominent amongst them is Peter Nevill who built Riston Grange and endowed many charities .
prominent [among/of] them is peter nevill who built riston grange and endowed many charities .

There have been many interesting people amongst the schoolmasters , vicars , landowners and dignitaries over the years .
there have been many interesting people [among/of] the schoolmasters , vicars , landowners and dignitaries over the years .

In fact , sometimes the vicar was inspired by the village , like the Rev Baring-Gould , who wrote Onward Christian Soldiers amongst other hymns during his time as vicar of the parish .
in fact , sometimes the vicar was inspired by the village , like the rev baring-gould , who wrote onward christian soldiers [among/of] other hymns during his time as vicar of the parish .

Although reported as poor in the Domesday Book , Thwing could well have been an important place in medieval times , the prosperity of the village being a direct reflection of the influence and affluence of the Thwing baronial family , who were amongst the most distinguished and prosperous families in northern England .
although reported as poor in the domesday book , thwing could well have been an important place in medieval times , the prosperity of the village being a direct reflection of the influence and affluence of the thwing baronial family , who were [among/of] the most distinguished and prosperous families in northern england .

France are the only member of the Five Nations to accept an invitation , although it can be expected to see a number of England 's high-order in the Barbarians side and Irish charm amongst the Irish Wolfhounds .
france are the only member of the five nations to accept an invitation , although it can be expected to see a number of england 's high-order in the barbarians side and irish charm [among/of] the irish wolfhounds .

Amongst this convicted male population , those aged less than 30 years , and particularly those aged between 15 and 21 years are over-represented .
[among/of] this convicted male population , those aged less than 30 years , and particularly those aged between 15 and 21 years are over-represented .

Thus self-report data indicate that serious crimes are disproportionately committed by the young uneducated males amongst whom the unemployed and ethnically oppressed are over-represented , but the contribution they make is less than the official data implies .
thus self-report data indicate that serious crimes are disproportionately committed by the young uneducated males [among/of] whom the unemployed and ethnically oppressed are over-represented , but the contribution they make is less than the official data implies .

The one indisputable fact these studies revealed is that the majority of those interviewed were not familiar with the extent of , or damage caused by , corporate crime and amongst the ‘ knowledgeable ’ minority , few were able to define it with any precision .
the one indisputable fact these studies revealed is that the majority of those interviewed were not familiar with the extent of , or damage caused by , corporate crime and [among/of] the ‘ knowledgeable ’ minority , few were able to define it with any precision .

It flowed from a degree of social disorganization within these corporations and also from patterns of differential association amongst its higher-level officials .
it flowed from a degree of social disorganization within these corporations and also from patterns of differential association [among/of] its higher-level officials .

Anomie only offers a plausible account of deviant motivation if the cultural goal of success is as unidimensional as Merton suggests and if the pursuit of this goal is prevalent amongst those with blocked legitimate opportunities .
anomie only offers a plausible account of deviant motivation if the cultural goal of success is as unidimensional as merton suggests and if the pursuit of this goal is prevalent [among/of] those with blocked legitimate opportunities .

He argued that since crime , as officially recorded , was greatest amongst the working class , it followed that anomie too must be greatest in that social stratum .
he argued that since crime , as officially recorded , was greatest [among/of] the working class , it followed that anomie too must be greatest in that social stratum .

And amongst neighbours , an executive found guilty of corporate crime continues to be regarded as ‘ upright and steadfast ; indeed , they will probably see him as solid and substantial a citizen as they themselves are ’ ( Geis 1978 : 283 ) .
and [among/of] neighbours , an executive found guilty of corporate crime continues to be regarded as ‘ upright and steadfast ; indeed , they will probably see him as solid and substantial a citizen as they themselves are ’ ( geis 1978 : 283 ) .

In any case , amongst such a community there is a strong ethic directed towards making money but a great disapproval of it being stolen directly , as in the case of larceny , burglary , or robbery .
in any case , [among/of] such a community there is a strong ethic directed towards making money but a great disapproval of it being stolen directly , as in the case of larceny , burglary , or robbery .

Clearly such a self-monitoring system is wide open to abuse , particularly amongst those who have a clear but maybe not clean motive for doing so .
clearly such a self-monitoring system is wide open to abuse , particularly [among/of] those who have a clear but maybe not clean motive for doing so .

This could be ( and has been ) achieved not only by investigative journalism and television documentaries , which do appear to have influenced the general level of awareness amongst American citizens to such an extent that Spiro Agnew referred to it as the ‘ post-Watergate ’ morality .
this could be ( and has been ) achieved not only by investigative journalism and television documentaries , which do appear to have influenced the general level of awareness [among/of] american citizens to such an extent that spiro agnew referred to it as the ‘ post-watergate ’ morality .

These would undoubtedly deter smaller corporations and bring down the incidence of corporate crime , particularly amongst the relatively smaller national-bound corporations , and even those larger corporations whose capital equipment is relatively fixed and who need the local more specialized work force .
these would undoubtedly deter smaller corporations and bring down the incidence of corporate crime , particularly [among/of] the relatively smaller national-bound corporations , and even those larger corporations whose capital equipment is relatively fixed and who need the local more specialized work force .

Amongst the many who have paid tribute to Charlie are Sonic Youth , Anthrax , Neil Young , Throbbing Gristle and a host of guitarcore grungemeisters who have incorporated the Manson look into their image or current product .
[among/of] the many who have paid tribute to charlie are sonic youth , anthrax , neil young , throbbing gristle and a host of guitarcore grungemeisters who have incorporated the manson look into their image or current product .

was a mock-working class derivation of punk rock invented by a pig-faced scab which , thanks to the cowardice and stupidity of its main advocates , had rather a lot of Nazi scum amongst its rather dim cockernee fan base .
was a mock-working class derivation of punk rock invented by a pig-faced scab which , thanks to the cowardice and stupidity of its main advocates , had rather a lot of nazi scum [among/of] its rather dim cockernee fan base .

If this event is about affirming their status amongst the youthful pretenders to the acid crown , then Hawkwind and Planet Gong have loaded the dice in their favour by monopolising the prime-time slots .
if this event is about affirming their status [among/of] the youthful pretenders to the acid crown , then hawkwind and planet gong have loaded the dice in their favour by monopolising the prime-time slots .

Amongst it , there is a full set of Shakespeare , several bibles and a Koran , a volume of Charles Dickens and all the usual reference books .
[among/of] it , there is a full set of shakespeare , several bibles and a koran , a volume of charles dickens and all the usual reference books .

Photographed on a full-sized volume from Queen Mary 's collection in the Royal Library at Windsor Castle , this book is the smallest amongst the original contributions , measuring only 1 inch by ⅞ inches .
photographed on a full-sized volume from queen mary 's collection in the royal library at windsor castle , this book is the smallest [among/of] the original contributions , measuring only 1 inch by ⅞ inches .

For example for note-taking in lectures and seminars , amongst noisy machinery and other background conversations speech input would be difficult , and in quiet environments ( for example in libraries ) both speech and keyboard input are inappropriate .
for example for note-taking in lectures and seminars , [among/of] noisy machinery and other background conversations speech input would be difficult , and in quiet environments ( for example in libraries ) both speech and keyboard input are inappropriate .

But England 's could n't defy the irresistible force of the two Ws , now ranked by none other than Graham Gooch amongst the all-time greats .
but england 's could n't defy the irresistible force of the two ws , now ranked by none other than graham gooch [among/of] the all-time greats .

Although work is being done amongst the underprivileged one gets the impression that the real commitment shown by cricket — and Dr. Ali Bacher in particular — is lacking .
although work is being done [among/of] the underprivileged one gets the impression that the real commitment shown by cricket — and dr. ali bacher in particular — is lacking .

The first heroes in the battle to adapt to the damage are the referees at all levels who have sat down amongst themselves , worked out interpretations , decided what to ignore in the letter of the law ; and because the superior team can no longer launch sustained driving to sap the opposition , you find that inferior teams are still fresh as daisies at the end .
the first heroes in the battle to adapt to the damage are the referees at all levels who have sat down [among/of] themselves , worked out interpretations , decided what to ignore in the letter of the law ; and because the superior team can no longer launch sustained driving to sap the opposition , you find that inferior teams are still fresh as daisies at the end .

Having grown up via the personality cult-littered path of doom rock , with Mission and Sisters Of Mercy fixations amongst the skeletons in their closet , the Messiah pair have no intention of accepting a fate as an anonymous disco duo , knocking out the odd hit .
having grown up via the personality cult-littered path of doom rock , with mission and sisters of mercy fixations [among/of] the skeletons in their closet , the messiah pair have no intention of accepting a fate as an anonymous disco duo , knocking out the odd hit .

Police raid Norwich 's Spectrum Records and seize seven discs on the Crass label and two on Cherry Red , amongst others .
police raid norwich 's spectrum records and seize seven discs on the crass label and two on cherry red , [among/of] others .

They were found at the bottom of drawers , in filing cabinets , and stuffed in amongst other papers .
they were found at the bottom of drawers , in filing cabinets , and stuffed in [among/of] other papers .

Their main worries seemed to be not the paper , but bad publicity and the left being seen fighting amongst itself .
their main worries seemed to be not the paper , but bad publicity and the left being seen fighting [among/of] itself .

Indeed , Table 1.3 shows that willingness to move amongst all socio-economic groups has increased in 1983 over the figures given for 1977 .
indeed , table 1.3 shows that willingness to move [among/of] all socio-economic groups has increased in 1983 over the figures given for 1977 .

Some of the most obvious included the benefits of face-to-face , and hence faster , communication between staff , together with the building of a team spirit amongst professionals of different disciplines .
some of the most obvious included the benefits of face-to-face , and hence faster , communication between staff , together with the building of a team spirit [among/of] professionals of different disciplines .

It implied , first , primogeniture amongst males , i.e .
it implied , first , primogeniture [among/of] males , i.e .

Amongst the few powers which may not be so delegated is the power to dissolve Parliament .
[among/of] the few powers which may not be so delegated is the power to dissolve parliament .

In part , at least , this is due to the fact that there is a substantial lobby amongst Labour Members of Parliament for whom abolition is the only acceptable reform .
in part , at least , this is due to the fact that there is a substantial lobby [among/of] labour members of parliament for whom abolition is the only acceptable reform .

Chief amongst these ‘ virtues ’ is ‘ strong ’ government .
chief [among/of] these ‘ virtues ’ is ‘ strong ’ government .

The chief function of boundary commissions is to secure even representation amongst the constituencies within their jurisdiction , each of which will have a notional ‘ quota ’ consisting of the total number of electors divided by the number of constituencies .
the chief function of boundary commissions is to secure even representation [among/of] the constituencies within their jurisdiction , each of which will have a notional ‘ quota ’ consisting of the total number of electors divided by the number of constituencies .

It limits the number of holders of ministerial office who may sit and vote in the House of Commons to 95 and debars , amongst others , civil servants , judges , members of the police and armed forces from sitting .
it limits the number of holders of ministerial office who may sit and vote in the house of commons to 95 and debars , [among/of] others , civil servants , judges , members of the police and armed forces from sitting .

Amongst the offices listed are the stewardship of the Chiltern Hundreds and that of bailiff of the Manor of Northstead the existence of which is nominal only but ‘ appointment ' ’ of a Member of Parliament to which is the traditional manner of resigning a seat .
[among/of] the offices listed are the stewardship of the chiltern hundreds and that of bailiff of the manor of northstead the existence of which is nominal only but ‘ appointment ' ’ of a member of parliament to which is the traditional manner of resigning a seat .

Exceptionally , if a government underestimates the strength of opposition amongst its own backbenchers , or fails to anticipate the extent of opposition in the other House , it may be necessary to modify a bill or even have an amendment forced upon it .
exceptionally , if a government underestimates the strength of opposition [among/of] its own backbenchers , or fails to anticipate the extent of opposition in the other house , it may be necessary to modify a bill or even have an amendment forced upon it .

More recently , departmental committees have come to play a more important role in this regard , seeking by the examination of Ministers and senior members of the Civil Service , amongst others , to elicit information , previously much less accessible , as a basis for more intelligent criticism and control .
more recently , departmental committees have come to play a more important role in this regard , seeking by the examination of ministers and senior members of the civil service , [among/of] others , to elicit information , previously much less accessible , as a basis for more intelligent criticism and control .

( c ) Government Bills Before a Bill enters the House , a government will have put its proposals in legislative form , it will have consulted various interest groups affected and it will have taken into account the strength of feeling amongst its supporters in Parliament and in the country at large .
( c ) government bills before a bill enters the house , a government will have put its proposals in legislative form , it will have consulted various interest groups affected and it will have taken into account the strength of feeling [among/of] its supporters in parliament and in the country at large .

In terms , however , of the generality of their relevance and the importance of their subject-matter , statutory instruments loom largest in importance , and amongst statutory instruments , those made by Ministers of the Crown in pursuance of powers delegated to them by Act of Parliament are the most important of all .
in terms , however , of the generality of their relevance and the importance of their subject-matter , statutory instruments loom largest in importance , and [among/of] statutory instruments , those made by ministers of the crown in pursuance of powers delegated to them by act of parliament are the most important of all .

We must again remember to search for the constitution amongst the realities , and not confine ourselves to pretty normative structures .
we must again remember to search for the constitution [among/of] the realities , and not confine ourselves to pretty normative structures .

One hundred and fifty years previously , a similar problem had been ‘ resolved ’ by the Declaration of Independence of the 13 colonies and the creation of the United States of America , finally recognised by the United Kingdom in 1783 . This time , things proceeded in a more civilised manner and the arrangements concluded at the imperial conferences were enshrined in the Statute of Westminster 1931 , s.4 of which provided , amongst many other things , that for the future , no Act of the imperial Parliament should extend to any of the six Dominions listed above unless it expressly stated that the Dominions in question had requested and consented to the
one hundred and fifty years previously , a similar problem had been ‘ resolved ’ by the declaration of independence of the 13 colonies and the creation of the united states of america , finally recognised by the united kingdom in 1783 . this time , things proceeded in a more civilised manner and the arrangements concluded at the imperial conferences were enshrined in the statute of westminster 1931 , s.4 of which provided , [among/of] many other things , that for the future , no act of the imperial parliament should extend to any of the six dominions listed above unless it expressly stated that the dominions in question had requested and consented to the

Most modern , written , constitutions seek not merely to set up and define the main organs of the state and to distribute public power amongst them , but also to state a range of constitutional guarantees for the subject , frequently limiting the power of organs of the state to this extent .
most modern , written , constitutions seek not merely to set up and define the main organs of the state and to distribute public power [among/of] them , but also to state a range of constitutional guarantees for the subject , frequently limiting the power of organs of the state to this extent .

are amongst a host of other matters , such as the legality of the ‘ closed shop ’ , which have fallen for consideration .
are [among/of] a host of other matters , such as the legality of the ‘ closed shop ’ , which have fallen for consideration .

She has to look for new friends amongst the ranks of the unattached like herself ; and until she has recovered sufficiently to become interested in organising her social life to the best advantage , her opportunities to continue to enjoy the pleasures of mixed company may be very limited .
she has to look for new friends [among/of] the ranks of the unattached like herself ; and until she has recovered sufficiently to become interested in organising her social life to the best advantage , her opportunities to continue to enjoy the pleasures of mixed company may be very limited .

The need for independence , linked with the need for love , are amongst the last treasures of old age , and should be treated with great delicacy .
the need for independence , linked with the need for love , are [among/of] the last treasures of old age , and should be treated with great delicacy .

Serious accidents amongst elderly people in the home are often caused by worn carpets or small rugs or mats .
serious accidents [among/of] elderly people in the home are often caused by worn carpets or small rugs or mats .

If however a special diet has been recommended by the doctor , you should of course see that it is possible for her to adhere strictly to this , and if she is amongst those who enjoy various products from Health Food shops she should not be criticised for having fads .
if however a special diet has been recommended by the doctor , you should of course see that it is possible for her to adhere strictly to this , and if she is [among/of] those who enjoy various products from health food shops she should not be criticised for having fads .

Champagne wines became immensely popular in the eighteenth century amongst the English aristocracy .
champagne wines became immensely popular in the eighteenth century [among/of] the english aristocracy .

And yet how many tragic cases of hopelessness in families and amongst children are there which never reach our newspapers ?
and yet how many tragic cases of hopelessness in families and [among/of] children are there which never reach our newspapers ?

Amongst users they are assessed more positively than traditional residential areas by non-motorised users , but not by motorists .
[among/of] users they are assessed more positively than traditional residential areas by non-motorised users , but not by motorists .

The results are impressive , with squares created for , amongst other things , play and rest ( Figure 6.39 ) , a fountain and paddling pool ( Figure 6.40 ) and small shrubberies ( Figure 6.41 ) .
the results are impressive , with squares created for , [among/of] other things , play and rest ( figure 6.39 ) , a fountain and paddling pool ( figure 6.40 ) and small shrubberies ( figure 6.41 ) .

Ai n't Going to Grieve my Lord This is a very popular song amongst British Girl Guides ( Scouts ) .
ai n't going to grieve my lord this is a very popular song [among/of] british girl guides ( scouts ) .

If the birds are disturbed during the process , there could be large numbers of stupefied birds fluttering amongst the traffic as the morning progresses with public complaints resulting , ’ the report stated .
if the birds are disturbed during the process , there could be large numbers of stupefied birds fluttering [among/of] the traffic as the morning progresses with public complaints resulting , ’ the report stated .

In summing up the day the Bishop emphasised the fact that there are weak as well as strong , failures as well as successes , amongst the people of God .
in summing up the day the bishop emphasised the fact that there are weak as well as strong , failures as well as successes , [among/of] the people of god .

There does seem to be general agreement amongst teachers that the school curriculum should be broad and balanced for all pupils .
there does seem to be general agreement [among/of] teachers that the school curriculum should be broad and balanced for all pupils .

Like other writers he points to the way in which political direction colours practice , and recognizes too that there may be conflicts within research itself , as there are amongst practitioners .
like other writers he points to the way in which political direction colours practice , and recognizes too that there may be conflicts within research itself , as there are [among/of] practitioners .

Social workers , teachers who work with children and young people in schools , staff in courts , community centres , housing , social security and health services , are amongst those whose tasks can help to use new knowledge ‘ in harmony with economic and human needs ’ .
social workers , teachers who work with children and young people in schools , staff in courts , community centres , housing , social security and health services , are [among/of] those whose tasks can help to use new knowledge ‘ in harmony with economic and human needs ’ .

When a longitudinal view is taken , however , we often find great discontinuities amongst children in care as they experience a series of unrelated interventions and moves which can often be isolating and stigmatizing .
when a longitudinal view is taken , however , we often find great discontinuities [among/of] children in care as they experience a series of unrelated interventions and moves which can often be isolating and stigmatizing .

How far does the phenomenon of child abuse approximate to this model ? Is there agreement amongst researchers about the nature of child abuse and how it can be defined ? What are the characteristics or factors that have been associated with child abuse whereby it can be identified ? How far can it be predicted , prevented and treated ?
how far does the phenomenon of child abuse approximate to this model ? is there agreement [among/of] researchers about the nature of child abuse and how it can be defined ? what are the characteristics or factors that have been associated with child abuse whereby it can be identified ? how far can it be predicted , prevented and treated ?

However , the definition of what constitutes abuse varies amongst professional groups ; across cultural , ethnic and religious groups ; and by geographical location ( Giovannoni and Beccera , 1979 ; Gelles , 1982 ; Starr , 1982 ; Valentine et al .
however , the definition of what constitutes abuse varies [among/of] professional groups ; across cultural , ethnic and religious groups ; and by geographical location ( giovannoni and beccera , 1979 ; gelles , 1982 ; starr , 1982 ; valentine et al .

If the rate of violence amongst families in the population is relatively low , and we have noted that the incidence of sexual abuse maybe around 10 per cent while the incidence of serious physical abuse may be 3–4 per cent ( Straus et al .
if the rate of violence [among/of] families in the population is relatively low , and we have noted that the incidence of sexual abuse maybe around 10 per cent while the incidence of serious physical abuse may be 3–4 per cent ( straus et al .

Soon after the discovery of the ‘ battered baby syndrome ’ in the 1960s there seemed considerable optimism amongst health and welfare professionals that such efforts would be effective .
soon after the discovery of the ‘ battered baby syndrome ’ in the 1960s there seemed considerable optimism [among/of] health and welfare professionals that such efforts would be effective .

The human tribes were divided amongst themselves , but the Dwarfs were able to strike up alliances which brought thousands of well-armed , fierce warriors eastwards .
the human tribes were divided [among/of] themselves , but the dwarfs were able to strike up alliances which brought thousands of well-armed , fierce warriors eastwards .

Sigmar left no heir and his passing must have caused some apprehension amongst the people of the Empire .
sigmar left no heir and his passing must have caused some apprehension [among/of] the people of the empire .

Would the counts now war amongst themselves to establish the strongest ?
would the counts now war [among/of] themselves to establish the strongest ?

The only good news in all this time was that Boris Goldgather became one of its victims in 1115 , and news of his death helped to raise morale amongst the oppressed population .
the only good news in all this time was that boris goldgather became one of its victims in 1115 , and news of his death helped to raise morale [among/of] the oppressed population .

From 1547 the Elector Count of Middenland proclaimed himself Emperor too , making a total of no less than three pretenders , each soliciting allies and supporters amongst the other provinces .
from 1547 the elector count of middenland proclaimed himself emperor too , making a total of no less than three pretenders , each soliciting allies and supporters [among/of] the other provinces .

None of them commands much loyalty amongst the other provinces and each effectively rules an independent state .
none of them commands much loyalty [among/of] the other provinces and each effectively rules an independent state .

The Empire has no capital as such , as the Emperor is chosen from amongst the Elector Counts throughout the provinces .
the empire has no capital as such , as the emperor is chosen from [among/of] the elector counts throughout the provinces .

Altdorf stands on a series of islands amongst the broad mud flats which surround the confluence of the rivers Reik and Talabec .
altdorf stands on a series of islands [among/of] the broad mud flats which surround the confluence of the rivers reik and talabec .

Access to these tunnels is limited to the town guard and to certain licensed adventurers who are permitted to search for ancient treasures amongst the ancient tombs and catacombs .
access to these tunnels is limited to the town guard and to certain licensed adventurers who are permitted to search for ancient treasures [among/of] the ancient tombs and catacombs .

Many of them number former Emperors amongst their ancestors .
many of them number former emperors [among/of] their ancestors .

When the ruling Emperor dies a successor is chosen from amongst the counts .
when the ruling emperor dies a successor is chosen from [among/of] the counts .

Originally a desperate innovation , the Halfling Hot Pot has now become something of an institution amongst Halflings .
originally a desperate innovation , the halfling hot pot has now become something of an institution [among/of] halflings .

Individual cannon can be extremely large , and the Empire 's Great Cannon are amongst the largest .
individual cannon can be extremely large , and the empire 's great cannon are [among/of] the largest .

As is common amongst state regiments , different ribbons and plumes are used to distinguish the various regiments .
as is common [among/of] state regiments , different ribbons and plumes are used to distinguish the various regiments .

The crossbow is not a popular weapon amongst men from the Empire , but there are always foreigners eager to be recruited into the Empire armies so it is quite common to find crossbowmen amongst the state regiments .
the crossbow is not a popular weapon [among/of] men from the empire , but there are always foreigners eager to be recruited into the empire armies so it is quite common to find crossbowmen [among/of] the state regiments .

Many individuals of this sort are to be found amongst the nobility , the Counts of the Empire and their sons , as well as the lesser nobility .
many individuals of this sort are to be found [among/of] the nobility , the counts of the empire and their sons , as well as the lesser nobility .

Its warriors are recruited from all over the Empire and the sons of many wealthy and powerful families can be found amongst its ranks .
its warriors are recruited from all over the empire and the sons of many wealthy and powerful families can be found [among/of] its ranks .

Spearmen are most common amongst the state forces of the northern provinces .
spearmen are most common [among/of] the state forces of the northern provinces .

Swordsmen are amongst the most highly trained and proficient of the provincial regiments .
swordsmen are [among/of] the most highly trained and proficient of the provincial regiments .

However , it is a very popular weapon amongst the Tileans , and the state armies of the Empire include many Tileans .
however , it is a very popular weapon [among/of] the tileans , and the state armies of the empire include many tileans .

This is amongst the most potent magic weapons ever crafted by the Dwarfs of old , in the days when their power was at its height .
this is [among/of] the most potent magic weapons ever crafted by the dwarfs of old , in the days when their power was at its height .

They travelled around the Reikland , and soon Magnus 's rousing speeches earned him a massive following amongst the common folk of the Empire .
they travelled around the reikland , and soon magnus 's rousing speeches earned him a massive following [among/of] the common folk of the empire .

In years past this contest was unregulated and often resulted in the destruction of large parts of Altdorf and widespread carnage amongst the civilian population .
in years past this contest was unregulated and often resulted in the destruction of large parts of altdorf and widespread carnage [among/of] the civilian population .

On the financial side , it is well known that airline pilots are amongst the best paid professions and until the redundancies of the early 1980s changed the picture somewhat remarkably few of their number were prepared to accept a civil servant 's salary after having enjoyed a very good standard of living .
on the financial side , it is well known that airline pilots are [among/of] the best paid professions and until the redundancies of the early 1980s changed the picture somewhat remarkably few of their number were prepared to accept a civil servant 's salary after having enjoyed a very good standard of living .

Accidents involving carbon monoxide or other poisoning or anoxia ( possibly associated with cabin pressure failures ) are other obvious cases in which the pathologists take a leading place amongst the investigators .
accidents involving carbon monoxide or other poisoning or anoxia ( possibly associated with cabin pressure failures ) are other obvious cases in which the pathologists take a leading place [among/of] the investigators .

Not unnaturally there is considerable sensitivity amongst flight crews regarding the use , and particularly the publication of transcriptions of CVRs recovered from crashed aircraft .
not unnaturally there is considerable sensitivity [among/of] flight crews regarding the use , and particularly the publication of transcriptions of cvrs recovered from crashed aircraft .

All the normal operating procedures and the emergency operating procedures are written down in the flight manual of an aircraft , one copy of which is carried in the aircraft while another is always available ( to accident investigators , amongst others ) on the ground , and pilots are trained and required to operate their aircraft in conformity with these procedures .
all the normal operating procedures and the emergency operating procedures are written down in the flight manual of an aircraft , one copy of which is carried in the aircraft while another is always available ( to accident investigators , [among/of] others ) on the ground , and pilots are trained and required to operate their aircraft in conformity with these procedures .

And he was n't alone amongst the instructors who felt this way : Jack Bisley , Sam Temple , and Amos Bernstein , they all admitted that they hated it ; but Angus McBride and Len looked forward to their trips as if they were half-day school holidays .
and he was n't alone [among/of] the instructors who felt this way : jack bisley , sam temple , and amos bernstein , they all admitted that they hated it ; but angus mcbride and len looked forward to their trips as if they were half-day school holidays .

When we finally make proposals to build a repository we must be confident they will satisfy safety standards that are amongst the toughest in the world .
when we finally make proposals to build a repository we must be confident they will satisfy safety standards that are [among/of] the toughest in the world .

Dying in such a cause , he was to be numbered amongst Christ 's martyrs , much more worthy of the name of Saint Thomas of Canterbury than he whom the Pope falsely before did canonize .
dying in such a cause , he was to be numbered [among/of] christ 's martyrs , much more worthy of the name of saint thomas of canterbury than he whom the pope falsely before did canonize .

Her husband , poor man , often left her ‘ as if he had not known her , and left her alone amongst them , choose how she might ’ .
her husband , poor man , often left her ‘ as if he had not known her , and left her alone [among/of] them , choose how she might ’ .

‘ Down amongst the fish , the last thing you do is start flapping .
‘ down [among/of] the fish , the last thing you do is start flapping .

As the game stretched into injury time , Dave Jacques was close to deflecting a corner into his own goal and from that corner Cawston flung himself amongst flying feet .
as the game stretched into injury time , dave jacques was close to deflecting a corner into his own goal and from that corner cawston flung himself [among/of] flying feet .

Since Switchboard policy and response is shaped by the callers as well as the volunteers , there is bound to be an emphasis at any given time on whatever issue looms largest amongst the calls .
since switchboard policy and response is shaped by the callers as well as the volunteers , there is bound to be an emphasis at any given time on whatever issue looms largest [among/of] the calls .

Vulnerable frail elderly people , usually the very old , are the group which give rise to most concern amongst carers , professional or personal .
vulnerable frail elderly people , usually the very old , are the group which give rise to most concern [among/of] carers , professional or personal .

The literature on bereavement , even that of Parkes ( 1986 ) , which focuses on widows , has little to say about bereavement amongst very old people .
the literature on bereavement , even that of parkes ( 1986 ) , which focuses on widows , has little to say about bereavement [among/of] very old people .

Perhaps the fact that those most frequently bereaved , the very old , have been the subject of so little research in this area , is in itself indicative of ageism amongst the professionals .
perhaps the fact that those most frequently bereaved , the very old , have been the subject of so little research in this area , is in itself indicative of ageism [among/of] the professionals .

He claims that widespread poverty amongst elderly people has been relatively ignored by academics and politicians , although it has resulted in the ‘ social creation of dependent status ’ .
he claims that widespread poverty [among/of] elderly people has been relatively ignored by academics and politicians , although it has resulted in the ‘ social creation of dependent status ’ .

There is greater awareness amongst those who work with and for the elderly of the ways in which we manufacture social and economic dependency .
there is greater awareness [among/of] those who work with and for the elderly of the ways in which we manufacture social and economic dependency .

This analysis is not unfamiliar ; such situations are common amongst middle class families whose occupational and geographical mobility has been greater than that of the working class .
this analysis is not unfamiliar ; such situations are common [among/of] middle class families whose occupational and geographical mobility has been greater than that of the working class .

The ripples of family disturbance which unemployment brings are spread widely too amongst those who do not move away from their home area .
the ripples of family disturbance which unemployment brings are spread widely too [among/of] those who do not move away from their home area .

Amongst the ‘ old carers ’ , as has already been indicated , there are a substantial number of siblings , especially sisters .
[among/of] the ‘ old carers ’ , as has already been indicated , there are a substantial number of siblings , especially sisters .

The proportion amongst the very old will be even higher .
the proportion [among/of] the very old will be even higher .

Amongst the carers themselves , ‘ isolation , frustration and resignation ’ were near universal in the sample , with a substantial number estimating that their sense of self-worth had suffered as a result of their situation .
[among/of] the carers themselves , ‘ isolation , frustration and resignation ’ were near universal in the sample , with a substantial number estimating that their sense of self-worth had suffered as a result of their situation .

Growing in the arable fields during the summer months would have been a crop of barley amongst which various weeds were growing , including fat-hen , common orache and black bindweed .
growing in the arable fields during the summer months would have been a crop of barley [among/of] which various weeds were growing , including fat-hen , common orache and black bindweed .

The principal hunting weapon may have been the bow and arrow ; arrows , as with all tools , are rare in early Anglo-Saxon cemeteries ; they are often viewed as weapons of warfare but constitute the most obvious hunting weapon amongst the range of artefacts and their rarity in cemeteries may only be a reflection of their importance to the community .
the principal hunting weapon may have been the bow and arrow ; arrows , as with all tools , are rare in early anglo-saxon cemeteries ; they are often viewed as weapons of warfare but constitute the most obvious hunting weapon [among/of] the range of artefacts and their rarity in cemeteries may only be a reflection of their importance to the community .

The amber bead is an example of such an imported commodity which is found in very large quantities at some cemeteries often with relatively low proportions amongst surrounding communities .
the amber bead is an example of such an imported commodity which is found in very large quantities at some cemeteries often with relatively low proportions [among/of] surrounding communities .

The identification of apparent patterning amongst types and sub-groups of ornamental metalwork can easily induce a false sense of satisfaction .
the identification of apparent patterning [among/of] types and sub-groups of ornamental metalwork can easily induce a false sense of satisfaction .

Turned wooden vessels were amongst the grave-goods in the ship burial of Sutton Hoo mound 1 .
turned wooden vessels were [among/of] the grave-goods in the ship burial of sutton hoo mound 1 .

It remains unclear whether the types of vessel so commonly found in cremation cemeteries were also used domestically ; the evidence of the settlement of West Stow where stamped vessels of a type found in cremation cemeteries were present amongst other rubbish and which may have been made there , is ambiguous .
it remains unclear whether the types of vessel so commonly found in cremation cemeteries were also used domestically ; the evidence of the settlement of west stow where stamped vessels of a type found in cremation cemeteries were present [among/of] other rubbish and which may have been made there , is ambiguous .

As your weekend draws to a close , why not revel in the peace and tranquility of a walk through its woods , where the Highlands birds and animals live harmoniously amongst the oak , silver birch and pine trees .
as your weekend draws to a close , why not revel in the peace and tranquility of a walk through its woods , where the highlands birds and animals live harmoniously [among/of] the oak , silver birch and pine trees .

Amongst the mourners at his funeral was Bruce Harris , director of Casa Alianza , the Guatemalan refuge for street children .
[among/of] the mourners at his funeral was bruce harris , director of casa alianza , the guatemalan refuge for street children .

Amongst the soft , opaque , dim-yellow fluid there wriggled worm-like shapes of clear , unabsorbed slime .
[among/of] the soft , opaque , dim-yellow fluid there wriggled worm-like shapes of clear , unabsorbed slime .

Amongst them , four party leaders — they had been in place for 12 , 13 and 21 years .
[among/of] them , four party leaders — they had been in place for 12 , 13 and 21 years .

There was a lot of shouting and shuffling amongst the newcomers , most of whom were feeling bored and restless and had spent too long in the country already .
there was a lot of shouting and shuffling [among/of] the newcomers , most of whom were feeling bored and restless and had spent too long in the country already .

In a steady drawl he corrects my misapprehension that his group attracts loads of metalheads amongst the other sub-cultures that clock to the gigs …
in a steady drawl he corrects my misapprehension that his group attracts loads of metalheads [among/of] the other sub-cultures that clock to the gigs …

There is a buzz about Rollins right now , since he has achieved amongst grungers the kind of semi-legendary status that his self-proclaimed nemesis , M-M-M-orrissey , enjoys amongst clinically depressed onanists , cat-rapers and young Conservatives .
there is a buzz about rollins right now , since he has achieved [among/of] grungers the kind of semi-legendary status that his self-proclaimed nemesis , m-m-m-orrissey , enjoys [among/of] clinically depressed onanists , cat-rapers and young conservatives .

Flutter here and there amongst the trees , sensing the life all around you — the plants , birds , animals and insects .
flutter here and there [among/of] the trees , sensing the life all around you — the plants , birds , animals and insects .

Amongst these bodies there was a unanimous desire for changes in the laws that dealt with children .
[among/of] these bodies there was a unanimous desire for changes in the laws that dealt with children .

Like them , this official would be a lay person , and would be completely independent of all other bodies and agencies , The official would be known as the ‘ Reporter ’ , and could be drawn from the legal profession , from amongst social work professionals , or perhaps from administration .
like them , this official would be a lay person , and would be completely independent of all other bodies and agencies , the official would be known as the ‘ reporter ’ , and could be drawn from the legal profession , from [among/of] social work professionals , or perhaps from administration .

The quiet sympathy amongst the waiting people was tinged with anger , and an Orcadian farmer voiced the feelings of them all when he said that bureaucracy had gone too far .
the quiet sympathy [among/of] the waiting people was tinged with anger , and an orcadian farmer voiced the feelings of them all when he said that bureaucracy had gone too far .

The raucous croaking of the rooks amongst the tall sycamores and the ruined palaces seemed an appropriate symbol of the ugly story that was unfolding in these peaceful northern islands .
the raucous croaking of the rooks [among/of] the tall sycamores and the ruined palaces seemed an appropriate symbol of the ugly story that was unfolding in these peaceful northern islands .

Significant amongst these messages were those from the parents of Rochdale , who were that week awaiting a judgement in their own case .
significant [among/of] these messages were those from the parents of rochdale , who were that week awaiting a judgement in their own case .

The Orkney Christian Fellowship was set up in the mid-1980s by a former Church of Scotland Minister , Alan Cowieson , who had caused division amongst a number of families while he was still Minister of the Evie , Rendall and Firth Parish .
the orkney christian fellowship was set up in the mid-1980s by a former church of scotland minister , alan cowieson , who had caused division [among/of] a number of families while he was still minister of the evie , rendall and firth parish .

If they suspect satanic influence amongst any group of people , they would also look with suspicion on anyone associated with that group , whether politically , socially , or on religious grounds .
if they suspect satanic influence [among/of] any group of people , they would also look with suspicion on anyone associated with that group , whether politically , socially , or on religious grounds .

Chief amongst these is the indubitably elegant Terence Stamp , who gives a moving account of his first biker jacket and his love of fine fabric .
chief [among/of] these is the indubitably elegant terence stamp , who gives a moving account of his first biker jacket and his love of fine fabric .

Perhaps unique amongst air operators Aurigny has a fan club for one of its Trislanders .
perhaps unique [among/of] air operators aurigny has a fan club for one of its trislanders .

Variously known amongst Aboriginal tribes as Moolgewante , Wowee Wowee and Kine Pratie , bunyips are curious and often bloodthirsty beings .
variously known [among/of] aboriginal tribes as moolgewante , wowee wowee and kine pratie , bunyips are curious and often bloodthirsty beings .

Also known as The First One and The Master of Time ; El was the father of gods and men amongst ancient Syrians and Canaanites .
also known as the first one and the master of time ; el was the father of gods and men [among/of] ancient syrians and canaanites .

Amongst the most evil and dangerous of fairy spirits .
[among/of] the most evil and dangerous of fairy spirits .

… bred amongst the Indians , having a triple row of teeth , in bigness and roughness like a lion 's , face and ears like a man 's , a tail like a scorpion 's , with a sting and sharp-pointed quills …
… bred [among/of] the indians , having a triple row of teeth , in bigness and roughness like a lion 's , face and ears like a man 's , a tail like a scorpion 's , with a sting and sharp-pointed quills …

Within a few weeks the disease had spread rapidly amongst the poorer people of Funchal , especially among the families of the boatmen .
within a few weeks the disease had spread rapidly [among/of] the poorer people of funchal , especially among the families of the boatmen .

It also regulated , amongst the British wine-shippers , the price of wines for export .
it also regulated , [among/of] the british wine-shippers , the price of wines for export .

The fame of this hotel was as great amongst those generations of the 1920s to 1950s as Raffles in Singapore , Shepheard 's in Cairo and The Ritz in London .
the fame of this hotel was as great [among/of] those generations of the 1920s to 1950s as raffles in singapore , shepheard 's in cairo and the ritz in london .

Family unity is very strong in Madeira , not just amongst the immediate family , but through numerous cousins , aunts and uncles .
family unity is very strong in madeira , not just [among/of] the immediate family , but through numerous cousins , aunts and uncles .

Folk dancing is not just a tourist attraction : it is popular amongst all Madeirans , whatever their social background and they start at a very early age to learn the dance steps .
folk dancing is not just a tourist attraction : it is popular [among/of] all madeirans , whatever their social background and they start at a very early age to learn the dance steps .

They were organized into fourteen sections , each under the command of a captain and a sergeant-major , both of whom were chosen by the municipal council from amongst the most important landowners in the region .
they were organized into fourteen sections , each under the command of a captain and a sergeant-major , both of whom were chosen by the municipal council from [among/of] the most important landowners in the region .

But it would be wrong to dismiss the underlying aspiration of many in Northern Ireland , particularly amongst the Protestant majority , for an end to their exclusion from British political debate .
but it would be wrong to dismiss the underlying aspiration of many in northern ireland , particularly [among/of] the protestant majority , for an end to their exclusion from british political debate .

Although many of his lyrics have been in the sexist style known as slackness ( ironically , incredibly popular amongst women in Jamaica ) Shabba has also rhymed on cultural if not overtly political topics .
although many of his lyrics have been in the sexist style known as slackness ( ironically , incredibly popular [among/of] women in jamaica ) shabba has also rhymed on cultural if not overtly political topics .

In the late '70s the arts departments of the Poly and University of Leeds spawned , amongst others , The Mekons , Delta 5 , Severed Head And The Neckf — ers , Zodiac Mindwarp , Ralph And The Ponytails , Dorothy 's Cottage ( an aggressively gay tuba combo ) , Sheeny And The Goys , The Gang of Four , The Three Johns and Soft Cell .
in the late '70s the arts departments of the poly and university of leeds spawned , [among/of] others , the mekons , delta 5 , severed head and the neckf — ers , zodiac mindwarp , ralph and the ponytails , dorothy 's cottage ( an aggressively gay tuba combo ) , sheeny and the goys , the gang of four , the three johns and soft cell .

Amongst others — you know , people nobody 's ever heard of .
[among/of] others — you know , people nobody 's ever heard of .

The debate amongst the leaders was mainly concerned with that important question .
the debate [among/of] the leaders was mainly concerned with that important question .

Ramsay spent a busy hour placing his two hundred in the available cover amongst the hummocks and wooded hollows .
ramsay spent a busy hour placing his two hundred in the available cover [among/of] the hummocks and wooded hollows .

Whatever their riders might desire , those English mounts broke , reared , panicked , cannoned into one another to get out of the way , and doing so caused utter confusion and collapse amongst the enemy .
whatever their riders might desire , those english mounts broke , reared , panicked , cannoned into one another to get out of the way , and doing so caused utter confusion and collapse [among/of] the enemy .

Amongst the casualties left on the field by the fleeing enemy was a Northumberland squire named Foster , who had been stunned when his horse toppled on him but not seriously injured .
[among/of] the casualties left on the field by the fleeing enemy was a northumberland squire named foster , who had been stunned when his horse toppled on him but not seriously injured .

Another problem , unexpected , was that practically everyone amongst the Scots leadership wanted to be involved .
another problem , unexpected , was that practically everyone [among/of] the scots leadership wanted to be involved .

The Steward 's party , having cleared out the domestic quarters , arrived at that side of the keep , driving before them a crowd of servitors and general retainers , women amongst them , many only partially clad .
the steward 's party , having cleared out the domestic quarters , arrived at that side of the keep , driving before them a crowd of servitors and general retainers , women [among/of] them , many only partially clad .

Amongst new captives brought in were a Maxwell laird and an English under-officer , both of whom testified that they had seen King Edward Balliol riding off eastwards from the camp area , alone , still only in shirt and breeches , presumably making for the Border and Carlisle .
[among/of] new captives brought in were a maxwell laird and an english under-officer , both of whom testified that they had seen king edward balliol riding off eastwards from the camp area , alone , still only in shirt and breeches , presumably making for the border and carlisle .

It was a strange experience to wait in that embattled and enclosed town , amongst the tense thousands .
it was a strange experience to wait in that embattled and enclosed town , [among/of] the tense thousands .

But certain hits were registered , casualties created amongst the English gunners , and what was almost as important , great holes and craters made in the infilled ditches .
but certain hits were registered , casualties created [among/of] the english gunners , and what was almost as important , great holes and craters made in the infilled ditches .

But there was a sufficiency of stir and flaming torches amongst the nearby English positions .
but there was a sufficiency of stir and flaming torches [among/of] the nearby english positions .

But at least they were more hopeful about casualties amongst the rank and file , especially the foot .
but at least they were more hopeful about casualties [among/of] the rank and file , especially the foot .

Under Section 264(1) a petition for a bankruptcy order to be made against an individual may be brought by a creditor or by the individual himself , amongst others .
under section 264(1) a petition for a bankruptcy order to be made against an individual may be brought by a creditor or by the individual himself , [among/of] others .

His shop would have been in a back street , probably in a run-down part of the town , amongst the dwellings of those whom he catered for ; indeed , Sowerberry himself was only just above the bread-line .
his shop would have been in a back street , probably in a run-down part of the town , [among/of] the dwellings of those whom he catered for ; indeed , sowerberry himself was only just above the bread-line .

The son of a wealthy London merchant , Lethieullier was a Fellow of the Royal Society and a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries ; he knew both William and John Hunter , who in turn must have been aware of his collection of Egyptian antiquities , amongst which were some mummies brought back from Egypt to Aldersbrook by Lethieullier 's cousin , Colonel William Lethieullier .
the son of a wealthy london merchant , lethieullier was a fellow of the royal society and a fellow of the society of antiquaries ; he knew both william and john hunter , who in turn must have been aware of his collection of egyptian antiquities , [among/of] which were some mummies brought back from egypt to aldersbrook by lethieullier 's cousin , colonel william lethieullier .

Amongst one of Thomas de Quincey 's earliest recollections is a visit to Sale Priory to see Charles White 's museum and , of course , Miss Hannah Beswick .
[among/of] one of thomas de quincey 's earliest recollections is a visit to sale priory to see charles white 's museum and , of course , miss hannah beswick .

The 1984 reordering of the church provided the opportunity to examine the contents , and amongst the eight coffins was that of Charles Lethieullier , brother of the celebrated antiquarian , Smart Lethieullier , whose coffin also lay in the vault , though it had lost its outer wooden case and the inner lead shell had split along the joint where left flank and lid met .
the 1984 reordering of the church provided the opportunity to examine the contents , and [among/of] the eight coffins was that of charles lethieullier , brother of the celebrated antiquarian , smart lethieullier , whose coffin also lay in the vault , though it had lost its outer wooden case and the inner lead shell had split along the joint where left flank and lid met .

Amongst the curiosities was a series of Tradescant portraits , which were hung on the gallery walls .
[among/of] the curiosities was a series of tradescant portraits , which were hung on the gallery walls .

Amongst them are two very small anthropoid shells , one of 1617 , the other of 1618 .
[among/of] them are two very small anthropoid shells , one of 1617 , the other of 1618 .

Aung San awakened a martial spirit amongst the Burmans , and the young men looked up to him with intense loyalty .
aung san awakened a martial spirit [among/of] the burmans , and the young men looked up to him with intense loyalty .

We can quote one as saying ‘ We see it as giving a distinctive edge to our marketing image amongst a predominantly business clientele .
we can quote one as saying ‘ we see it as giving a distinctive edge to our marketing image [among/of] a predominantly business clientele .

Amongst the others enjoying the retro hustle was Martine Sitbon .
[among/of] the others enjoying the retro hustle was martine sitbon .

Meanwhile the popularity of Yardie amongst jail birds has led to certain elements deciding that the book comes a little too close to the truth for their liking , and Victor Headley has disappeared into hiding to work on Yardie 2 , leaving Adebayo and Pope to speak on his behalf .
meanwhile the popularity of yardie [among/of] jail birds has led to certain elements deciding that the book comes a little too close to the truth for their liking , and victor headley has disappeared into hiding to work on yardie 2 , leaving adebayo and pope to speak on his behalf .

Even at that early age , Celia sensed a strange unease , a tension amongst the grown-ups .
even at that early age , celia sensed a strange unease , a tension [among/of] the grown-ups .

Amongst Edna 's many unique qualities was discretion as well as loyalty .
[among/of] edna 's many unique qualities was discretion as well as loyalty .

It inevitably gave rise to speculation amongst his companions .
it inevitably gave rise to speculation [among/of] his companions .

In this war amongst the teacups , the worst sufferers were the children .
in this war [among/of] the teacups , the worst sufferers were the children .

He presented the music box , which was received with every expression of pleasure by Isobel , and the monkey to Dorothy , who could not help laughing when she saw it , because it was so typical of a craze for stuffed animals amongst the girls she had met in Tollemarche .
he presented the music box , which was received with every expression of pleasure by isobel , and the monkey to dorothy , who could not help laughing when she saw it , because it was so typical of a craze for stuffed animals [among/of] the girls she had met in tollemarche .

Yet if urban communities divided into well-defined upper and lower classes , the sharp edge of inequality was not infrequently blunted by a numerous £2 group , the diffusion of wealth amongst a solid bloc of merchants and master craftsmen worth upwards of £10 , and , in most small towns , the absence of very rich people .
yet if urban communities divided into well-defined upper and lower classes , the sharp edge of inequality was not infrequently blunted by a numerous £2 group , the diffusion of wealth [among/of] a solid bloc of merchants and master craftsmen worth upwards of £10 , and , in most small towns , the absence of very rich people .

On the other hand , against the backdrop of recession , rising unemployment and Government policies on welfare and the family , women have lost important employment protection and maternity rights , unemployment amongst women has almost tripled and any new jobs are mainly part-time and low-paid ; women still earn only two thirds of average male pay .
on the other hand , against the backdrop of recession , rising unemployment and government policies on welfare and the family , women have lost important employment protection and maternity rights , unemployment [among/of] women has almost tripled and any new jobs are mainly part-time and low-paid ; women still earn only two thirds of average male pay .

The tribes of Men were divided amongst themselves , with embittered rivalries and long feuds leading to constant warfare and raiding .
the tribes of men were divided [among/of] themselves , with embittered rivalries and long feuds leading to constant warfare and raiding .

Here the Orcs feasted and fought amongst themselves while their loot lasted , and , after three days of drunken brawling , readied to invade the Moot .
here the orcs feasted and fought [among/of] themselves while their loot lasted , and , after three days of drunken brawling , readied to invade the moot .

By this time Gorbad Ironclaw 's reputation had spread amongst all the Orc and Goblin tribes of the Great Forest , and many more green-skinned warriors flocked southwards to join him .
by this time gorbad ironclaw 's reputation had spread [among/of] all the orc and goblin tribes of the great forest , and many more green-skinned warriors flocked southwards to join him .

It was the beginning of Waaagh Grom and the birth of a legend amongst Orc kind .
it was the beginning of waaagh grom and the birth of a legend [among/of] orc kind .

He organised the defence of Altdorf and raised a new army from amongst the beleaguered citizens .
he organised the defence of altdorf and raised a new army from [among/of] the beleaguered citizens .

Acres of forest were felled to provide the timber , and whole tribes of Goblins were sent to forage for materials amongst the ruins of the Empire .
acres of forest were felled to provide the timber , and whole tribes of goblins were sent to forage for materials [among/of] the ruins of the empire .

Today Belegar and his kinsfolk still live amongst the ruins of Karak Eight Peaks , and hope one day to reconquer the whole realm of their ancestors .
today belegar and his kinsfolk still live [among/of] the ruins of karak eight peaks , and hope one day to reconquer the whole realm of their ancestors .

Skarsnik 's fame has grown amongst the other tribes , and today all the Night Goblins of Karak Eight Peaks , and many others besides , hail him as their undisputed master .
skarsnik 's fame has grown [among/of] the other tribes , and today all the night goblins of karak eight peaks , and many others besides , hail him as their undisputed master .

Squig Hunters were dispatched into the deep tunnels to fetch more Cave Squigs , while Netters were sent off to hunt down Stone Trolls amongst the mountains .
squig hunters were dispatched into the deep tunnels to fetch more cave squigs , while netters were sent off to hunt down stone trolls [among/of] the mountains .

Stones from the rock lobber began to fall amongst their densely packed ranks .
stones from the rock lobber began to fall [among/of] their densely packed ranks .

As the Dwarfs approached the first ranks of Night Goblins a massive whoop went up amongst the greenskins , and from out of their formation charged Night Goblin Fanatics whirling balls and chains .
as the dwarfs approached the first ranks of night goblins a massive whoop went up [among/of] the greenskins , and from out of their formation charged night goblin fanatics whirling balls and chains .

Stones from the rock lobber smashed into the Dwarf column and arrows fell amongst their ranks .
stones from the rock lobber smashed into the dwarf column and arrows fell [among/of] their ranks .

Because they argue and fight amongst themselves even in the thick of battle , Orcs and Goblins are affected by a special Animosity rule .
because they argue and fight [among/of] themselves even in the thick of battle , orcs and goblins are affected by a special animosity rule .

Orcs and Goblins argue and fight amongst themselves continually .
orcs and goblins argue and fight [among/of] themselves continually .

Inevitably you will hear the cries of squabbling amongst your forces and realise that , once again , your best laid plans have been laid low by some dispute in the ranks .
inevitably you will hear the cries of squabbling [among/of] your forces and realise that , once again , your best laid plans have been laid low by some dispute in the ranks .

At the start of his turn the Orc player must test amongst his troops to determine if Animosity has taken effect . You must test separately for each of the following :
at the start of his turn the orc player must test [among/of] his troops to determine if animosity has taken effect . you must test separately for each of the following :

When you deploy , bear in mind your Mobs ' tendency to fight amongst themselves .
when you deploy , bear in mind your mobs ' tendency to fight [among/of] themselves .

Of course , this does n't stop a Mob squabbling amongst itself , but at least this only halts one unit for a turn rather than bringing two units to a standstill and inflicting casualties .
of course , this does n't stop a mob squabbling [among/of] itself , but at least this only halts one unit for a turn rather than bringing two units to a standstill and inflicting casualties .

An internal squabble amongst the ranks soon grows into a minor riot with fists and curses flying .
an internal squabble [among/of] the ranks soon grows into a minor riot with fists and curses flying .

As the Pump Wagon has no horses pulling it any hits must be distributed amongst the crew or machine only , as shown on the chart below .
as the pump wagon has no horses pulling it any hits must be distributed [among/of] the crew or machine only , as shown on the chart below .

Orc leaders are known as Boss Orcs , but even Boss Orcs fight amongst themselves to decide which of them is the overall leader .
orc leaders are known as boss orcs , but even boss orcs fight [among/of] themselves to decide which of them is the overall leader .

In this way the number of huge and powerful Orcs is naturally regulated and every Orc knows his place amongst his fellows .
in this way the number of huge and powerful orcs is naturally regulated and every orc knows his place [among/of] his fellows .

One particular variety , known as the Mad Cap , is used as the basis for an intoxicating brew whose effects are legendary amongst the Night Goblins .
one particular variety , known as the mad cap , is used as the basis for an intoxicating brew whose effects are legendary [among/of] the night goblins .

When the enemy shoots at a unit of Night Goblin Netters randomise any hits amongst the potential targets .
when the enemy shoots at a unit of night goblin netters randomise any hits [among/of] the potential targets .

Snotlings live around Orcs and Goblins , infesting their caves and huts , scavenging amongst their rubbish piles , and stealing anything they can get their hands on .
snotlings live around orcs and goblins , infesting their caves and huts , scavenging [among/of] their rubbish piles , and stealing anything they can get their hands on .

Stone Trolls live in the rocky regions of the Old World , amongst the mountains and craggy hills .
stone trolls live in the rocky regions of the old world , [among/of] the mountains and craggy hills .

They are also more reliable , and do n't fight amongst themselves like other Orcs and Goblins .
they are also more reliable , and do n't fight [among/of] themselves like other orcs and goblins .

When he finally got there , when he walked through the town , he sensed a tension amongst those who saw him .
when he finally got there , when he walked through the town , he sensed a tension [among/of] those who saw him .

Indeed , more than once the Lords of Ulthuan have made war amongst themselves or upon other races for some real or imagined slight , for though they are a noble people the High Elves can be cold and haughty , quick to anger and slow to forgive .
indeed , more than once the lords of ulthuan have made war [among/of] themselves or upon other races for some real or imagined slight , for though they are a noble people the high elves can be cold and haughty , quick to anger and slow to forgive .

The colour white signifies purity and death amongst High Elves , so the robes are a symbol of their unity and determination to fight to the death if necessary .
the colour white signifies purity and death [among/of] high elves , so the robes are a symbol of their unity and determination to fight to the death if necessary .

Protected by regiments of spearmen , High Elf archers are amongst of the most decisive troops in the army , unleashing deadly volleys of steel-fanged death upon their foes .
protected by regiments of spearmen , high elf archers are [among/of] of the most decisive troops in the army , unleashing deadly volleys of steel-fanged death upon their foes .

Many individuals of this sort are to be found amongst the nobility of Ulthuan .
many individuals of this sort are to be found [among/of] the nobility of ulthuan .

Protected by regiments of spearmen High Elf Archers are amongst of the most decisive troops in the army , unleashing deadly volleys of steel-fanged death upon their foes .
protected by regiments of spearmen high elf archers are [among/of] of the most decisive troops in the army , unleashing deadly volleys of steel-fanged death upon their foes .

This study set out to examine television coverage of a procession in Chicago in honour of General MacArthur , who had had a distinguished military career in the Far East , and to contrast television 's ‘ unique perspective ’ with the direct experiences of actual participants amongst the crowds .
this study set out to examine television coverage of a procession in chicago in honour of general macarthur , who had had a distinguished military career in the far east , and to contrast television 's ‘ unique perspective ’ with the direct experiences of actual participants [among/of] the crowds .

Those without economic or political power — the working class — are , therefore , excluded from sharing in , amongst other things , the economic wealth of a country .
those without economic or political power — the working class — are , therefore , excluded from sharing in , [among/of] other things , the economic wealth of a country .

Furthermore , the press is now only one medium amongst many .
furthermore , the press is now only one medium [among/of] many .

The sale of the Express Group by Fleet Holdings ( ex-Trafalgar House ) to United Newspapers in the mid-1980s , the sale of the Telegraph to the Canadian Conrad Black , the re-launch and closure of the Evening Standard ( 1987 ) , the launch and demise of the London Daily News and the purchase of Today by Murdoch ( 1987 ) amongst other recent changes , have all the appearances of companies engaging in long-term strategic planning rather than political machination on behalf of any specific political faction .
the sale of the express group by fleet holdings ( ex-trafalgar house ) to united newspapers in the mid-1980s , the sale of the telegraph to the canadian conrad black , the re-launch and closure of the evening standard ( 1987 ) , the launch and demise of the london daily news and the purchase of today by murdoch ( 1987 ) [among/of] other recent changes , have all the appearances of companies engaging in long-term strategic planning rather than political machination on behalf of any specific political faction .

In the first place all they would do would be to redistribute ownership ( probably ) amongst existing groups .
in the first place all they would do would be to redistribute ownership ( probably ) [among/of] existing groups .

Messrs Murdoch , Maxwell and Rowland , amongst others , are known to have attempted to exercise control over editorial content .
messrs murdoch , maxwell and rowland , [among/of] others , are known to have attempted to exercise control over editorial content .

During the ten or so years leading up to the inauguration of Channel Four in 1982 many proposals were considered but there seemed to be a degree of agreement amongst those favouring a novel form of organization that allocating the ‘ fourth channel ’ to the commercial sector would only
during the ten or so years leading up to the inauguration of channel four in 1982 many proposals were considered but there seemed to be a degree of agreement [among/of] those favouring a novel form of organization that allocating the ‘ fourth channel ’ to the commercial sector would only

There may well be differences of view amongst Board members on the matter of the type of person required and the future role .
there may well be differences of view [among/of] board members on the matter of the type of person required and the future role .

Theoretical ambition is perhaps less obvious amongst journalists and writers but , in a way , this is no less true of sociology , where a lengthy tradition and major career constraints keep most research and theory well apart .
theoretical ambition is perhaps less obvious [among/of] journalists and writers but , in a way , this is no less true of sociology , where a lengthy tradition and major career constraints keep most research and theory well apart .

As Roth ( 1974 ) points out , the notion that only professions have subcultures is negated by the ‘ distinct and pervasive patterns of occupational life ’ found amongst dockers , seamen , miners , etc .
as roth ( 1974 ) points out , the notion that only professions have subcultures is negated by the ‘ distinct and pervasive patterns of occupational life ’ found [among/of] dockers , seamen , miners , etc .

Drs Smith and Bothwell appeared to represent a minority view amongst our sample ; most of the respondents appealed to a different set of work orientations which emphasised personal involvement with patients ' problems , ‘ family doctoring ’ and continuity .
drs smith and bothwell appeared to represent a minority view [among/of] our sample ; most of the respondents appealed to a different set of work orientations which emphasised personal involvement with patients ' problems , ‘ family doctoring ’ and continuity .

Although the number of unrepresented defendants is reduced there is concern amongst practitioners that the quality of representation has suffered :
although the number of unrepresented defendants is reduced there is concern [among/of] practitioners that the quality of representation has suffered :

Psychobiology is characterized by our attempts to study the brain by correlating neural factors with behaviour , and there is genuine disagreement amongst researchers about how to study the behaviour itself .
psychobiology is characterized by our attempts to study the brain by correlating neural factors with behaviour , and there is genuine disagreement [among/of] researchers about how to study the behaviour itself .

The July 1979 package of reforms cleared several obstacles to ‘ direct relations ’ amongst enterprises ; it also gave teeth to a 1974 decree making delivery contracts binding .
the july 1979 package of reforms cleared several obstacles to ‘ direct relations ’ [among/of] enterprises ; it also gave teeth to a 1974 decree making delivery contracts binding .

But the more ‘ reformist ’ amongst the élite have either stopped short of introducing real market conditions ( Kosygin ) or have been oblivious to the need for them .
but the more ‘ reformist ’ [among/of] the élite have either stopped short of introducing real market conditions ( kosygin ) or have been oblivious to the need for them .

Whatever dread and resentment the Soviet regime inspires amongst its own population , that regime has solved the perennial problem of Russia 's vulnerability , and is seen to have done so by the common people of the land .
whatever dread and resentment the soviet regime inspires [among/of] its own population , that regime has solved the perennial problem of russia 's vulnerability , and is seen to have done so by the common people of the land .

Apart from the General Secretary , all authorities known to the author count amongst its permanent members the Minister of Defence ( Marshal Sergey Sokolov ) and the Chairman of the Council of Ministers ( Nikolay Ryzhkov ) .
apart from the general secretary , all authorities known to the author count [among/of] its permanent members the minister of defence ( marshal sergey sokolov ) and the chairman of the council of ministers ( nikolay ryzhkov ) .

This additional property , Minsky believes , could have a functional or evolutionary explanation , of the sort suggested for the property of modularity itself by Simon , in that the ‘ conscious ’ supreme organizing module would ipso facto be in a position to ‘ debug ’ or repair the connections of the lower modules amongst themselves or to itself .
this additional property , minsky believes , could have a functional or evolutionary explanation , of the sort suggested for the property of modularity itself by simon , in that the ‘ conscious ’ supreme organizing module would ipso facto be in a position to ‘ debug ’ or repair the connections of the lower modules [among/of] themselves or to itself .

The various clones weave amongst and intermingle with each other and amongst grasses and associated herbs .
the various clones weave [among/of] and intermingle with each other and [among/of] grasses and associated herbs .

Darwin commented on the growth of such plants and the ways in which they penetrate amongst other vegetation .
darwin commented on the growth of such plants and the ways in which they penetrate [among/of] other vegetation .

An attempt to catalogue and quantify these hazards in the field at Henfaes was made by Peters ( 1980 ) who included white clover amongst the species that he studied .
an attempt to catalogue and quantify these hazards in the field at henfaes was made by peters ( 1980 ) who included white clover [among/of] the species that he studied .

This orientation could signify confusion amongst the Emperor 's enemies .
this orientation could signify confusion [among/of] the emperor 's enemies .

The ruthless Inquisitor roared with laughter , steel teeth showing amongst his ivories .
the ruthless inquisitor roared with laughter , steel teeth showing [among/of] his ivories .

Before going amongst outlandish strangers , it may be sensible to camouflage oneself .
before going [among/of] outlandish strangers , it may be sensible to camouflage oneself .

Mary Midgley is alone amongst prominent liberationists in refusing to truckle to moral theories that , as she sees it , unduly promote one aspect of the problem ( consequences for the utilitarians , the value of life for Regan ) at the expense of others equally important :
mary midgley is alone [among/of] prominent liberationists in refusing to truckle to moral theories that , as she sees it , unduly promote one aspect of the problem ( consequences for the utilitarians , the value of life for regan ) at the expense of others equally important :

Stomach ulcers and other digestive disorders are rife and there is a high mortality rate amongst veal calves despite their brief lifetime .
stomach ulcers and other digestive disorders are rife and there is a high mortality rate [among/of] veal calves despite their brief lifetime .

Firstly , the researchers dispute amongst themselves over the value of experiments where animals need to be used .
firstly , the researchers dispute [among/of] themselves over the value of experiments where animals need to be used .

Meanwhile , in the rest of Polldubh , climbers can continue to get lost amongst the buttresses , trees and indistinct sheep paths that lead nowhere ( witness a recent new route-name — The Lost Fucawi Tribe ! )
meanwhile , in the rest of polldubh , climbers can continue to get lost [among/of] the buttresses , trees and indistinct sheep paths that lead nowhere ( witness a recent new route-name — the lost fucawi tribe ! )

Slowly , the fixed router has become a popular tool amongst tradesmen .
slowly , the fixed router has become a popular tool [among/of] tradesmen .

With Christmas coming up , there will be plenty of activity amongst knitters and needleworkers to create their own collections of gifts and toys for family , friends and charity events .
with christmas coming up , there will be plenty of activity [among/of] knitters and needleworkers to create their own collections of gifts and toys for family , friends and charity events .

Amongst the panda community there are many social hierarchies , subsequently when captive breeding takes place there can be no allowance made for this .
[among/of] the panda community there are many social hierarchies , subsequently when captive breeding takes place there can be no allowance made for this .

His own popularity had declined amongst the Chinese people and he was seen as too old and unwell for the job .
his own popularity had declined [among/of] the chinese people and he was seen as too old and unwell for the job .

The animated debate amongst students and intellectuals before the Seventh National People 's Congress in April indicated that the anti-bourgeois campaign of 1987 was over and that a renewed period of liberalisation was under way .
the animated debate [among/of] students and intellectuals before the seventh national people 's congress in april indicated that the anti-bourgeois campaign of 1987 was over and that a renewed period of liberalisation was under way .

Two hours before dawn , in the wavering beam of our torches , we followed their steps to the Flammes de Pierre and caught them , still cocooned amongst the rocks .
two hours before dawn , in the wavering beam of our torches , we followed their steps to the flammes de pierre and caught them , still cocooned [among/of] the rocks .

Not that he 's the only climber who appears to wish to play down the education aspects of his past — amongst many others with whom you can have sport in this manner are Stephen Venables ( Charterhouse ) , our own Tom Prentice at Climber ( Harrow ) , or even Ed himself ( Uppingham ) .
not that he 's the only climber who appears to wish to play down the education aspects of his past — [among/of] many others with whom you can have sport in this manner are stephen venables ( charterhouse ) , our own tom prentice at climber ( harrow ) , or even ed himself ( uppingham ) .

Child was unusual amongst philosophers proffering a critique of the sociology of knowledge in accepting limits to philosophical analysis that the sociology of knowledge has attempted to overcome :
child was unusual [among/of] philosophers proffering a critique of the sociology of knowledge in accepting limits to philosophical analysis that the sociology of knowledge has attempted to overcome :

This means that the ISAs are one of the sites of class struggle and although there is a continuity amongst the ISAs Althusser suggests that some are more dominating than others in the sense that they play a larger role in the reproduction of the relations of production .
this means that the isas are one of the sites of class struggle and although there is a continuity [among/of] the isas althusser suggests that some are more dominating than others in the sense that they play a larger role in the reproduction of the relations of production .

Although the link between signifier and signified is arbitrary , the relationships amongst signifiers and amongst signifieds are relationships of value :
although the link between signifier and signified is arbitrary , the relationships [among/of] signifiers and [among/of] signifieds are relationships of value :

She says that the shop can be a little bit difficult to find so , to make things easier and encourage more trade , Sue has produced a Newsletter which she has circulated amongst knitting clubs .
she says that the shop can be a little bit difficult to find so , to make things easier and encourage more trade , sue has produced a newsletter which she has circulated [among/of] knitting clubs .

Lexical links pose greater difficulties in implementation because of frequent ambiguity in finding the definition of a word amongst its many usages in a text .
lexical links pose greater difficulties in implementation because of frequent ambiguity in finding the definition of a word [among/of] its many usages in a text .

Airport roads are sometimes named in appropriate fashion , as at Luton where Percival products are the subject ( Proctor , Provost and Prentice Ways , amongst others ) .
airport roads are sometimes named in appropriate fashion , as at luton where percival products are the subject ( proctor , provost and prentice ways , [among/of] others ) .

the slope that the selected needles make amongst the holes of the background knitted stitches .
the slope that the selected needles make [among/of] the holes of the background knitted stitches .

Research amongst other knitters on my course bears out these findings and thus proves the theory !
research [among/of] other knitters on my course bears out these findings and thus proves the theory !

Amongst the other companies to have been privatised during the Conservative second term are Jaguar ( 1984 ) , British Airways ( 1987 ) and Rolls-Royce ( 1987 ) .
[among/of] the other companies to have been privatised during the conservative second term are jaguar ( 1984 ) , british airways ( 1987 ) and rolls-royce ( 1987 ) .

For the first two years in government we will concentrate resources on the essential tasks of combating unemployment and poverty … The spread of poverty in the eight years has strained the whole nation , and widened misery and disadvantage amongst the old and young .
for the first two years in government we will concentrate resources on the essential tasks of combating unemployment and poverty … the spread of poverty in the eight years has strained the whole nation , and widened misery and disadvantage [among/of] the old and young .

None of them talked to him though they chatted otherwise amongst themselves .
none of them talked to him though they chatted otherwise [among/of] themselves .

The one person amongst them who did n't move back was the young man with the whiskers and the private placard of his own .
the one person [among/of] them who did n't move back was the young man with the whiskers and the private placard of his own .

Simon , for all his shambling manner and muttered speech was a highly articulate young man and Markby had learned upon enquiry that he was the product of a minor public school — although it was doubtful whether the school would have cared to broadcast his presence amongst its alumni .
simon , for all his shambling manner and muttered speech was a highly articulate young man and markby had learned upon enquiry that he was the product of a minor public school — although it was doubtful whether the school would have cared to broadcast his presence [among/of] its alumni .

You could feel the dismay amongst the Leeds players and their fans as it thundered past John Lukic and into the back of the net , leaving them searching for three goals to progress in the competition .
you could feel the dismay [among/of] the leeds players and their fans as it thundered past john lukic and into the back of the net , leaving them searching for three goals to progress in the competition .

‘ South Africa must be worried how easily we did get through , and close to their line , because they know that Will Carling and Jeremy Guscott are amongst the quickest in the world .
‘ south africa must be worried how easily we did get through , and close to their line , because they know that will carling and jeremy guscott are [among/of] the quickest in the world .

‘ You are safe amongst friends .
‘ you are safe [among/of] friends .

So the concept of retirement is still comparatively new , particularly amongst the poor .
so the concept of retirement is still comparatively new , particularly [among/of] the poor .

Townsend ( 1979 ) found that the risks of poverty were highest amongst older people , particularly those over 75 years .
townsend ( 1979 ) found that the risks of poverty were highest [among/of] older people , particularly those over 75 years .

Gray ( 1982 ) has indicated that programmes of health education amongst older people ‘ can make a significant contribution to the promotion of a healthy life ’ .
gray ( 1982 ) has indicated that programmes of health education [among/of] older people ‘ can make a significant contribution to the promotion of a healthy life ’ .

The counsellor should first be alert to the possibility of heavy drinking amongst older people , and be aware that the symptoms of excessive drinking are often mistaken for signs of normal ageing .
the counsellor should first be alert to the possibility of heavy drinking [among/of] older people , and be aware that the symptoms of excessive drinking are often mistaken for signs of normal ageing .

Amongst the flowers that turn a very dark colour when pressed are deep red primulas and auriculas , as well as small orchids .
[among/of] the flowers that turn a very dark colour when pressed are deep red primulas and auriculas , as well as small orchids .

He sat amongst the pigs , so hungry that he was tempted to eat the pigs ' swill .
he sat [among/of] the pigs , so hungry that he was tempted to eat the pigs ' swill .

The practice of fasting had grown up amongst the Pharisees as a sign of their superiority .
the practice of fasting had grown up [among/of] the pharisees as a sign of their superiority .

As it squeaked past he darted out of his hiding place and leapt on to it , squeezing himself amongst the bottles .
as it squeaked past he darted out of his hiding place and leapt on to it , squeezing himself [among/of] the bottles .

There was a tiny sawing noise , totally unheard amongst the noise of the airport .
there was a tiny sawing noise , totally unheard [among/of] the noise of the airport .

Many diverse factors have been shown to have influenced the decision makers , amongst which public pacifism was of minor importance .
many diverse factors have been shown to have influenced the decision makers , [among/of] which public pacifism was of minor importance .

‘ If we had shown any form at all outside Anfield we would be up amongst the leaders .
‘ if we had shown any form at all outside anfield we would be up [among/of] the leaders .

Not necessarily for what he did on the pitch , although the trickery and goals certainly helped but more importantly the presence of the man , and excitement he inspired amongst his colleagues .
not necessarily for what he did on the pitch , although the trickery and goals certainly helped but more importantly the presence of the man , and excitement he inspired [among/of] his colleagues .

Illert , through his research , is now in a position to rigorously describe the shapes of past , present and future shell forms , and as sea shells are amongst the best preserved of all fossils , we have a progression throughout the entire fossil record from the Pre-Cambrian era right up to the present day . It is now possible to study not only the direction but also the rate of shell evolution at an interspecies level over the entire history of the Earth !
illert , through his research , is now in a position to rigorously describe the shapes of past , present and future shell forms , and as sea shells are [among/of] the best preserved of all fossils , we have a progression throughout the entire fossil record from the pre-cambrian era right up to the present day . it is now possible to study not only the direction but also the rate of shell evolution at an interspecies level over the entire history of the earth !

This photo is considered to be evidence in support of the Unified Field Theory , which Einstein , amongst others , believed to be the basis of the physical universe .
this photo is considered to be evidence in support of the unified field theory , which einstein , [among/of] others , believed to be the basis of the physical universe .

’ Additionally , hogsheads were placed at various points , around which the bullards could manoeuvre and George Burton claims that ‘ It is notorious that the Stamford Bullards were amongst the most courageous men to be found in the country .
’ additionally , hogsheads were placed at various points , around which the bullards could manoeuvre and george burton claims that ‘ it is notorious that the stamford bullards were [among/of] the most courageous men to be found in the country .

The tail of the bull has become a contentious issue amongst geomantic experts .
the tail of the bull has become a contentious issue [among/of] geomantic experts .

The week which followed was amongst the most lonely of Ruth 's life .
the week which followed was [among/of] the most lonely of ruth 's life .

And Dick 's face was amongst them .
and dick 's face was [among/of] them .

But in between these two groups ( and ironically double Provincial Insurance Cup champions of the last two years , Bradford Salem , are amongst them ) there rest 47 Yorkshire clubs who have no opportunity , although competing in the Courage Leagues , of entering a national knock-out competition , because the qualifying regulations for the two existing competitions do not encompass them .
but in between these two groups ( and ironically double provincial insurance cup champions of the last two years , bradford salem , are [among/of] them ) there rest 47 yorkshire clubs who have no opportunity , although competing in the courage leagues , of entering a national knock-out competition , because the qualifying regulations for the two existing competitions do not encompass them .

In an in-depth feature on the Italian scene next month both Botha and Campese — rumoured to be amongst the best paid of the legion of ‘ stranieri ’ in Italy — talk about what Italy holds for them and tackle head-on the issue of pay-for-play .
in an in-depth feature on the italian scene next month both botha and campese — rumoured to be [among/of] the best paid of the legion of ‘ stranieri ’ in italy — talk about what italy holds for them and tackle head-on the issue of pay-for-play .

In fact there is only one real rogue amongst the package .
in fact there is only one real rogue [among/of] the package .

Amongst those who did not do duty in this year 's championship are Phil Davies ( standing down as Llanelli skipper after a highly successful five year run ; reverting to the second row and declaring his intention to challenge for a place in the Lions party in that position — remember the trouble he gave Paul Ackford when Wales last beat England in 1989 ) ; David Bryant ( controversially appointed a youthful pack leader in his first season in international rugby under the John Ryan regime , now recovered from a debilitating period of illness ) ; Andy Allen ( the front jumper was capped out of Newbridge in 1990 , subsequently becoming yet another moving down the valley to Newport ) ; Aled Williams ( one cap as a replacement wing in Namibia in 1990 , when a Bridgend player , but increasingly favoured by many to join Robert Jones in forming a club halfback partnership ) .
[among/of] those who did not do duty in this year 's championship are phil davies ( standing down as llanelli skipper after a highly successful five year run ; reverting to the second row and declaring his intention to challenge for a place in the lions party in that position — remember the trouble he gave paul ackford when wales last beat england in 1989 ) ; david bryant ( controversially appointed a youthful pack leader in his first season in international rugby under the john ryan regime , now recovered from a debilitating period of illness ) ; andy allen ( the front jumper was capped out of newbridge in 1990 , subsequently becoming yet another moving down the valley to newport ) ; aled williams ( one cap as a replacement wing in namibia in 1990 , when a bridgend player , but increasingly favoured by many to join robert jones in forming a club halfback partnership ) .

Amongst the newcomers are Llanelli 's Wayne Proctor and Swansea 's Simon Davies , both wings ( a position short of challengers recently ) , hooker Nigel Meek from Pontypool ( who has made the most of Garin Jenkins ’ move to Swansea ) , second row Paul Kawulok ( another who took the Hall and Griffiths trail from Bridgend to Cardiff ) and two sons of famous fathers , Richard Shaw ( Bridgend ) and Scott Quinnell ( Llanelli ) ; scions of Glyn and Derek respectively .
[among/of] the newcomers are llanelli 's wayne proctor and swansea 's simon davies , both wings ( a position short of challengers recently ) , hooker nigel meek from pontypool ( who has made the most of garin jenkins ’ move to swansea ) , second row paul kawulok ( another who took the hall and griffiths trail from bridgend to cardiff ) and two sons of famous fathers , richard shaw ( bridgend ) and scott quinnell ( llanelli ) ; scions of glyn and derek respectively .

It was already deep in debt , after repeated maladministration and corruption amongst its earlier inmates , and Wolsey seized it in 1525 .
it was already deep in debt , after repeated maladministration and corruption [among/of] its earlier inmates , and wolsey seized it in 1525 .

The support he found amongst gentry and townsmen in eastern Sussex was not yet strong enough to guarantee victory .
the support he found [among/of] gentry and townsmen in eastern sussex was not yet strong enough to guarantee victory .

Conduct at the round of balls and concerts was highly regulated by a master of ceremonies , the fashionable chapels were packed by elegant preachers , quieter walks could be had amongst the groves of Queens Park , opened in 1829 .
conduct at the round of balls and concerts was highly regulated by a master of ceremonies , the fashionable chapels were packed by elegant preachers , quieter walks could be had [among/of] the groves of queens park , opened in 1829 .

The county had the highest poor rates in England , the highest per capita expenditure and the lowest proportion of aged and infirm amongst its paupers .
the county had the highest poor rates in england , the highest per capita expenditure and the lowest proportion of aged and infirm [among/of] its paupers .

‘ Moreover , the bishop has a proven record of outstanding pastoral work , particularly amongst young people , ’ he said .
‘ moreover , the bishop has a proven record of outstanding pastoral work , particularly [among/of] young people , ’ he said .

‘ The work of the diocese will go on and we look forward to the time when he can be back with us and working amongst us again . ’
‘ the work of the diocese will go on and we look forward to the time when he can be back with us and working [among/of] us again . ’

And that should give us food for thought ; while his uncle William in Frome , amongst others , was receiving poor relief at the rate of between 1s .
and that should give us food for thought ; while his uncle william in frome , [among/of] others , was receiving poor relief at the rate of between 1s .

— reveal the extent to which immigrants into the area consisted not only of young lads up from Somerset , but included , amongst others , Jewish families for whom East London would be a place of shelter , away from persecution elsewhere .
— reveal the extent to which immigrants into the area consisted not only of young lads up from somerset , but included , [among/of] others , jewish families for whom east london would be a place of shelter , away from persecution elsewhere .

Chief amongst these would be the photographs which could be displayed in ornate frames for all to see , or tucked away more discreetly in leather-bound , gilt-edged albums .
chief [among/of] these would be the photographs which could be displayed in ornate frames for all to see , or tucked away more discreetly in leather-bound , gilt-edged albums .

He said the Government had failed to understand the depth of feeling amongst unionists , especially as they had to share the council chamber with Sinn Fein .
he said the government had failed to understand the depth of feeling [among/of] unionists , especially as they had to share the council chamber with sinn fein .

Indeed , to the extent that the Faculty raises standards of knowledge amongst chartered accountants who practise taxation , its advent is to be positively welcomed .
indeed , to the extent that the faculty raises standards of knowledge [among/of] chartered accountants who practise taxation , its advent is to be positively welcomed .

However , these state lawyers tend in many cases to be the newest and very often amongst the least experienced in the profession .
however , these state lawyers tend in many cases to be the newest and very often [among/of] the least experienced in the profession .

The wind carried the tang of burning timber from an almost spent bonfire set amongst the caravans ; that , and the smell of rancid fat .
the wind carried the tang of burning timber from an almost spent bonfire set [among/of] the caravans ; that , and the smell of rancid fat .

There were those amongst his small circle of intimates who said it would be his undoing , but they or their predecessors had been prophesying the same for three decades , and Klein had out-prospered every one of them .
there were those [among/of] his small circle of intimates who said it would be his undoing , but they or their predecessors had been prophesying the same for three decades , and klein had out-prospered every one of them .

The plans for that ceremony had been laid here , at number twenty-eight Gamut Street , and the mystif , amongst others , had been there to witness the preparations .
the plans for that ceremony had been laid here , at number twenty-eight gamut street , and the mystif , [among/of] others , had been there to witness the preparations .

There was no passion amongst them now , nor more than a vague comprehension of Roxborough 's purpose in forming what he 'd called the Society of the Tabula Rasa , or the Clean Slate .
there was no passion [among/of] them now , nor more than a vague comprehension of roxborough 's purpose in forming what he 'd called the society of the tabula rasa , or the clean slate .

Dowd shivered with unease as he stood in the plain hallway of the Tower , knowing that somewhere nearby was the largest collection of magical writings gathered in one place outside the Vatican , and that amongst them would be many rituals for the raising and dispatching of creatures like himself .
dowd shivered with unease as he stood in the plain hallway of the tower , knowing that somewhere nearby was the largest collection of magical writings gathered in one place outside the vatican , and that [among/of] them would be many rituals for the raising and dispatching of creatures like himself .

There was not one face amongst them that would have been known by the populace at large .
there was not one face [among/of] them that would have been known by the populace at large .

Though she 'd heard that victims of attack often suffered from delayed repercussions — depression and sleeplessness amongst them — neither had struck her yet .
though she 'd heard that victims of attack often suffered from delayed repercussions — depression and sleeplessness [among/of] them — neither had struck her yet .

He locked the door of his treasure room , sat down amongst his collection , and waited for inspiration .
he locked the door of his treasure room , sat down [among/of] his collection , and waited for inspiration .

Hence Hoi-Polloi , for instance ; this one of the less strange namings amongst the thousands Godolphin had encountered .
hence hoi-polloi , for instance ; this one of the less strange namings [among/of] the thousands godolphin had encountered .

But amongst the fakes , obsessives and lunatics , was there perhaps a man who instinctively knew the route to the Imajica ?
but [among/of] the fakes , obsessives and lunatics , was there perhaps a man who instinctively knew the route to the imajica ?

Very soon , he knew , he would have to choose sides , and despite the success of tonight 's endeavour , and the security he 'd won with it , he was by no means sure that he belonged amongst the ranks of the purgers , even though they were certain to carry the day .
very soon , he knew , he would have to choose sides , and despite the success of tonight 's endeavour , and the security he 'd won with it , he was by no means sure that he belonged [among/of] the ranks of the purgers , even though they were certain to carry the day .

The even more extraordinary notion , that clients ' opinions could be used to reshape social work practice into a more effective intervention , and that social policy itself could be responsive to the views of its recipients , has taken even longer to achieve respectability amongst social commentators .
the even more extraordinary notion , that clients ' opinions could be used to reshape social work practice into a more effective intervention , and that social policy itself could be responsive to the views of its recipients , has taken even longer to achieve respectability [among/of] social commentators .

, 1985 ) , as if their underlying assumptions were in line with the principles of normalisation , highlights the apparent feeling amongst professionals that all that is necessary is to change the name and call what they are doing ‘ normalisation ’ and all will be well .
, 1985 ) , as if their underlying assumptions were in line with the principles of normalisation , highlights the apparent feeling [among/of] professionals that all that is necessary is to change the name and call what they are doing ‘ normalisation ’ and all will be well .

Young people approaching the age when they would no longer be the formal responsibility of the local authorities became the primary consumers of residential care for several reasons : first , many had been placed with a family and temporary readmission to residential care was needed when such placements broke down ; second , some did not wish to join a new family and preferred group living amongst other young people and appointed caregivers ; and third , some were admitted to a residential setting for help with specific problems or as part of a strategy to prepare them for independent living .
young people approaching the age when they would no longer be the formal responsibility of the local authorities became the primary consumers of residential care for several reasons : first , many had been placed with a family and temporary readmission to residential care was needed when such placements broke down ; second , some did not wish to join a new family and preferred group living [among/of] other young people and appointed caregivers ; and third , some were admitted to a residential setting for help with specific problems or as part of a strategy to prepare them for independent living .

By today 's standards , autochromes were not wholly accurate in colour , but they were extremely beautiful , with an impressionistic feel that found favour particularly amongst those with leanings towards ‘ art ’ .
by today 's standards , autochromes were not wholly accurate in colour , but they were extremely beautiful , with an impressionistic feel that found favour particularly [among/of] those with leanings towards ‘ art ’ .

‘ Who pays for what ’ often results in essential facilities or care being postponed or withheld indefinitely whilst the ‘ professionals ’ argue the case amongst themselves .
‘ who pays for what ’ often results in essential facilities or care being postponed or withheld indefinitely whilst the ‘ professionals ’ argue the case [among/of] themselves .

They want an atmosphere of goodwill amongst colleagues and to have harmonious working relationships even with people with whom they disagree .
they want an atmosphere of goodwill [among/of] colleagues and to have harmonious working relationships even with people with whom they disagree .

There are the careerists amongst the senior management of the school , some of whom will seem to have ‘ sold out to the system ’ : to affect a philosophy in so far as it looks in their own interests to do so , to have become executives and to have lost touch with the pupils .
there are the careerists [among/of] the senior management of the school , some of whom will seem to have ‘ sold out to the system ’ : to affect a philosophy in so far as it looks in their own interests to do so , to have become executives and to have lost touch with the pupils .

You 've a beautiful neck — amongst other things .
you 've a beautiful neck — [among/of] other things .

As the names suggest , these are strong bright ‘ sweetie ’ colours which team up well with the casual accessories and jeans which are so popular amongst the younger generation .
as the names suggest , these are strong bright ‘ sweetie ’ colours which team up well with the casual accessories and jeans which are so popular [among/of] the younger generation .

The collection initially created interest amongst members of knitting clubs — Roz always took the garments to illustrate her knitwear ‘ talks ’ and was encouraged to publish the patterns .
the collection initially created interest [among/of] members of knitting clubs — roz always took the garments to illustrate her knitwear ‘ talks ’ and was encouraged to publish the patterns .

Amongst the early pieces is a two-handled cup by Claude Payan , 1686 ( est .
[among/of] the early pieces is a two-handled cup by claude payan , 1686 ( est .

They had been recruited earlier on in the day after having been spotted out amongst all the mud , pulling shapes .
they had been recruited earlier on in the day after having been spotted out [among/of] all the mud , pulling shapes .

The quietly-spoken , 42-year-old director of Mona Lisa and The Crying Game , amongst others , is one of the most accommodating interviewees it 's possible to imagine , seeming to feel under sentence to talk until someone makes his stop .
the quietly-spoken , 42-year-old director of mona lisa and the crying game , [among/of] others , is one of the most accommodating interviewees it 's possible to imagine , seeming to feel under sentence to talk until someone makes his stop .

The collection 's freshest , best piece ( the aforementioned ‘ Stop Me ’ ) is a surreal challenge directed by Tim Broad to spot the real Moz amongst the clones ( a game you can amuse yourself with at most Moz gigs , incidentally ) .
the collection 's freshest , best piece ( the aforementioned ‘ stop me ’ ) is a surreal challenge directed by tim broad to spot the real moz [among/of] the clones ( a game you can amuse yourself with at most moz gigs , incidentally ) .

And then came a knight in tarnished armour , a veritable giant amongst singer-songwriters from Barking .
and then came a knight in tarnished armour , a veritable giant [among/of] singer-songwriters from barking .

Amongst elderly women , there has also been a decrease in activity rates , but it is much less pronounced .
[among/of] elderly women , there has also been a decrease in activity rates , but it is much less pronounced .

While married couples are the most common type amongst the under 75s , women alone are the most common type of household among the over-75 age-group .
while married couples are the most common type [among/of] the under 75s , women alone are the most common type of household among the over-75 age-group .

Unemployment levels amongst school-leavers are such that many of the casual and part-time jobs once filled by those of retirement age are now being taken by young people .
unemployment levels [among/of] school-leavers are such that many of the casual and part-time jobs once filled by those of retirement age are now being taken by young people .

In addition to the competing 23 national ( plus Barbarian ) teams having an appropriate will to win , there exuded a true rugby camaraderie from amongst the players of a kind that other global rugby events have failed to match .
in addition to the competing 23 national ( plus barbarian ) teams having an appropriate will to win , there exuded a true rugby camaraderie from [among/of] the players of a kind that other global rugby events have failed to match .

Ireland 's playing pool is small because , amongst the team sports , rugby ranks a distant fourth behind gaelic football , hurling and soccer .
ireland 's playing pool is small because , [among/of] the team sports , rugby ranks a distant fourth behind gaelic football , hurling and soccer .

But Llanelli must be favourites to reach another final because they have so much talent amongst their backs , especially in Ieuan Evans and Nigel Davies .
but llanelli must be favourites to reach another final because they have so much talent [among/of] their backs , especially in ieuan evans and nigel davies .

This is not intended to demean in any way the at times very fine lithographs that Redon produced , but rather to imply that they are directly connected in his mind to the literary and visual sources that interested him , including Edgar Allan Poe , Charles Baudelaire , Gustave Flaubert , Stephane Mallarmé , and Goya amongst others .
this is not intended to demean in any way the at times very fine lithographs that redon produced , but rather to imply that they are directly connected in his mind to the literary and visual sources that interested him , including edgar allan poe , charles baudelaire , gustave flaubert , stephane mallarmé , and goya [among/of] others .

The sight of this train-set was greeted with much pleasure amongst the huge audience .
the sight of this train-set was greeted with much pleasure [among/of] the huge audience .

May : Railcar No. 16 at Donegal Station : June : ‘ Meenglas ’ and ‘ Columcille ’ standing amongst the weeds at Strabane , 1964 : July : Trailer No. 2 and Van No. 12 being turned on the turntable at Killybegs : August : 1958 view of Strabane looking northwards showing the track layout and rolling stock there : September : Loco No. 3 ( Lydia ) receiving attention at Strabane : October : Railcar No. 14 at Strabane : November : ‘ Columcille ’ shunting coaching stock at Strabane : December : Articulated railcar No. 19 standing outside the overall roof of Killybegs Station .
may : railcar no. 16 at donegal station : june : ‘ meenglas ’ and ‘ columcille ’ standing [among/of] the weeds at strabane , 1964 : july : trailer no. 2 and van no. 12 being turned on the turntable at killybegs : august : 1958 view of strabane looking northwards showing the track layout and rolling stock there : september : loco no. 3 ( lydia ) receiving attention at strabane : october : railcar no. 14 at strabane : november : ‘ columcille ’ shunting coaching stock at strabane : december : articulated railcar no. 19 standing outside the overall roof of killybegs station .

Following this there was considerable despondency amongst the committee as there seemed to be little hope for the future .
following this there was considerable despondency [among/of] the committee as there seemed to be little hope for the future .

It was the same story on the 30th and frustration mounted amongst the crews , by the end of June Ramsay had flown 18 operations and had become well established on the Squadron as one of the most accurate navigators .
it was the same story on the 30th and frustration mounted [among/of] the crews , by the end of june ramsay had flown 18 operations and had become well established on the squadron as one of the most accurate navigators .

June 's Type Report ( p65 ) dealt with , amongst other things Catline house-boats .
june 's type report ( p65 ) dealt with , [among/of] other things catline house-boats .

Amongst those few who knew Zulfiqar Khan , and what work he did , news of his killing spread fast .
[among/of] those few who knew zulfiqar khan , and what work he did , news of his killing spread fast .

News of Dr Khan 's murder had eddied amongst the foreign specialists on the project .
news of dr khan 's murder had eddied [among/of] the foreign specialists on the project .

His car was mud-splattered , parked amongst the jeeps and armoured personnel carriers , a hundred yards from the helicopter pad .
his car was mud-splattered , parked [among/of] the jeeps and armoured personnel carriers , a hundred yards from the helicopter pad .

It was well known amongst that elite of which he was a part that the Chairman detested news of crisis .
it was well known [among/of] that elite of which he was a part that the chairman detested news of crisis .

‘ The Zionists murdered Professor Khan , they sent a letter bomb , simply to create an atmosphere of terror amongst the foreign nationals employed by me . ’
‘ the zionists murdered professor khan , they sent a letter bomb , simply to create an atmosphere of terror [among/of] the foreign nationals employed by me . ’

After the class they treated themselves to lunch , cold poached salmon the first day and the best cut of cold beef the next , and wine to go with it , and a raffle amongst the six of them for a bottle .
after the class they treated themselves to lunch , cold poached salmon the first day and the best cut of cold beef the next , and wine to go with it , and a raffle [among/of] the six of them for a bottle .

Ducks are amongst the most popular birds ; not least because of their amusing gait on land and for their grace in the water .
ducks are [among/of] the most popular birds ; not least because of their amusing gait on land and for their grace in the water .

Prettiest amongst these must be the gulls and terns .
prettiest [among/of] these must be the gulls and terns .

Soutine and Van Gogh are amongst those well-known artists who epitomise a resilience , passion and selfless devotion to their work .
soutine and van gogh are [among/of] those well-known artists who epitomise a resilience , passion and selfless devotion to their work .

We gear up amongst the debris of ascents earlier in the week , thankful that we 're first to the route today .
we gear up [among/of] the debris of ascents earlier in the week , thankful that we 're first to the route today .

Despite the mixed views on the issue , there does appear to be a consensus amongst a wide range of climbers that modern standards and trends now require at least an extension of the current system .
despite the mixed views on the issue , there does appear to be a consensus [among/of] a wide range of climbers that modern standards and trends now require at least an extension of the current system .

This tendency was not unchallenged amongst Quakers but its impact was substantial , perhaps predominant , in the Yearly Meeting by the later 1820s .
this tendency was not unchallenged [among/of] quakers but its impact was substantial , perhaps predominant , in the yearly meeting by the later 1820s .

Slaveholders fostered misery amongst their slaves ; they clearly did not act upon the precept of loving their neighbours .
slaveholders fostered misery [among/of] their slaves ; they clearly did not act upon the precept of loving their neighbours .

Unitarian tendencies were found amongst some Quakers in both England and Ireland in these years and the Liverpool abolitionist William Rathbone 's sympathetic treatment of them led to his disownment by the Friends and the passage of his family to Unitarianism .
unitarian tendencies were found [among/of] some quakers in both england and ireland in these years and the liverpool abolitionist william rathbone 's sympathetic treatment of them led to his disownment by the friends and the passage of his family to unitarianism .

They acknowledged that if emancipation were eventually to come it would require the moral progress and demographic increase consequent upon a conscious policy of a more equal sex ratio amongst slaves ; education and religious instruction ; the reorganisation of the work of the slaves to provide a progressive increase in the time devoted to autonomous labour from which earnings could be directed to self-purchase ; possibly too recognition of obligations to the former master even after the date of legal emancipation .
they acknowledged that if emancipation were eventually to come it would require the moral progress and demographic increase consequent upon a conscious policy of a more equal sex ratio [among/of] slaves ; education and religious instruction ; the reorganisation of the work of the slaves to provide a progressive increase in the time devoted to autonomous labour from which earnings could be directed to self-purchase ; possibly too recognition of obligations to the former master even after the date of legal emancipation .

The necessary correlative , particularly amongst liberals , before and during the wars was caution about threatening the social order ; it would also mark a form of corruption in the Christian dynamic of antislavery .
the necessary correlative , particularly [among/of] liberals , before and during the wars was caution about threatening the social order ; it would also mark a form of corruption in the christian dynamic of antislavery .

The rhetoric of cruelty and inhumanity in 1792 , and more clearly in 1806 , aroused ambivalence as to its persuasive effect in parliament , even amongst some abolitionists , because they feared the impact of ‘ enthusiasm ’ upon their colleagues .
the rhetoric of cruelty and inhumanity in 1792 , and more clearly in 1806 , aroused ambivalence as to its persuasive effect in parliament , even [among/of] some abolitionists , because they feared the impact of ‘ enthusiasm ’ upon their colleagues .

These calculations account for the enthusiasm with which some reformers embraced and recommended models for the development of self-regulation amongst slaves .
these calculations account for the enthusiasm with which some reformers embraced and recommended models for the development of self-regulation [among/of] slaves .

He and his later antislavery advocates argued that the results demonstrated the greater efficiency of the work done — a genuine experiment because the whip had previously been removed from overseers and offences amongst the slaves dealt with by a jury of elders amongst the slaves themselves .
he and his later antislavery advocates argued that the results demonstrated the greater efficiency of the work done — a genuine experiment because the whip had previously been removed from overseers and offences [among/of] the slaves dealt with by a jury of elders [among/of] the slaves themselves .

Ultimately Steele divided land amongst his slaves for which they paid rent ; they received wages for other work .
ultimately steele divided land [among/of] his slaves for which they paid rent ; they received wages for other work .

By the early 1820s conviction grew amongst reformers that it was not .
by the early 1820s conviction grew [among/of] reformers that it was not .

But it was in Cropper 's and Roscoe 's home town amongst liberal men of religion that agitation of the economic arguments had first substantially begun .
but it was in cropper 's and roscoe 's home town [among/of] liberal men of religion that agitation of the economic arguments had first substantially begun .

These convictions had become sufficiently general amongst antislavery reformers by the mid-1820s that local associations in , for example , Norwich , Beverley , Hull and Whitby all dismissed comprehensively the argument in Cobbett 's Register and Blackwood 's that labourers in Britain suffered worse material conditions than West Indian slaves .
these convictions had become sufficiently general [among/of] antislavery reformers by the mid-1820s that local associations in , for example , norwich , beverley , hull and whitby all dismissed comprehensively the argument in cobbett 's register and blackwood 's that labourers in britain suffered worse material conditions than west indian slaves .

Doubt that the West Indians would do much was widespread amongst parliamentary abolitionists before the experiment even began .
doubt that the west indians would do much was widespread [among/of] parliamentary abolitionists before the experiment even began .

Historians of publishing have also detected some tendency towards specialisation amongst publishers by the 1780s and 1790s and this may have helped the appearance of antislavery writing .
historians of publishing have also detected some tendency towards specialisation [among/of] publishers by the 1780s and 1790s and this may have helped the appearance of antislavery writing .

Emancipation brought the apprenticeship system in the majority of the West Indian territories but , until its operation began to cause ripples of concern in 1835 , a mood of satisfaction prevailed amongst many reformers .
emancipation brought the apprenticeship system in the majority of the west indian territories but , until its operation began to cause ripples of concern in 1835 , a mood of satisfaction prevailed [among/of] many reformers .

As in the aftermath of abolition there were signs of a consolidationist ’ outlook at least amongst some of the older generation of reformers and those parliamentarians like Buxton who felt bound to support the legislative compromise solution of 1833 .
as in the aftermath of abolition there were signs of a consolidationist ’ outlook at least [among/of] some of the older generation of reformers and those parliamentarians like buxton who felt bound to support the legislative compromise solution of 1833 .

’ The unqualified use of the public meeting in the later stages of the emancipation campaign was the product both of an urgency amongst primarily a younger generation of abolitionists and a changed political context .
’ the unqualified use of the public meeting in the later stages of the emancipation campaign was the product both of an urgency [among/of] primarily a younger generation of abolitionists and a changed political context .

The term ‘ antislavery ’ is itself deceptive ; the 1814 campaign was against allowing a defeated enemy to reopen a cruel trade which the British were proud of having ended amongst their own fellow-countrymen .
the term ‘ antislavery ’ is itself deceptive ; the 1814 campaign was against allowing a defeated enemy to reopen a cruel trade which the british were proud of having ended [among/of] their own fellow-countrymen .

Both in 1780 when a divergence between metropolitan radicals and Wyvill 's gentry in the county associations was evident and in 1793–4 with the calling of a British and then an English Convention , the contradictory potentialities of the convention were part of the substance of debate amongst participants .
both in 1780 when a divergence between metropolitan radicals and wyvill 's gentry in the county associations was evident and in 1793–4 with the calling of a british and then an english convention , the contradictory potentialities of the convention were part of the substance of debate [among/of] participants .

Stanley 's government proposals on emancipation in mid-May provoked hostility amongst delegates on the grounds of compensation and the apprenticeship scheme .
stanley 's government proposals on emancipation in mid-may provoked hostility [among/of] delegates on the grounds of compensation and the apprenticeship scheme .

Divisions amongst delegates appeared over Buxton 's stance ; the anger and the grounds for it amongst many provincial militants were clear in the report back to a meeting of the Birmingham Anti-Slavery Society .
divisions [among/of] delegates appeared over buxton 's stance ; the anger and the grounds for it [among/of] many provincial militants were clear in the report back to a meeting of the birmingham anti-slavery society .

Even then the older amongst them could look back to the early 1790s when debate about , and the practice of , abstention from slave-grown colonial sugar was claimed by Clarkson to have drawn in about 300,000 families .
even then the older [among/of] them could look back to the early 1790s when debate about , and the practice of , abstention from slave-grown colonial sugar was claimed by clarkson to have drawn in about 300,000 families .

Antislavery thus had a further institutional base but it was thereby also vulnerable as regards united action to the outbreak of warfare amongst religious parties .
antislavery thus had a further institutional base but it was thereby also vulnerable as regards united action to the outbreak of warfare [among/of] religious parties .

Amongst Unitarian abolitionists an emotional quality in antislavery commitment was also present but it may often have had different origins from the antislavery of Evangelicals and Quakers .
[among/of] unitarian abolitionists an emotional quality in antislavery commitment was also present but it may often have had different origins from the antislavery of evangelicals and quakers .

Older , Clapham Sect- Christian Observer evangelicals who had always believed in the necessity of good deeds in the world for forming the true Christian heart , increasingly in the 1820s and 1830s regretted amongst younger ‘ ranters and ‘ noisy professors ’ , followers of the histrionic Edward Irving , a relative complacency about public activity beyond the conversion of individual souls .
older , clapham sect- christian observer evangelicals who had always believed in the necessity of good deeds in the world for forming the true christian heart , increasingly in the 1820s and 1830s regretted [among/of] younger ‘ ranters and ‘ noisy professors ’ , followers of the histrionic edward irving , a relative complacency about public activity beyond the conversion of individual souls .

An aroused evangelical nonconformity , however , in turn alarmed and alienated many of the religious liberals amongst the Unitarians and those Friends resistant to enhanced religious authority through creed , and in the office of ministers as a result of evangelical tendencies in their own Society .
an aroused evangelical nonconformity , however , in turn alarmed and alienated many of the religious liberals [among/of] the unitarians and those friends resistant to enhanced religious authority through creed , and in the office of ministers as a result of evangelical tendencies in their own society .

They were not only evidence of disagreement amongst abolitionists but perceived by contemporaries to have different religious and political characteristics .
they were not only evidence of disagreement [among/of] abolitionists but perceived by contemporaries to have different religious and political characteristics .

The reawakening of interest in slavery prompted by Mrs Stowe 's writing and her visit to Britain thus encouraged some co-operation , or at least recognition that parallel action based on elements of agreement was taking place amongst different groups of abolitionists .
the reawakening of interest in slavery prompted by mrs stowe 's writing and her visit to britain thus encouraged some co-operation , or at least recognition that parallel action based on elements of agreement was taking place [among/of] different groups of abolitionists .

There are a few exceptions amongst the sea slugs which are herbivorous belonging to the Aplysia family and commonly called sea hares .
there are a few exceptions [among/of] the sea slugs which are herbivorous belonging to the aplysia family and commonly called sea hares .

Examples can be found amongst the cowries including the Indo Pacific Egg Cowrie ( Ovulum ovum ) which feed upon soft corals especially leather corals ( Sarcophyton species ) and the Caribbean Flamingo Tongue Cowrie ( Cyphoma gibbosum ) which has adapted to feeding on sea fans and sea whips .
examples can be found [among/of] the cowries including the indo pacific egg cowrie ( ovulum ovum ) which feed upon soft corals especially leather corals ( sarcophyton species ) and the caribbean flamingo tongue cowrie ( cyphoma gibbosum ) which has adapted to feeding on sea fans and sea whips .

This victory was to delight the masses just as it brought little pleasure to the newly energized forces of the political left , but , just as significantly , it was now also an occasional delight to a growing audience drawn from amongst critics , intellectuals , and the more respectable classes generally .
this victory was to delight the masses just as it brought little pleasure to the newly energized forces of the political left , but , just as significantly , it was now also an occasional delight to a growing audience drawn from [among/of] critics , intellectuals , and the more respectable classes generally .

In the midst of despair the movie producers drifted amongst other things into a new realism .
in the midst of despair the movie producers drifted [among/of] other things into a new realism .

Ali proved a personal focus for his movements and the Nation of Islam became a forceful agent of cultural change amongst blacks , offering , through the leader Elijah Muhammad , a reassertion of the lost culture of black people with the creation of separate hospitals , schools , farms and industries .
ali proved a personal focus for his movements and the nation of islam became a forceful agent of cultural change [among/of] blacks , offering , through the leader elijah muhammad , a reassertion of the lost culture of black people with the creation of separate hospitals , schools , farms and industries .

There was n't prejudice amongst the public then 'cause there was only a handful of coloured here , anyway .
there was n't prejudice [among/of] the public then 'cause there was only a handful of coloured here , anyway .

Even today , these types of explanation are prevalent amongst sporting communities .
even today , these types of explanation are prevalent [among/of] sporting communities .

Overall , the view that blacks ' success in certain sports is not chiselled out of hard work , determination and perseverance , but out of a somewhat intangible capacity called ‘ natural ability ’ holds sway amongst coaches , managers and even amongst athletes themselves .
overall , the view that blacks ' success in certain sports is not chiselled out of hard work , determination and perseverance , but out of a somewhat intangible capacity called ‘ natural ability ’ holds sway [among/of] coaches , managers and even [among/of] athletes themselves .

Malina looks at the ways in which black youths in elementary schools seem to possess different basic motor skills to whites : they can , amongst other things , run quicker , jump longer and grip stronger .
malina looks at the ways in which black youths in elementary schools seem to possess different basic motor skills to whites : they can , [among/of] other things , run quicker , jump longer and grip stronger .

Some black athletes do look alike and have similar builds , but there is also much physical diversity amongst them and between them and whites .
some black athletes do look alike and have similar builds , but there is also much physical diversity [among/of] them and between them and whites .

What are the salient physical diversities amongst them and between them and whites ?
what are the salient physical diversities [among/of] them and between them and whites ?

This type of view is very prevalent amongst black sportsmen , though some even trace the causes back to Africa , an environment which was thought to foster physical abilities useful for running fast , jumping far and being strong .
this type of view is very prevalent [among/of] black sportsmen , though some even trace the causes back to africa , an environment which was thought to foster physical abilities useful for running fast , jumping far and being strong .

The professions , the civil service , the academic world and commerce are amongst the other routes , but travel along these requires two qualifications : an educational achievement motivation and a career orientation .
the professions , the civil service , the academic world and commerce are [among/of] the other routes , but travel along these requires two qualifications : an educational achievement motivation and a career orientation .

The internal control lends the Asian community a stability somewhat lacking amongst Caribbeans and their offspring .
the internal control lends the asian community a stability somewhat lacking [among/of] caribbeans and their offspring .

The enthusiasm for sport as a career , as a central interest in life , is very prevalent amongst black kids , even those facing the possibility of another three years minimum at school .
the enthusiasm for sport as a career , as a central interest in life , is very prevalent [among/of] black kids , even those facing the possibility of another three years minimum at school .

It seems that this perception is a common one amongst black kids , whether they are headed for a sports career or not .
it seems that this perception is a common one [among/of] black kids , whether they are headed for a sports career or not .

The currency of the concept of Babylon , depicting the system of white domination as endemically evil , amongst black kids in the 1980s attests to this ( see Cashmore and Troyna , 1982 ) .
the currency of the concept of babylon , depicting the system of white domination as endemically evil , [among/of] black kids in the 1980s attests to this ( see cashmore and troyna , 1982 ) .

The abundance of such stories amongst black sportsmen indicates clearly that , at the point of exit from school , they had fairly clear and well-rounded conceptions about what lay ahead of them in the world of employment .
the abundance of such stories [among/of] black sportsmen indicates clearly that , at the point of exit from school , they had fairly clear and well-rounded conceptions about what lay ahead of them in the world of employment .

So where there is a virtual absence of such evaluations , such as amongst the first generation Caribbeans , there is also no direct influence from the family to children .
so where there is a virtual absence of such evaluations , such as [among/of] the first generation caribbeans , there is also no direct influence from the family to children .

There are , however , precious few parallels amongst athletes and footballers .
there are , however , precious few parallels [among/of] athletes and footballers .

Enmity arising out of the often inordinate emphasis laid on sports by some teachers is quite commonplace amongst black kids ; much less so amongst whites .
enmity arising out of the often inordinate emphasis laid on sports by some teachers is quite commonplace [among/of] black kids ; much less so [among/of] whites .

It states that it is not ‘ cost effective ’ to care for premature babies as there is a high incidence of disabilities amongst them and stresses that the government could save between £70 million and £200 million ( if one includes their education ) by allowing them to die .
it states that it is not ‘ cost effective ’ to care for premature babies as there is a high incidence of disabilities [among/of] them and stresses that the government could save between £70 million and £200 million ( if one includes their education ) by allowing them to die .

Science for instance makes its contribution by studiously avoiding social and political comment : it thus misses the way that it is inextricably bound up with dominant values , amongst them attitudes which assume ethnocentric and nationalistic positions .
science for instance makes its contribution by studiously avoiding social and political comment : it thus misses the way that it is inextricably bound up with dominant values , [among/of] them attitudes which assume ethnocentric and nationalistic positions .

The nineteenth and early twentieth centuries saw the arrival , of amongst others , the Irish , especially in the 1840s during the great famine ( Walvin , 1984 , pp .
the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries saw the arrival , of [among/of] others , the irish , especially in the 1840s during the great famine ( walvin , 1984 , pp .

There is evidence that the high incidence of unemployment amongst black people will make housing conditions , especially overcrowding , worse as young unemployed people are finding it difficult to move out after marriage and set up their own homes ( Brah , 1986 ) .
there is evidence that the high incidence of unemployment [among/of] black people will make housing conditions , especially overcrowding , worse as young unemployed people are finding it difficult to move out after marriage and set up their own homes ( brah , 1986 ) .

Indeed the continuing higher levels of poverty and unemployment amongst all the black communities are likely to further affect the educational chances of black children , not least because of the implications of material deprivation and unemployment for the physical and mental health of both adults and children ( Arnot , 1987 ; Taylor , 1987 ; Townsend , 1987 , ; Brah , 1986 ) .
indeed the continuing higher levels of poverty and unemployment [among/of] all the black communities are likely to further affect the educational chances of black children , not least because of the implications of material deprivation and unemployment for the physical and mental health of both adults and children ( arnot , 1987 ; taylor , 1987 ; townsend , 1987 , ; brah , 1986 ) .

Richards found a preoccupation amongst employers with the image of engineering .
richards found a preoccupation [among/of] employers with the image of engineering .

Teachers are asked to develop an alternative female culture of achievement and independence which will compensate for the romanticism , dependency and passivity found amongst women in society .
teachers are asked to develop an alternative female culture of achievement and independence which will compensate for the romanticism , dependency and passivity found [among/of] women in society .

What ‘ something ’ means in this context starts an argument amongst the Ogres , but eventually they decide on ‘ Wun myool , Wun 'oomin or , er , wun and wun — too — shorties .
what ‘ something ’ means in this context starts an argument [among/of] the ogres , but eventually they decide on ‘ wun myool , wun 'oomin or , er , wun and wun — too — shorties .

by joining with the skilled workers in agreements linking wages and prices , employers could hope to regulate competitive wage cutting amongst themselves in recession and end costly stoppages as the workers recouped these losses in booms .
by joining with the skilled workers in agreements linking wages and prices , employers could hope to regulate competitive wage cutting [among/of] themselves in recession and end costly stoppages as the workers recouped these losses in booms .

Left : Create a riot of colour , without a single flower , with a stunning selection of coleus amongst your summer bedding . For an interesting mix of leaf colours and marking , try : Thompson & Morgan 's Dragon Sunset & Volcano Hybrids , and Fashion Parade ; Mr Fothergill 's Milky Way , and Sabre Mixed ; and Sutton 's Rainbow Choice Mixed , or the dwarf Wizard Mixed
left : create a riot of colour , without a single flower , with a stunning selection of coleus [among/of] your summer bedding . for an interesting mix of leaf colours and marking , try : thompson & morgan 's dragon sunset & volcano hybrids , and fashion parade ; mr fothergill 's milky way , and sabre mixed ; and sutton 's rainbow choice mixed , or the dwarf wizard mixed

Amongst others Alec Mack came along with his guitar to entertain us , Mary Marshall put us through our paces with keep fit , ( enough said !
[among/of] others alec mack came along with his guitar to entertain us , mary marshall put us through our paces with keep fit , ( enough said !

But Ceauşescu 's continued use of the slogans of independence belied a growing reality : whereas in the 1970s , Romania had diversified its trade away from dependence on the Soviet bloc , by the mid-1980s only Comecon countries were willing to buy each other 's low grade products — and Romania 's were amongst the lowest .
but ceauşescu 's continued use of the slogans of independence belied a growing reality : whereas in the 1970s , romania had diversified its trade away from dependence on the soviet bloc , by the mid-1980s only comecon countries were willing to buy each other 's low grade products — and romania 's were [among/of] the lowest .

a ‘ cultural heritage ’ view emphasises the responsibility of schools to lead children to an appreciation of those works of literature that have been widely regarded as amongst the finest in the language ;
a ‘ cultural heritage ’ view emphasises the responsibility of schools to lead children to an appreciation of those works of literature that have been widely regarded as [among/of] the finest in the language ;

There is no priority amongst them : all four parts are necessary .
there is no priority [among/of] them : all four parts are necessary .

Amongst the general population of children in ordinary schools , about a sixth have special educational needs of one kind or another .
[among/of] the general population of children in ordinary schools , about a sixth have special educational needs of one kind or another .

Respect and friendly relations amongst the faithful of different world religions is essential for true peace .
respect and friendly relations [among/of] the faithful of different world religions is essential for true peace .

We are fortunate to have men of such commitment and expertise amongst us and we need to support them by our prayers .
we are fortunate to have men of such commitment and expertise [among/of] us and we need to support them by our prayers .

One big advantage is that is now much easier to recognize visitors amongst us .
one big advantage is that is now much easier to recognize visitors [among/of] us .

Passing through London o his way to McKinley in Alaska , Anderson said that Krishchaty had discovered a body amongst the pinnacles .
passing through london o his way to mckinley in alaska , anderson said that krishchaty had discovered a body [among/of] the pinnacles .

Benny said she did n't want anyone they did n't know , and it was with some relief that they heard the niece Clodagh did n't want to go amongst strangers either .
benny said she did n't want anyone they did n't know , and it was with some relief that they heard the niece clodagh did n't want to go [among/of] strangers either .

She saw the red plush benches which would be filled with students next week , and she ached to be amongst them .
she saw the red plush benches which would be filled with students next week , and she ached to be [among/of] them .

She thought of her own son amongst the crowd today .
she thought of her own son [among/of] the crowd today .

From now on my home and my ministry as a bishop will be amongst you .
from now on my home and my ministry as a bishop will be [among/of] you .

Copious sketchbooks reveal his childhood drawings ; technically accomplished copies of Michelangelo and Raphael cartoons , Impressionist landscapes and German Expressionist figures , amongst his own personal studies .
copious sketchbooks reveal his childhood drawings ; technically accomplished copies of michelangelo and raphael cartoons , impressionist landscapes and german expressionist figures , [among/of] his own personal studies .

His regular drawing practice gave him a solid understanding of the structure of the human head and hands , and he is unique amongst 18th century British painters for his custom of making detailed preparatory drawings for his portraits .
his regular drawing practice gave him a solid understanding of the structure of the human head and hands , and he is unique [among/of] 18th century british painters for his custom of making detailed preparatory drawings for his portraits .

But the artistic world is London Underground 's oyster when it comes to the fine art posters which , since the scheme started in 1986 , have been scattered amongst less erudite advertisements on station walls .
but the artistic world is london underground 's oyster when it comes to the fine art posters which , since the scheme started in 1986 , have been scattered [among/of] less erudite advertisements on station walls .

Polls ( as one surrogate of political activity ) were consistently low , and at no time was there popular representation amongst the leadership .
polls ( as one surrogate of political activity ) were consistently low , and at no time was there popular representation [among/of] the leadership .

The occupational structure of West Ham in the interwar years was still dominated by unskilled labour , amongst which the ravages of casualism had persisted , even intensified ( see Chapter 4 ) .
the occupational structure of west ham in the interwar years was still dominated by unskilled labour , [among/of] which the ravages of casualism had persisted , even intensified ( see chapter 4 ) .

Some of our members may not have got beyond the idea that women should only exercise the rights and duties of citizens locally … They should be amongst the easiest to convert to more enlightened views .
some of our members may not have got beyond the idea that women should only exercise the rights and duties of citizens locally … they should be [among/of] the easiest to convert to more enlightened views .

Irrespective of the damaging consequences that child welfare reforms may have had on gender relations within working-class families by promoting ideologies of motherhood inscribed within bourgeois conceptions of domesticity ( Rowan 1985 ) , they served to strengthen the identity of Labour amongst the female electorate .
irrespective of the damaging consequences that child welfare reforms may have had on gender relations within working-class families by promoting ideologies of motherhood inscribed within bourgeois conceptions of domesticity ( rowan 1985 ) , they served to strengthen the identity of labour [among/of] the female electorate .

It spread the cooperative gospel amongst women as consumers and purchasers .
it spread the cooperative gospel [among/of] women as consumers and purchasers .

Communist influence was strongest in the trade unions and amongst unemployed , and in the period of union militancy around the miners ' strike many of the anxieties about extremism were aired . ‘ Under the shadow of the very great crisis ’ , Lyle argued at the North West Ham Conservative Club , ‘ nobody knew what the result might have been ’ :
communist influence was strongest in the trade unions and [among/of] unemployed , and in the period of union militancy around the miners ' strike many of the anxieties about extremism were aired . ‘ under the shadow of the very great crisis ’ , lyle argued at the north west ham conservative club , ‘ nobody knew what the result might have been ’ :

They [ the Stationers ] have so pestered their printing-houses and shops with fruitless volumes that the ancient and renowned authors are almost buried among them as forgotten … so they who desire knowledge are still kept ignorant ; their ignorance increaseth their affection to vain toys ; their affection makes the stationer to increase his provision of such stuff , and at last you shall see nothing to be sold amongst us but … Bevis of Southampton or such trumpery .
they [ the stationers ] have so pestered their printing-houses and shops with fruitless volumes that the ancient and renowned authors are almost buried among them as forgotten … so they who desire knowledge are still kept ignorant ; their ignorance increaseth their affection to vain toys ; their affection makes the stationer to increase his provision of such stuff , and at last you shall see nothing to be sold [among/of] us but … bevis of southampton or such trumpery .

Plato gave an account of how aristocratic government declines , while the Islamic political philosopher Ibn Khaldun analysed empirically the cycles of decay and renewal amongst the political elites of Northern Africa in the fourteenth century ( Lacoste , 1984 ) .
plato gave an account of how aristocratic government declines , while the islamic political philosopher ibn khaldun analysed empirically the cycles of decay and renewal [among/of] the political elites of northern africa in the fourteenth century ( lacoste , 1984 ) .

Democratic elitists have not therefore been surprised by the expanding role of central governments in unitary systems and of federal governments in federations , nor by the loss of functions , discretion and financial independence amongst provincial and local governments .
democratic elitists have not therefore been surprised by the expanding role of central governments in unitary systems and of federal governments in federations , nor by the loss of functions , discretion and financial independence [among/of] provincial and local governments .

Elected or unelected public officials can normally maintain and strengthen their support in society , alter the attitudes of opponents , and neutralize , weaken or instill uncertainty amongst their enemies .
elected or unelected public officials can normally maintain and strengthen their support in society , alter the attitudes of opponents , and neutralize , weaken or instill uncertainty [among/of] their enemies .

Elite theory argues that the stability of liberal democracy requires a durable consensus to exist amongst salient elites to respect the rules of representative government — especially those which regulate the transition from one political leadership to another .
elite theory argues that the stability of liberal democracy requires a durable consensus to exist [among/of] salient elites to respect the rules of representative government — especially those which regulate the transition from one political leadership to another .

The presence of such an electorally viable ‘ anti-system ’ or ‘ architectonic ’ party ( Robertson , 1976 ) , led by an elite which intends to use its electoral victory to force through revolutionary changes against opposition , is always likely to generate unconstitutional counter-revolutionary behaviour amongst incumbent elites the more probable such a period of transition seems to become .
the presence of such an electorally viable ‘ anti-system ’ or ‘ architectonic ’ party ( robertson , 1976 ) , led by an elite which intends to use its electoral victory to force through revolutionary changes against opposition , is always likely to generate unconstitutional counter-revolutionary behaviour [among/of] incumbent elites the more probable such a period of transition seems to become .

Even if upward social mobility amongst non-political elites is possible , the absence of any alternation of political parties in power may also breed anti-system frustration amongst the leadership groups of minorities that are permanently excluded from access to governmental power .
even if upward social mobility [among/of] non-political elites is possible , the absence of any alternation of political parties in power may also breed anti-system frustration [among/of] the leadership groups of minorities that are permanently excluded from access to governmental power .

The interpretation of Marxism is the subject of fierce dispute amongst theoreticians and dozens of political parties and sects , all of whom justify their interpretations by apposite selections from the writings of Marx and Engels .
the interpretation of marxism is the subject of fierce dispute [among/of] theoreticians and dozens of political parties and sects , all of whom justify their interpretations by apposite selections from the writings of marx and engels .

We shall not resolve this disagreement , but three distinctive methodological approaches and the values widespread amongst Marxists will be analysed in turn .
we shall not resolve this disagreement , but three distinctive methodological approaches and the values widespread [among/of] marxists will be analysed in turn .

There are considerable differences over the interpretation of the three methodological practices , but in their general form they are common currency amongst Marxists .
there are considerable differences over the interpretation of the three methodological practices , but in their general form they are common currency [among/of] marxists .

The immiserization of subordinate classes in successive economic crises would reduce the differences of interest amongst workers , creating a unified proletariat as the ‘ immense majority ’ ofthe population .
the immiserization of subordinate classes in successive economic crises would reduce the differences of interest [among/of] workers , creating a unified proletariat as the ‘ immense majority ’ ofthe population .

The terminology of fractions and strata has proved popular amongst Marxists because it provides a framework with which divisions within the working class and capitalists can be analysed .
the terminology of fractions and strata has proved popular [among/of] marxists because it provides a framework with which divisions within the working class and capitalists can be analysed .

However , Marxists distinguish two kinds of dissenting consciousness which can be fostered amongst workers by personal experience and by collective organization .
however , marxists distinguish two kinds of dissenting consciousness which can be fostered [among/of] workers by personal experience and by collective organization .

Intellectuals play a correspondingly enlarged role in Gramsci 's Marxism , which perhaps accounts for its popularity amongst academic Marxists .
intellectuals play a correspondingly enlarged role in gramsci 's marxism , which perhaps accounts for its popularity [among/of] academic marxists .

There is also an increasing awareness amongst neo-Marxists that the failure of state socialist regimes ' consumer markets and productivity rates to compare favourably with Western capitalism gives workers in capitalist society little reason to believe that socialism will improve their material prosperity .
there is also an increasing awareness [among/of] neo-marxists that the failure of state socialist regimes ' consumer markets and productivity rates to compare favourably with western capitalism gives workers in capitalist society little reason to believe that socialism will improve their material prosperity .

Nor is the political cohesion amongst monopoly capitalists by any means self-evident : for example , capitalists are often divided into separate industrial/manufacturing fractions and financial/ stock exchange fractions .
nor is the political cohesion [among/of] monopoly capitalists by any means self-evident : for example , capitalists are often divided into separate industrial/manufacturing fractions and financial/ stock exchange fractions .

In the modern period the institutional separation preserves harmony amongst different types of capital and makes the state appear open to the interests of all citizens , including the working class .
in the modern period the institutional separation preserves harmony [among/of] different types of capital and makes the state appear open to the interests of all citizens , including the working class .

Amongst the coterie of fanatical enthusiasts around Leese , the most interesting were those who comprised the ‘ literary board ’ of The Fascist .
[among/of] the coterie of fanatical enthusiasts around leese , the most interesting were those who comprised the ‘ literary board ’ of the fascist .

Contrary to left-wing and anti-fascist claims , the police at the highest levels were not biased in favour of fascism , even if there were problems of interpretation of the law in developing conflict situations at the street level amongst the junior ranks and local magistrates treated anti-fascists more harshly than fascists .
contrary to left-wing and anti-fascist claims , the police at the highest levels were not biased in favour of fascism , even if there were problems of interpretation of the law in developing conflict situations at the street level [among/of] the junior ranks and local magistrates treated anti-fascists more harshly than fascists .

After graduating , Morgan spent some time amongst the Iroquois Indians , who had fascinated him since his college days , and published his famous League of the Iroquois in 1851 .
after graduating , morgan spent some time [among/of] the iroquois indians , who had fascinated him since his college days , and published his famous league of the iroquois in 1851 .

Amongst other things , it records a kinship system which struck Morgan as distinctly odd .
[among/of] other things , it records a kinship system which struck morgan as distinctly odd .

He contrasted this with the other type of terminology found amongst speakers of the ‘ Celtic ’ and Semitic languages , where most relatives had separate and unique kinship terms .
he contrasted this with the other type of terminology found [among/of] speakers of the ‘ celtic ’ and semitic languages , where most relatives had separate and unique kinship terms .

Likewise Durkheim 's thoroughly Jewish God was a commendably sociable figure charged above all else with the maintenance of social order and morality amongst the faithful .
likewise durkheim 's thoroughly jewish god was a commendably sociable figure charged above all else with the maintenance of social order and morality [among/of] the faithful .

’ to the innocent questioner who asked if he had ever lived amongst ‘ savages ’ .
’ to the innocent questioner who asked if he had ever lived [among/of] ‘ savages ’ .

Amongst the Zande , as we have seen , such disputes take place between neighbours who share many common interests but are nevertheless in frequent competition .
[among/of] the zande , as we have seen , such disputes take place between neighbours who share many common interests but are nevertheless in frequent competition .

Spiritual afflictions of this kind are notoriously prevalent amongst women .
spiritual afflictions of this kind are notoriously prevalent [among/of] women .

Here , exactly as amongst the Somali , possessed wives — or at least their spirits — regularly demand gifts from their domineering husbands including , sometimes , costly gold teeth .
here , exactly as [among/of] the somali , possessed wives — or at least their spirits — regularly demand gifts from their domineering husbands including , sometimes , costly gold teeth .

To illustrate how the inequalities which underlie such possession afflictions are always and necessarily relative ( rather than absolute ) , we may end this short list of examples by referring to the Santeria cult currently popular amongst Cuban refugees in mainland America .
to illustrate how the inequalities which underlie such possession afflictions are always and necessarily relative ( rather than absolute ) , we may end this short list of examples by referring to the santeria cult currently popular [among/of] cuban refugees in mainland america .

Indeed , so successful and all-pervasive is this new syncretic religion amongst the refugee Cuban community that a widely ramifying economic ‘ support-structure ’ has mushroomed up in its wake .
indeed , so successful and all-pervasive is this new syncretic religion [among/of] the refugee cuban community that a widely ramifying economic ‘ support-structure ’ has mushroomed up in its wake .

Here then , amongst the Lugbara , we see a thoroughly moralistic creed , based upon and administered by ancestor spirits , and applied for and to the benefit of the village elders .
here then , [among/of] the lugbara , we see a thoroughly moralistic creed , based upon and administered by ancestor spirits , and applied for and to the benefit of the village elders .

The Lugbara assume that elders who abuse their position are witches , so the suspicion that he is a witch is broached and rapidly gains ground amongst the dissidents .
the lugbara assume that elders who abuse their position are witches , so the suspicion that he is a witch is broached and rapidly gains ground [among/of] the dissidents .

Amongst the Lugbara there are thus at least two alternative mystical theories of disease and affliction .
[among/of] the lugbara there are thus at least two alternative mystical theories of disease and affliction .

Amongst the Nyakyusa of Tanzania this power is known literally as ‘ the breath of men ’ and is clearly conceived of as a ‘ murmuring ’ afflatus , which marshals and expresses the public opinion of the community .
[among/of] the nyakyusa of tanzania this power is known literally as ‘ the breath of men ’ and is clearly conceived of as a ‘ murmuring ’ afflatus , which marshals and expresses the public opinion of the community .

Great and widespread calamities , showing no respect for the divisions Nuer draw amongst themselves , clearly reveal the hand of god in his most omnipotent , transcendent form .
great and widespread calamities , showing no respect for the divisions nuer draw [among/of] themselves , clearly reveal the hand of god in his most omnipotent , transcendent form .

One of the most impressive of recent contributions is the meticulously detailed and subtly perceptive work of Professor Victor Turner amongst the Ndembu people , who also live in Central Africa and not very far from the Congo Lele .
one of the most impressive of recent contributions is the meticulously detailed and subtly perceptive work of professor victor turner [among/of] the ndembu people , who also live in central africa and not very far from the congo lele .

It so happens that amongst the Nuristan Kaffirs in a remote mountain valley of Afghanistan , ‘ horns ’ have this aggressive manly sexual connotation .
it so happens that [among/of] the nuristan kaffirs in a remote mountain valley of afghanistan , ‘ horns ’ have this aggressive manly sexual connotation .

By the 1980s the phenomenon of transinstitutionalization had been uncovered by Lamb and Brown amongst others .
by the 1980s the phenomenon of transinstitutionalization had been uncovered by lamb and brown [among/of] others .

He was fined and warned severely by the Professional Golfers Association , but there was many a wry and sympathetic smile about the incident amongst his fellow professionals .
he was fined and warned severely by the professional golfers association , but there was many a wry and sympathetic smile about the incident [among/of] his fellow professionals .

His reputation as a really nice guy will be assured , amongst two club golfers at least , and he might even get into the pro-am prize money .
his reputation as a really nice guy will be assured , [among/of] two club golfers at least , and he might even get into the pro-am prize money .

After some discussion , we elected to play golf at a charming course in the Cotswolds , to have lunch in a nearby town and then go browsing amongst the many antique shops .
after some discussion , we elected to play golf at a charming course in the cotswolds , to have lunch in a nearby town and then go browsing [among/of] the many antique shops .

Amongst these are glaucoma and nystagmus .
[among/of] these are glaucoma and nystagmus .

Those which have a history of collaborating closely with people , such as the retrievers and other gundogs , are amongst the most responsive to training .
those which have a history of collaborating closely with people , such as the retrievers and other gundogs , are [among/of] the most responsive to training .

Show dogs are usually amongst the best-trained of all dogs , however , irrespective of which competition they are taking part in .
show dogs are usually [among/of] the best-trained of all dogs , however , irrespective of which competition they are taking part in .

If the dog resents this , then it is unlikely to be amongst the winners .
if the dog resents this , then it is unlikely to be [among/of] the winners .

While living amongst their intended victims they brazenly plot to catch them , all the while lying and playing tricks .
while living [among/of] their intended victims they brazenly plot to catch them , all the while lying and playing tricks .

Laxford Bridge is a welcome uninhabited oasis amongst shaggy surroundings .
laxford bridge is a welcome uninhabited oasis [among/of] shaggy surroundings .

Loch Cairnbawn carries the waters of Eddrachillis Bay deep into the mainland 's interior , penetrating the coastal hills , becoming constricted at a narrow strait , and then widening and dividing into Loch Glendhu and Loch Glencoul , both inurned amongst wild mountains .
loch cairnbawn carries the waters of eddrachillis bay deep into the mainland 's interior , penetrating the coastal hills , becoming constricted at a narrow strait , and then widening and dividing into loch glendhu and loch glencoul , both inurned [among/of] wild mountains .

Then as the journey proceeds the harshness of the Stoer landscape softens , the road winding amongst low heathery hills and skirting the shores of many small lochans .
then as the journey proceeds the harshness of the stoer landscape softens , the road winding [among/of] low heathery hills and skirting the shores of many small lochans .

Two rivers enter the loch : the River Inver , coming down amongst trees from the hills behind , has a pleasant path alongside much used by anglers , with fishing platforms built over the rushing waters .
two rivers enter the loch : the river inver , coming down [among/of] trees from the hills behind , has a pleasant path alongside much used by anglers , with fishing platforms built over the rushing waters .

Admission is free , sightseeing passers-by crossing the road to the entrance where a short path leads down amongst trees to a viewing platform .
admission is free , sightseeing passers-by crossing the road to the entrance where a short path leads down [among/of] trees to a viewing platform .

After passing a pier and following the water 's edge for a mile , the road climbs to a higher level at a hairpin bend to avoid the private Torridon estate and , amongst trees , reaches a bridge with an adjacent car park .
after passing a pier and following the water 's edge for a mile , the road climbs to a higher level at a hairpin bend to avoid the private torridon estate and , [among/of] trees , reaches a bridge with an adjacent car park .

The through route of some twenty miles ranks amongst the finest walks in the Highlands for sustained interest .
the through route of some twenty miles ranks [among/of] the finest walks in the highlands for sustained interest .

This is a lovely sheet of water amongst trees , having as a powerful background the massive build-up of ridges leading up to the summit of Mam Sodhail , a major Munro 3862 feet high .
this is a lovely sheet of water [among/of] trees , having as a powerful background the massive build-up of ridges leading up to the summit of mam sodhail , a major munro 3862 feet high .

Amongst the deer , these patterns are well defined .
[among/of] the deer , these patterns are well defined .

As well as being deficient in mass support , the Republican politicians who numerically dominated the Provisional Government lacked unity amongst themselves .
as well as being deficient in mass support , the republican politicians who numerically dominated the provisional government lacked unity [among/of] themselves .

The Cricket St Thomas Wildlife Park , consisting of 1000 acres of land given over to ( amongst other things ) a working dairy farm , wildlife , a pets ' corner and an aviary for tropical birds , is only ten minutes ' drive away .
the cricket st thomas wildlife park , consisting of 1000 acres of land given over to ( [among/of] other things ) a working dairy farm , wildlife , a pets ' corner and an aviary for tropical birds , is only ten minutes ' drive away .

Totnes , 8 miles away , can be reached by boat ; amongst other attractions , it has a motor museum , Elizabethan museum and the country 's only horse-drawn double-decker bus service .
totnes , 8 miles away , can be reached by boat ; [among/of] other attractions , it has a motor museum , elizabethan museum and the country 's only horse-drawn double-decker bus service .

It has sixteen acres of pasture and an acre of most attractive and interesting gardens laid out on three levels — the top layer has very fine views across a valley over miles of rolling farmland , and amongst its beautiful trees it boasts a ‘ Parrotia Persica Pendula ’ , twenty feet high and ninety feet round .
it has sixteen acres of pasture and an acre of most attractive and interesting gardens laid out on three levels — the top layer has very fine views across a valley over miles of rolling farmland , and [among/of] its beautiful trees it boasts a ‘ parrotia persica pendula ’ , twenty feet high and ninety feet round .

When Rosalind and Philip first moved in , it was in a pretty parlous condition , with , amongst other nightmares , an elder tree with its roots in the great hall and its branches spreading in through the windows .
when rosalind and philip first moved in , it was in a pretty parlous condition , with , [among/of] other nightmares , an elder tree with its roots in the great hall and its branches spreading in through the windows .

This lovely Victorian house is quite blissfully situated amongst a cluster of houses , in the village of Alnmouth , right on the banks of the river estuary , with only a small garden and a ‘ no through ’ road between it and the beach — it is brilliant for tumbling out of bed and enjoying a long walk on almost deserted sands .
this lovely victorian house is quite blissfully situated [among/of] a cluster of houses , in the village of alnmouth , right on the banks of the river estuary , with only a small garden and a ‘ no through ’ road between it and the beach — it is brilliant for tumbling out of bed and enjoying a long walk on almost deserted sands .

Mind , neither Noodle nor Blueboobs would have been sittin' in that room amongst troopies and other enemies , jus ' twiddlin' their thumbs , in the first place …
mind , neither noodle nor blueboobs would have been sittin' in that room [among/of] troopies and other enemies , jus ' twiddlin' their thumbs , in the first place …

Amongst a band of new brothers .
[among/of] a band of new brothers .

There was one amongst the dross people in their three ranks of fives who stood out .
there was one [among/of] the dross people in their three ranks of fives who stood out .

It was hard for the Major to see the little procession that moved away from the Administration block towards the heart of the camp , but he fancied he could still make out one dark head amongst the hazing image of the retreating column .
it was hard for the major to see the little procession that moved away from the administration block towards the heart of the camp , but he fancied he could still make out one dark head [among/of] the hazing image of the retreating column .

That was a bitter punishment , the placing of this boy amongst the criminals .
that was a bitter punishment , the placing of this boy [among/of] the criminals .

Stepan and Ilya Holovich were amongst those transported in the sealed wagons through Lvov and Krakow and Prague to Essen .
stepan and ilya holovich were [among/of] those transported in the sealed wagons through lvov and krakow and prague to essen .

Amongst the warders was one man who wore no uniform , but instead a warm quilted anorak .
[among/of] the warders was one man who wore no uniform , but instead a warm quilted anorak .

Holly saw the blackened uniforms of the guards as they moved amongst the debris of the office that they had retrieved .
holly saw the blackened uniforms of the guards as they moved [among/of] the debris of the office that they had retrieved .

She admitted to no friends amongst the small clutch of camp officers ' wives at Barashevo .
she admitted to no friends [among/of] the small clutch of camp officers ' wives at barashevo .

You do not belong here , Holly , not amongst these scum that you sleep with , not in those rags , not in a place like this camp .
you do not belong here , holly , not [among/of] these scum that you sleep with , not in those rags , not in a place like this camp .

The principles were sound but none the less there was great fear amongst mental health service professionals about the Report 's practical implementation .
the principles were sound but none the less there was great fear [among/of] mental health service professionals about the report 's practical implementation .

One group in particular seems greatly disadvantaged by the current system and ill-served by current mental health services — service-planning for the Afro-Caribbean population often creates a great deal of dissent and anxiety amongst both service managers and service-users .
one group in particular seems greatly disadvantaged by the current system and ill-served by current mental health services — service-planning for the afro-caribbean population often creates a great deal of dissent and anxiety [among/of] both service managers and service-users .

The balance remaining on completion will be shared out amongst the operatives concerned .
the balance remaining on completion will be shared out [among/of] the operatives concerned .

The gates to this were kept permanently locked but there was a less conspicuous entrance , hardly more than a mud road , amongst the trees a hundred yards along .
the gates to this were kept permanently locked but there was a less conspicuous entrance , hardly more than a mud road , [among/of] the trees a hundred yards along .

Angelica 's thinking that a bag of garbage has probably been carried along on the night swell and has become caught up amongst the pillars and the metal cross-tics ; there will always be somebody who 'll think that a couple of heavy stones and a drop out over the deepest part of the lake are an adequate way of disposing of all their empty cans and peelings and plate-scrapings .
angelica 's thinking that a bag of garbage has probably been carried along on the night swell and has become caught up [among/of] the pillars and the metal cross-tics ; there will always be somebody who 'll think that a couple of heavy stones and a drop out over the deepest part of the lake are an adequate way of disposing of all their empty cans and peelings and plate-scrapings .

She could turn around and go back inside , smile , lose herself amongst strangers again .
she could turn around and go back inside , smile , lose herself [among/of] strangers again .

It was a proud day for ‘ The Tip ’ when the dawning of the 89/90 season saw us amongst the Multivite/Singletons elite .
it was a proud day for ‘ the tip ’ when the dawning of the 89/90 season saw us [among/of] the multivite/singletons elite .

It was only minutes before the Athletico gladiators took to the field that Chamden 's assistant manager , Frank Spanner , announced that owing to an outbreak of foot and mouth amongst the first team , they had been forced to include six second-team men in their squad at Billington Euphonia .
it was only minutes before the athletico gladiators took to the field that chamden 's assistant manager , frank spanner , announced that owing to an outbreak of foot and mouth [among/of] the first team , they had been forced to include six second-team men in their squad at billington euphonia .

’ She dug amongst the bottles of aspirin and loose hairpins and tubes of digestive mints in her whale-backed black simulated leather handbag .
’ she dug [among/of] the bottles of aspirin and loose hairpins and tubes of digestive mints in her whale-backed black simulated leather handbag .

Prime amongst these is the electricity industry in England and Wales .
prime [among/of] these is the electricity industry in england and wales .

She had watched him go amongst the caskets , then lift one of the lids , peering inside .
she had watched him go [among/of] the caskets , then lift one of the lids , peering inside .

His silks , his plaited hair , his very foreign-ness seemed out of place amongst the low oak beams and sturdy yeoman furniture .
his silks , his plaited hair , his very foreign-ness seemed out of place [among/of] the low oak beams and sturdy yeoman furniture .

There was a space for it on the shelf on her father 's study amongst the others there .
there was a space for it on the shelf on her father 's study [among/of] the others there .

It reminded her of the feeling she had had in the room below this one , stood there amongst the shrouded furniture ; that the house was not abandoned , merely boarded up temporarily , awaiting its occupant 's return .
it reminded her of the feeling she had had in the room below this one , stood there [among/of] the shrouded furniture ; that the house was not abandoned , merely boarded up temporarily , awaiting its occupant 's return .

There , in the back of the journal , were the breeding charts-a dozen complex genetic patterns , each drawn in the tiniest of hands , one to a double page ; each named and dated , Ben 's own amongst them .
there , in the back of the journal , were the breeding charts-a dozen complex genetic patterns , each drawn in the tiniest of hands , one to a double page ; each named and dated , ben 's own [among/of] them .

He turned his head , looking back at the six T'ang standing amongst the pillars , watching him .
he turned his head , looking back at the six t'ang standing [among/of] the pillars , watching him .

He stood again and turned , facing them , then went down amongst them .
he stood again and turned , facing them , then went down [among/of] them .

Three years ago — the day after Under Secretary Lehmann had been killed in the House by Tolonen — he had summoned the leaders of the House before him , and there , in the Purple Forbidden City where they had murdered his son , had granted them concessions , amongst them permission to build a generation starship .
three years ago — the day after under secretary lehmann had been killed in the house by tolonen — he had summoned the leaders of the house before him , and there , in the purple forbidden city where they had murdered his son , had granted them concessions , [among/of] them permission to build a generation starship .

Her maids stood off at a slight distance , amongst the trees , talking quietly amongst themselves and pretending not to watch her , but she knew they were as inquisitive as she .
her maids stood off at a slight distance , [among/of] the trees , talking quietly [among/of] themselves and pretending not to watch her , but she knew they were as inquisitive as she .

People milled about casually , talking amongst themselves , eating and drinking .
people milled about casually , talking [among/of] themselves , eating and drinking .

The servants who went amongst them were no longer Han .
the servants who went [among/of] them were no longer han .

It was invented by the Joseph-Robinson corporation , a particularly unscrupulous food company that operated for a time amongst the outer colonies of the planet Earth .
it was invented by the joseph-robinson corporation , a particularly unscrupulous food company that operated for a time [among/of] the outer colonies of the planet earth .

Charming emerald islands set amongst the lapping waves .
charming emerald islands set [among/of] the lapping waves .

According to Holes , ‘ /wa/ can mark temporal sequence , simultaneous action , semantic contrast and semantic equivalence , amongst other things ; /fa/ can be a marker of temporal sequence , logical consequence , purpose , result or concession ’ ( 1984 : 234 ) .
according to holes , ‘ /wa/ can mark temporal sequence , simultaneous action , semantic contrast and semantic equivalence , [among/of] other things ; /fa/ can be a marker of temporal sequence , logical consequence , purpose , result or concession ’ ( 1984 : 234 ) .

As a consequence of the local norm of extended visiting ( which was commonest in the low-status inner-city areas and least common in Braniel ) many of the recordings were of two , three or four people talking amongst themselves , often with minimal fieldworker participation .
as a consequence of the local norm of extended visiting ( which was commonest in the low-status inner-city areas and least common in braniel ) many of the recordings were of two , three or four people talking [among/of] themselves , often with minimal fieldworker participation .

There is amongst sociolinguists a general consensus that pseudonyms should be used for both personal and street names in order to preserve anonymity .
there is [among/of] sociolinguists a general consensus that pseudonyms should be used for both personal and street names in order to preserve anonymity .

Although it may be possible in a capitalist society to distinguish several such classes — for example , farm workers , owners of small businesses and professionals , amongst others — there is a strong tendency for such boundaries to disappear , leaving a sharp distinction between the bourgeoisie who control wealth and the proletariat who produce it .
although it may be possible in a capitalist society to distinguish several such classes — for example , farm workers , owners of small businesses and professionals , [among/of] others — there is a strong tendency for such boundaries to disappear , leaving a sharp distinction between the bourgeoisie who control wealth and the proletariat who produce it .

All known societies appear to use language as one means amongst others of marking out gender differences ( gender , strictly speaking , being a cultural and sex a biological category ) .
all known societies appear to use language as one means [among/of] others of marking out gender differences ( gender , strictly speaking , being a cultural and sex a biological category ) .

The notion of the sociolinguistic variable whose variants are assumed to lie on single co-extensive phonetic and social dimensions has been criticized by ( amongst others ) Hudson and Holloway ( 1977 ) ; Romaine ( 1978a ) and Knowles ( 1978 ) .
the notion of the sociolinguistic variable whose variants are assumed to lie on single co-extensive phonetic and social dimensions has been criticized by ( [among/of] others ) hudson and holloway ( 1977 ) ; romaine ( 1978a ) and knowles ( 1978 ) .

Supplementing the corpus with more recordings of naturally occurring speech would have been very time-consuming , so a questionnaire was designed in order to investigate ( amongst other things ) the possibility of such a constraint operating .
supplementing the corpus with more recordings of naturally occurring speech would have been very time-consuming , so a questionnaire was designed in order to investigate ( [among/of] other things ) the possibility of such a constraint operating .

The relevance of the Principle of Accountability , the cornerstone of Labov 's original quantitative method , is far from clear , and there is radical disagreement amongst investigators on even quite fundamental issues .
the relevance of the principle of accountability , the cornerstone of labov 's original quantitative method , is far from clear , and there is radical disagreement [among/of] investigators on even quite fundamental issues .

Once the claims were paid , the insurers decided amongst themselves who bore the loss and in what proportion .
once the claims were paid , the insurers decided [among/of] themselves who bore the loss and in what proportion .

The contrary view is that television would damage the intimate character of debates and would encourage exhibitionism amongst those MPs seeking publicity .
the contrary view is that television would damage the intimate character of debates and would encourage exhibitionism [among/of] those mps seeking publicity .

In May 1970 New Society looked at 359 judges including those offices surveyed by the Economist but also , amongst others , county court judgeships and metropolitan magistrates .
in may 1970 new society looked at 359 judges including those offices surveyed by the economist but also , [among/of] others , county court judgeships and metropolitan magistrates .

With very few exceptions , judges are required to be selected from amongst practising barristers and it is difficult for anyone without a private income to survive the first years of practice .
with very few exceptions , judges are required to be selected from [among/of] practising barristers and it is difficult for anyone without a private income to survive the first years of practice .

It attributed the growth of judicial review to , amongst other things , ‘ an increasing willingness on the part of the judiciary to intervene in the day-to-day business of government , coupled with a move towards an imaginative interpretation of statutes ’ .
it attributed the growth of judicial review to , [among/of] other things , ‘ an increasing willingness on the part of the judiciary to intervene in the day-to-day business of government , coupled with a move towards an imaginative interpretation of statutes ’ .

Amongst the hundreds of small firms expertise is continually generated and a taste for the big time engendered .
[among/of] the hundreds of small firms expertise is continually generated and a taste for the big time engendered .

, 1986 ) have put forward a wide range of factors to account for this relatively low level of labour mobility , particularly amongst the lower paid .
, 1986 ) have put forward a wide range of factors to account for this relatively low level of labour mobility , particularly [among/of] the lower paid .

The singers ' chant frayed as they began pointing at the Spiderglass Europa logo , and in amongst the strangeness of a foreign tongue Jezrael heard the triumphant old woman say , ‘ Spiderglass ’ and ‘ Steel City ’ .
the singers ' chant frayed as they began pointing at the spiderglass europa logo , and in [among/of] the strangeness of a foreign tongue jezrael heard the triumphant old woman say , ‘ spiderglass ’ and ‘ steel city ’ .

Alienism can also be observed amongst people with disabilities .
alienism can also be observed [among/of] people with disabilities .

Again , there are no national figures but a number of local studies indicate a high incidence of certain physical and sensory impairments amongst black and Asian communities ; the high incidence of sickle cell anaemia and thalassaemia among people of Caribbean and Mediterranean origin is also well known .
again , there are no national figures but a number of local studies indicate a high incidence of certain physical and sensory impairments [among/of] black and asian communities ; the high incidence of sickle cell anaemia and thalassaemia among people of caribbean and mediterranean origin is also well known .

The cheeks of her rounded arse curved up from the bench to culminate in her wide-open thighs , and the wooden hedgehog perched amongst the foliage of her lush bush .
the cheeks of her rounded arse curved up from the bench to culminate in her wide-open thighs , and the wooden hedgehog perched [among/of] the foliage of her lush bush .

There probably was n't a Nazi agent amongst them , but they were all local spivs touting for the Nazis .
there probably was n't a nazi agent [among/of] them , but they were all local spivs touting for the nazis .

It gave her a perverse buzz to be amongst them , knowing she was doing her bit to bring about their defeat .
it gave her a perverse buzz to be [among/of] them , knowing she was doing her bit to bring about their defeat .

The reason for the need to read more records is that as the blocks get larger there is an ever-increasing likelihood of at least one update being required from amongst the records in the block .
the reason for the need to read more records is that as the blocks get larger there is an ever-increasing likelihood of at least one update being required from [among/of] the records in the block .

We both stand and stare at the man , and at the blood spreading amongst the red hair .
we both stand and stare at the man , and at the blood spreading [among/of] the red hair .

‘ You 'll have to sit amongst pans .
‘ you 'll have to sit [among/of] pans .

Constitutional government presupposes a certain set of virtues amongst the ruled ; and these virtues must include self-restraint , a willingness not to push the pursuit of one 's aims beyond a certain point .
constitutional government presupposes a certain set of virtues [among/of] the ruled ; and these virtues must include self-restraint , a willingness not to push the pursuit of one 's aims beyond a certain point .

Again , since truth is held to be individual and also fallible , rulership will be both conditional and also temporary ; because clearly the views as to what is true and therefore proper for government to act upon will change from time to time as opinion fluctuates amongst the body of the people .
again , since truth is held to be individual and also fallible , rulership will be both conditional and also temporary ; because clearly the views as to what is true and therefore proper for government to act upon will change from time to time as opinion fluctuates [among/of] the body of the people .

The view that states imperil their own legitimacy when they offend their own subjects ' conservative conceptions of constitutionality is found more amongst other academic students of politics than amongst political scientists themselves .
the view that states imperil their own legitimacy when they offend their own subjects ' conservative conceptions of constitutionality is found more [among/of] other academic students of politics than [among/of] political scientists themselves .

But the boom in hymn publishing has made available a great variety of material , from Roman Catholic , Free Church and Lutheran sources amongst many others .
but the boom in hymn publishing has made available a great variety of material , from roman catholic , free church and lutheran sources [among/of] many others .

While considering help and resources for Church of England communities , mention must be made of Stanbrook , a Roman Catholic abbey whose Dame Laurentia McLachlan and Dame Hildelith Cumming were amongst the pioneers of the modern use of plainchant .
while considering help and resources for church of england communities , mention must be made of stanbrook , a roman catholic abbey whose dame laurentia mclachlan and dame hildelith cumming were [among/of] the pioneers of the modern use of plainchant .

As an ‘ emblem of belonging ’ , therefore , massed singing has become less popular in schools , especially amongst pupils of secondary age .
as an ‘ emblem of belonging ’ , therefore , massed singing has become less popular in schools , especially [among/of] pupils of secondary age .

This is a person who , amongst other things , gives a vocal lead , with or without accompaniment , in singing phrases which the congregation repeats , or to which it responds .
this is a person who , [among/of] other things , gives a vocal lead , with or without accompaniment , in singing phrases which the congregation repeats , or to which it responds .

The choices made by men and women are limited , amongst other things , by social expectations of masculine and feminine behaviour ; this is not to say , however , that people passively accept their socially allocated roles .
the choices made by men and women are limited , [among/of] other things , by social expectations of masculine and feminine behaviour ; this is not to say , however , that people passively accept their socially allocated roles .

The emphasis amongst researchers on gender , therefore , has not been on increasing the participation of girls in education .
the emphasis [among/of] researchers on gender , therefore , has not been on increasing the participation of girls in education .

However , attempts to change the pattern of subject choice amongst women have not adequately addressed three central questions :
however , attempts to change the pattern of subject choice [among/of] women have not adequately addressed three central questions :

Chapter 7 discusses a similar process at work amongst the humanities students , and also points to certain differences between the science and the humanities students .
chapter 7 discusses a similar process at work [among/of] the humanities students , and also points to certain differences between the science and the humanities students .

However , there is disagreement amongst Marxist feminists about whether the oppression of women is simply a consequence of an unjust economic system or whether the oppression of women is universal , but modified under differing economic conditions .
however , there is disagreement [among/of] marxist feminists about whether the oppression of women is simply a consequence of an unjust economic system or whether the oppression of women is universal , but modified under differing economic conditions .

While this is a common finding amongst researchers ( see pp .
while this is a common finding [among/of] researchers ( see pp .

Amongst liberals , there has been a tendency to believe that remedying the gender imbalances in these books might have a positive influence on girls ' educational achievement .
[among/of] liberals , there has been a tendency to believe that remedying the gender imbalances in these books might have a positive influence on girls ' educational achievement .

Although most of Hudson 's tests were conducted on schoolboys , he did conduct some tests on schoolgirls , amongst whom he found a different pattern :
although most of hudson 's tests were conducted on schoolboys , he did conduct some tests on schoolgirls , [among/of] whom he found a different pattern :

The relation of convergence and divergence to arts/science specialisation amongst girls proved to be far from clearcut .
the relation of convergence and divergence to arts/science specialisation [among/of] girls proved to be far from clearcut .

Cooper ( 1984 ) has suggested that there is far more disagreement amongst scientists than Kuhn allows for , which may well be true .
cooper ( 1984 ) has suggested that there is far more disagreement [among/of] scientists than kuhn allows for , which may well be true .

Several had considered maths or engineering , or both ; maths was generally dismissed as ‘ too theoretical ’ , while engineering was dismissed as ‘ too applied ’ : physics was held to be the perfect happy medium — applied enough to be ‘ relevant ’ ( a favourite adjective amongst both the science and the arts students ) , but theoretical enough to be stimulating and demanding .
several had considered maths or engineering , or both ; maths was generally dismissed as ‘ too theoretical ’ , while engineering was dismissed as ‘ too applied ’ : physics was held to be the perfect happy medium — applied enough to be ‘ relevant ’ ( a favourite adjective [among/of] both the science and the arts students ) , but theoretical enough to be stimulating and demanding .

Physics students made sense of their discipline through a series of dichotomies which contrasted the values embodied by physics with the values ( i.e. weaknesses ) of other disciplines . Chief amongst these were the following :
physics students made sense of their discipline through a series of dichotomies which contrasted the values embodied by physics with the values ( i.e. weaknesses ) of other disciplines . chief [among/of] these were the following :

This all-encompassing quality reveals a strong desire amongst students to understand and manipulate their environment .
this all-encompassing quality reveals a strong desire [among/of] students to understand and manipulate their environment .

Related to this was a feeling amongst students that they lacked independence .
related to this was a feeling [among/of] students that they lacked independence .

This was particularly the case amongst many of the female students , several of whom expressed anxiety about handling machinery or breaking expensive equipment ( unlike Paul , who was able to make jokes about it ) :
this was particularly the case [among/of] many of the female students , several of whom expressed anxiety about handling machinery or breaking expensive equipment ( unlike paul , who was able to make jokes about it ) :

Although departments could dispel needless anxiety by encouraging co-operation amongst students , they strengthen women 's sense of themselves as inadequate by making them work individually and competitively .
although departments could dispel needless anxiety by encouraging co-operation [among/of] students , they strengthen women 's sense of themselves as inadequate by making them work individually and competitively .

Two students in particular , Jane and Mark , embody many of the problems encountered by those students who were not amongst the department 's high-flyers .
two students in particular , jane and mark , embody many of the problems encountered by those students who were not [among/of] the department 's high-flyers .

Physics students were more tolerant than physical science students ; amongst the physicists , women were more tolerant than men .
physics students were more tolerant than physical science students ; [among/of] the physicists , women were more tolerant than men .

We began this chapter by noting the importance of certain ideas of science amongst both lecturers and students .
we began this chapter by noting the importance of certain ideas of science [among/of] both lecturers and students .

Amongst physicists , there was a belief that physics was essentially about understanding , while other science subjects such as chemistry were about the rote acquisition of ‘ facts ’ .
[among/of] physicists , there was a belief that physics was essentially about understanding , while other science subjects such as chemistry were about the rote acquisition of ‘ facts ’ .

Their first major venture was to organise a strike amongst the workforce of the Burmah Oil Company in 1938 .
their first major venture was to organise a strike [among/of] the workforce of the burmah oil company in 1938 .

Overwhelmingly those who gain live in small households , and particularly single-person households : 2.5 million single-pensioner households will gain , whereas the Government estimates less than a half a million losers amongst this group .
overwhelmingly those who gain live in small households , and particularly single-person households : 2.5 million single-pensioner households will gain , whereas the government estimates less than a half a million losers [among/of] this group .

The Government claims that the poor will be protected from finding themselves amongst this group of losers by the national system of rebates that will operate alongside the new scheme .
the government claims that the poor will be protected from finding themselves [among/of] this group of losers by the national system of rebates that will operate alongside the new scheme .

The significant increase in the number of people without work , the exclusion of the very poorest from the country 's rapidly rising living standards , the hardening of attitudes towards this group amongst those who feel they are ‘ making it ’ , together with the Thatcher Governments ' determination to widen class differences , are the root causes .
the significant increase in the number of people without work , the exclusion of the very poorest from the country 's rapidly rising living standards , the hardening of attitudes towards this group [among/of] those who feel they are ‘ making it ’ , together with the thatcher governments ' determination to widen class differences , are the root causes .

The fall in employment has been much more marked amongst male than female workers and this has affected the composition of union membership ; females now comprise almost 35 per cent of the entire membership .
the fall in employment has been much more marked [among/of] male than female workers and this has affected the composition of union membership ; females now comprise almost 35 per cent of the entire membership .

Throughout the 1960s , a number of surveys that highlighted the growing problem of low income and poverty amongst pensioners were carried out .
throughout the 1960s , a number of surveys that highlighted the growing problem of low income and poverty [among/of] pensioners were carried out .

Coverage by occupational pension schemes is not , however , evenly distributed amongst all social classes .
coverage by occupational pension schemes is not , however , evenly distributed [among/of] all social classes .

There is therefore a need to raise skill levels both amongst those in work and those seeking work .
there is therefore a need to raise skill levels both [among/of] those in work and those seeking work .

Raising the level of skills amongst British workers is so crucial , not only to any immediate programme of moving back to full employment , but also to maintaining and improving Britain 's long-term performance , that the question of training can not be left to the free play of market forces .
raising the level of skills [among/of] british workers is so crucial , not only to any immediate programme of moving back to full employment , but also to maintaining and improving britain 's long-term performance , that the question of training can not be left to the free play of market forces .

Tax reform has a crucial part to play in springing the underclass from welfare dependency , as well as building up support for such a programme amongst a much wider group of the electorate .
tax reform has a crucial part to play in springing the underclass from welfare dependency , as well as building up support for such a programme [among/of] a much wider group of the electorate .

The type of sampling used in the five community studies is quotasampling , and our main concern is not to claim absolute representativeness for the whole city , but to guard ourselves against the accusation that our informants might be hand-picked from amongst friends and neighbours — or , worse , from our students .
the type of sampling used in the five community studies is quotasampling , and our main concern is not to claim absolute representativeness for the whole city , but to guard ourselves against the accusation that our informants might be hand-picked from [among/of] friends and neighbours — or , worse , from our students .

In this respect , therefore , our work conforms to the general principles of Labov 's work and is not comparable with studies ( experimental or otherwise ) that are based on the language of , for example , RP-speaking or near RP-speaking persons from amongst the analyst 's own university students .
in this respect , therefore , our work conforms to the general principles of labov 's work and is not comparable with studies ( experimental or otherwise ) that are based on the language of , for example , rp-speaking or near rp-speaking persons from [among/of] the analyst 's own university students .

Scores for /a/ backing are higher for East Belfast males than for any other groups studied , and the range of environments in which backing operates is extended to voiceless stops amongst younger East Belfast males .
scores for /a/ backing are higher for east belfast males than for any other groups studied , and the range of environments in which backing operates is extended to voiceless stops [among/of] younger east belfast males .

Although ‘ classical ’ phoneme theory does not allow allophonic overlapping and approximation without merger , the Belfast research suggests that overlap and merger of phones in particular environments are common , and that they are amongst the patterns noticed when linguistic change is observed in progress .
although ‘ classical ’ phoneme theory does not allow allophonic overlapping and approximation without merger , the belfast research suggests that overlap and merger of phones in particular environments are common , and that they are [among/of] the patterns noticed when linguistic change is observed in progress .

In such a context , then , it is not surprising to find that skill sharing will occur more frequently and easily , and that job rotation may be used to facilitate both formal skill sharing and informal learning amongst employees ( Koike , 1981 ) .
in such a context , then , it is not surprising to find that skill sharing will occur more frequently and easily , and that job rotation may be used to facilitate both formal skill sharing and informal learning [among/of] employees ( koike , 1981 ) .

The Macleod Report had specifically advocated increasing political debate and discussion amongst the YCs .
the macleod report had specifically advocated increasing political debate and discussion [among/of] the ycs .

Amongst the YCs , the lack of suitable volunteers can lead to surprising results .
[among/of] the ycs , the lack of suitable volunteers can lead to surprising results .

Amongst the 1792 output was a pair of portraits , which attracted great attention .
[among/of] the 1792 output was a pair of portraits , which attracted great attention .

They flourish in part because the benefit of limited liability must be weighed against the need for legal formalities in the formation , running and closure of companies , amongst other burdens which operating as a company brings ( e.g .
they flourish in part because the benefit of limited liability must be weighed against the need for legal formalities in the formation , running and closure of companies , [among/of] other burdens which operating as a company brings ( e.g .

If a company is formed without limited liability it will enjoy the benefits of being a corporate personality . Amongst other things :
if a company is formed without limited liability it will enjoy the benefits of being a corporate personality . [among/of] other things :

The normal forms of express covenant contained in a lease include amongst others a covenant to repair by the tenant , and a covenant that the tenant will not sublet the premises .
the normal forms of express covenant contained in a lease include [among/of] others a covenant to repair by the tenant , and a covenant that the tenant will not sublet the premises .

His examples taken from fieldwork amongst the Kabylia of Algeria , using house form , motor-habit and calenders , provide abundant further evidence for this relationship between the order of artefacts and the unconscious absorption and creation of cultural form .
his examples taken from fieldwork [among/of] the kabylia of algeria , using house form , motor-habit and calenders , provide abundant further evidence for this relationship between the order of artefacts and the unconscious absorption and creation of cultural form .

In a study of masks used amongst the American Indians of the north-west coast , he shows the Xwexwe masks of the Kwakiutl , with their bulging eyes , protruding jaws and tongues , are the inverse transformation of their Dzonkwa mask which have sunken eyes , hollow cheeks , and no tongue , but are the same as those masks called Swaihwe of the neighbouring Sailish .
in a study of masks used [among/of] the american indians of the north-west coast , he shows the xwexwe masks of the kwakiutl , with their bulging eyes , protruding jaws and tongues , are the inverse transformation of their dzonkwa mask which have sunken eyes , hollow cheeks , and no tongue , but are the same as those masks called swaihwe of the neighbouring sailish .

Kroeber and his followers devoted considerable effort to studies ranging from changes in skirt length over several decades to the diffusion and diversity of artefact styles amongst Californian Indians ( Kroeber 1939 ) .
kroeber and his followers devoted considerable effort to studies ranging from changes in skirt length over several decades to the diffusion and diversity of artefact styles [among/of] californian indians ( kroeber 1939 ) .

Thus , ‘ It would seem then that the clue to finding real partitioning amongst goods must be to trace some underlying partitioning in society ’ ( 1980 : 907 ) .
thus , ‘ it would seem then that the clue to finding real partitioning [among/of] goods must be to trace some underlying partitioning in society ’ ( 1980 : 907 ) .

The line item/input approach prevents proper political choice amongst objectives and the rational allocation of resources .
the line item/input approach prevents proper political choice [among/of] objectives and the rational allocation of resources .

There is little or no realization amongst reformers , however , that any effective change in budgetary relationships must necessarily alter the outcomes of the budgetary process … proposed reforms inevitably contain important implications for the system ; that is , for the ‘ who gets what ’ of government decisions .
there is little or no realization [among/of] reformers , however , that any effective change in budgetary relationships must necessarily alter the outcomes of the budgetary process … proposed reforms inevitably contain important implications for the system ; that is , for the ‘ who gets what ’ of government decisions .

Britain 's £750 million-a-year maternity services need better planning and more resources to tackle unacceptably high levels of perinatal deaths amongst the babies of the poor and deprived , the National Audit Office , Parliament 's financial watchdog , said in a report published yesterday . ( The Guardian , March 1990 )
britain 's £750 million-a-year maternity services need better planning and more resources to tackle unacceptably high levels of perinatal deaths [among/of] the babies of the poor and deprived , the national audit office , parliament 's financial watchdog , said in a report published yesterday . ( the guardian , march 1990 )

Innovation almost always involves a prolonged battle amongst numerous people and requires tremendous stamina and confidence on the part of a champion ( Schon , 1963 ; Servo , 1988 ) .
innovation almost always involves a prolonged battle [among/of] numerous people and requires tremendous stamina and confidence on the part of a champion ( schon , 1963 ; servo , 1988 ) .

Thus , for example , Cowart ( 1969 , p. 223 ) suggested that welfare programmes are ‘ perceived as a ‘ gravy train ’ for low income Negroes ' by white southern politicians and as ‘ a promoter of illegitimacy ’ amongst them .
thus , for example , cowart ( 1969 , p. 223 ) suggested that welfare programmes are ‘ perceived as a ‘ gravy train ’ for low income negroes ' by white southern politicians and as ‘ a promoter of illegitimacy ’ [among/of] them .

In some cases it is , but in others it is not ; this judgement certainly does not figure amongst the basic set of intuitive judgements on which we base our analyses .
in some cases it is , but in others it is not ; this judgement certainly does not figure [among/of] the basic set of intuitive judgements on which we base our analyses .

Once returns began to grow and disillusion amongst consumers had set in , the new players began to withdraw from the market almost as quickly as they had entered .
once returns began to grow and disillusion [among/of] consumers had set in , the new players began to withdraw from the market almost as quickly as they had entered .

By September 1991 , the following titles were amongst those announced for autumn and spring publication .
by september 1991 , the following titles were [among/of] those announced for autumn and spring publication .

The waiters are still standing attentively amongst the mahogany and chintz .
the waiters are still standing attentively [among/of] the mahogany and chintz .

From our earlier discussion it is evident that opinion is divided amongst those who have tried to evaluate national programmes .
from our earlier discussion it is evident that opinion is divided [among/of] those who have tried to evaluate national programmes .

Its traces are still just visible amongst the wreckage of the modern urban motorway system .
its traces are still just visible [among/of] the wreckage of the modern urban motorway system .

It is not always easy to find the old , late nineteenth — or early twentieth-century Biarritz amongst the new .
it is not always easy to find the old , late nineteenth — or early twentieth-century biarritz [among/of] the new .

The road to follow up into the low hills is marked with the sign ‘ Coteaux de Jurançon ’ , though it is also quite easy to lose once you are up there ; but when vineyards are so thin on the ground as it were in this part of the country , there is every reason to get briefly lost amongst them .
the road to follow up into the low hills is marked with the sign ‘ coteaux de jurançon ’ , though it is also quite easy to lose once you are up there ; but when vineyards are so thin on the ground as it were in this part of the country , there is every reason to get briefly lost [among/of] them .

Avtar Brah and Rehana Minhas ( 1986 ) , amongst others , have challenged the cultural racism and the insensitivity to the vibrancy of Asian female cultures embedded in this type of representation .
avtar brah and rehana minhas ( 1986 ) , [among/of] others , have challenged the cultural racism and the insensitivity to the vibrancy of asian female cultures embedded in this type of representation .

They are still weakened , however , by the absence of a more complex understanding of the contradictions , ambivalences and resistances of the popular cultures of racism amongst white youth .
they are still weakened , however , by the absence of a more complex understanding of the contradictions , ambivalences and resistances of the popular cultures of racism [among/of] white youth .

Rational choice theories are often popular amongst left antiracists inspired by a particular reading of Marx .
rational choice theories are often popular [among/of] left antiracists inspired by a particular reading of marx .

The officer who handed us the unofficial communique was risking his neck by taking a public stance against racism amongst his colleagues .
the officer who handed us the unofficial communique was risking his neck by taking a public stance against racism [among/of] his colleagues .

It is a giant amongst rivers , the longest and mightiest in the world .
it is a giant [among/of] rivers , the longest and mightiest in the world .

They eke out an existence in cardboard and tin shacks amongst the graves .
they eke out an existence in cardboard and tin shacks [among/of] the graves .

Here and there a few people moved about amongst the chicken coops and the junk : a girl chasing a goose into a pen , a boy flying a kite .
here and there a few people moved about [among/of] the chicken coops and the junk : a girl chasing a goose into a pen , a boy flying a kite .

Beyond the 6th of October bridge we found ourselves amongst an agitated crowd .
beyond the 6th of october bridge we found ourselves [among/of] an agitated crowd .

Boats full of musicians and dancing girls passed amongst them .
boats full of musicians and dancing girls passed [among/of] them .

The grass grew wild , and the heavy bunches of grapes were almost hidden amongst the vine leaves .
the grass grew wild , and the heavy bunches of grapes were almost hidden [among/of] the vine leaves .

The dresses were open-necked and the women were continually drawing out long thin breasts to feed one of the multitude of infants crawling amongst the baggage .
the dresses were open-necked and the women were continually drawing out long thin breasts to feed one of the multitude of infants crawling [among/of] the baggage .

Their reputation amongst Europeans has not always been high .
their reputation [among/of] europeans has not always been high .

Somewhere amongst the ochrous jumble of mountains to the south Moses had received the Ten Commandments .
somewhere [among/of] the ochrous jumble of mountains to the south moses had received the ten commandments .

We wondered if the musicians and bare-breasted dancers amongst the tomb paintings brought them comfort or torment .
we wondered if the musicians and bare-breasted dancers [among/of] the tomb paintings brought them comfort or torment .

It is Ptolemaic and is rare amongst the buildings of ancient Egypt for being architecturally intact .
it is ptolemaic and is rare [among/of] the buildings of ancient egypt for being architecturally intact .

It crept in amongst the ordered ranks of hieroglyphics in a simple line of graffiti , scrawled in French , on the hull of one of the royal barques : `` You must not forget me . ``
it crept in [among/of] the ordered ranks of hieroglyphics in a simple line of graffiti , scrawled in french , on the hull of one of the royal barques : `` you must not forget me . ``

This seems to obtain even when occupational levels are taken into account , so that temporary working is more prevalent amongst people in higher level service occupations than amongst those in higher level industrial occupations .
this seems to obtain even when occupational levels are taken into account , so that temporary working is more prevalent [among/of] people in higher level service occupations than [among/of] those in higher level industrial occupations .

There is a relatively high incidence of temporary working amongst professionals in education ( particularly school and university teachers and researchers ) , who have highly transferable skills , and amongst professionals in health and welfare ( doctors and nurses ) , for whom the same holds .
there is a relatively high incidence of temporary working [among/of] professionals in education ( particularly school and university teachers and researchers ) , who have highly transferable skills , and [among/of] professionals in health and welfare ( doctors and nurses ) , for whom the same holds .

As Table 2.4 shows , the proportion of seasonal , temporary and casual workers is generally higher amongst persons in service occupations than amongst persons in industrial occupations , but also the proportion of fixed contract workers is higher the more skilled the level of occupation .
as table 2.4 shows , the proportion of seasonal , temporary and casual workers is generally higher [among/of] persons in service occupations than [among/of] persons in industrial occupations , but also the proportion of fixed contract workers is higher the more skilled the level of occupation .

They are also disproportionately represented amongst a particular category of temporary workers , namely those working on a seasonal , temporary or casual basis , where they make up 64 per cent of the total , and amongst agency workers , where they account for 63 per cent of the total .
they are also disproportionately represented [among/of] a particular category of temporary workers , namely those working on a seasonal , temporary or casual basis , where they make up 64 per cent of the total , and [among/of] agency workers , where they account for 63 per cent of the total .

Nevertheless , in certain occupations there was still a tendency for women to be over-represented amongst those working on a temporary basis .
nevertheless , in certain occupations there was still a tendency for women to be over-represented [among/of] those working on a temporary basis .

Amongst over 20 year olds the share of temporary workers is below the average , and it falls for each age group until the pensionable age is reached .
[among/of] over 20 year olds the share of temporary workers is below the average , and it falls for each age group until the pensionable age is reached .

Amongst teenagers in temporary jobs the importance of special measures was particularly pronounced .
[among/of] teenagers in temporary jobs the importance of special measures was particularly pronounced .

The proportion of participants in special employment programmes amongst temporary workers has to be taken into account in assessing the growth of temporary working over times .
the proportion of participants in special employment programmes [among/of] temporary workers has to be taken into account in assessing the growth of temporary working over times .

Teenagers are also heavily over-represented amongst the temporary labour force ; a substantial number of them are still at school and are working part-time .
teenagers are also heavily over-represented [among/of] the temporary labour force ; a substantial number of them are still at school and are working part-time .

Indeed , that part of the over-representation of teenagers amongst the temporary labour force which is not explained by the temporary working of persons still at school is explained by the high proportion of the age group in special youth training schemes .
indeed , that part of the over-representation of teenagers [among/of] the temporary labour force which is not explained by the temporary working of persons still at school is explained by the high proportion of the age group in special youth training schemes .

However , it is also interesting to examine its role in the transition from employment to unemployment , both to see if those finishing temporary assignments are over-represented amongst people becoming jobless , and more particularly to see if temporary working is related to the phenomenon of recurrent unemployment .
however , it is also interesting to examine its role in the transition from employment to unemployment , both to see if those finishing temporary assignments are over-represented [among/of] people becoming jobless , and more particularly to see if temporary working is related to the phenomenon of recurrent unemployment .

We have already indicated that the incidence of `` involuntary `` temporary working is lower amongst agency workers than amongst all temporary workers .
we have already indicated that the incidence of `` involuntary `` temporary working is lower [among/of] agency workers than [among/of] all temporary workers .

This is not to say that trade unions are not concerned about casual workers in the hotel and catering industry ; they very much are and are very keen to Increase their membership amongst them .
this is not to say that trade unions are not concerned about casual workers in the hotel and catering industry ; they very much are and are very keen to increase their membership [among/of] them .

Nevertheless , in terms of the numbers of temporary workers involved , the industries we consider are amongst the most important ones .
nevertheless , in terms of the numbers of temporary workers involved , the industries we consider are [among/of] the most important ones .

Organizations operating in the north of the country spoke of recruiting seasonal workers from amongst people who had contacted them looking for permanent positions .
organizations operating in the north of the country spoke of recruiting seasonal workers from [among/of] people who had contacted them looking for permanent positions .

Students tend to leave towards the end of the season in order to take a vacation before returning to college ; but it is not only amongst this group that turnover levels are high .
students tend to leave towards the end of the season in order to take a vacation before returning to college ; but it is not only [among/of] this group that turnover levels are high .

For example , the dismissal of temporary workers did not require the same consultations or negotiations to be opened with the trade unions as would be necessary if redundancies amongst the regular labour force were proposed .
for example , the dismissal of temporary workers did not require the same consultations or negotiations to be opened with the trade unions as would be necessary if redundancies [among/of] the regular labour force were proposed .

As the season drew to a close it actively encouraged early retirement and voluntary redundancy amongst its older or less productive workers and filled the resulting vacancies with the most productive temporary workers .
as the season drew to a close it actively encouraged early retirement and voluntary redundancy [among/of] its older or less productive workers and filled the resulting vacancies with the most productive temporary workers .

The incidence of part-time working is much higher amongst those with seasonal , temporary or casual jobs than those with fixed term contract jobs ( 69 per cent as opposed to 25 per cent ) .
the incidence of part-time working is much higher [among/of] those with seasonal , temporary or casual jobs than those with fixed term contract jobs ( 69 per cent as opposed to 25 per cent ) .

Such rulings have aroused concern amongst academic lawyers and other socio-legal researchers , but it has to be asked whether they are likely to have any far reaching impact .
such rulings have aroused concern [among/of] academic lawyers and other socio-legal researchers , but it has to be asked whether they are likely to have any far reaching impact .

This is the story of a unique ten-year voyage of exploration amongst the steamy islands of the volcanic Indonesian archipelago .
this is the story of a unique ten-year voyage of exploration [among/of] the steamy islands of the volcanic indonesian archipelago .

For nine months of storms and doldrums we drifted amongst forgotten kingdoms of silk and gold , fire-walkers , grave-robbers , pearl-divers and pirates .
for nine months of storms and doldrums we drifted [among/of] forgotten kingdoms of silk and gold , fire-walkers , grave-robbers , pearl-divers and pirates .

Amongst them are the last great wild gardens of the earth still harbouring uncatalogued varieties of creatures and man .
[among/of] them are the last great wild gardens of the earth still harbouring uncatalogued varieties of creatures and man .

Now dwelling only amongst the remotest regions of Third World nations , they represent the final fraying link in a hitherto unbroken chain of memory which stretches to the roots of the whole human tribe .
now dwelling only [among/of] the remotest regions of third world nations , they represent the final fraying link in a hitherto unbroken chain of memory which stretches to the roots of the whole human tribe .

Amongst them are found the last adepts of controlled altered states , out-of-the-body experience , psycho-navigation , environmental wisdom and time-honoured alternative methods of giving birth , healing , living and dying .
[among/of] them are found the last adepts of controlled altered states , out-of-the-body experience , psycho-navigation , environmental wisdom and time-honoured alternative methods of giving birth , healing , living and dying .

What began for us as the effort to capture a purely objective record of what we saw gradually dissolved into a quest , an odyssey of self-discovery which actually took place amongst the last of the lands of real living kings and queens , dragons and pirates , cannibals and headhunters , mystics and magicians .
what began for us as the effort to capture a purely objective record of what we saw gradually dissolved into a quest , an odyssey of self-discovery which actually took place [among/of] the last of the lands of real living kings and queens , dragons and pirates , cannibals and headhunters , mystics and magicians .

The job required the smallest possible team , for maximum mobility and minimum social impact , capable of staying for indefinite periods in unexplored territory amongst barely known peoples , while eating their food , speaking their language and sharing their lives as intimately as possible .
the job required the smallest possible team , for maximum mobility and minimum social impact , capable of staying for indefinite periods in unexplored territory [among/of] barely known peoples , while eating their food , speaking their language and sharing their lives as intimately as possible .

In the early days , when we had some money to spare , we would contribute to the village festivals and later , when we fell on harder times , and they had become richer and more famous for their art amongst international collectors , they would support us .
in the early days , when we had some money to spare , we would contribute to the village festivals and later , when we fell on harder times , and they had become richer and more famous for their art [among/of] international collectors , they would support us .

Wherever we travelled amongst the islands we would collect rare and exotic shells which became for us like fragile clues in a paper-chase of changing life-forms as we moved across historical as well as zoographical boundaries .
wherever we travelled [among/of] the islands we would collect rare and exotic shells which became for us like fragile clues in a paper-chase of changing life-forms as we moved across historical as well as zoographical boundaries .

Far more than a further unsavoury tale of professional infighting for accreditation amongst the greats , the out-come — on the principle that the discoverer leaves his imprint on his discovery — has profoundly affected the subsequent tenor of both science and the humanities .
far more than a further unsavoury tale of professional infighting for accreditation [among/of] the greats , the out-come — on the principle that the discoverer leaves his imprint on his discovery — has profoundly affected the subsequent tenor of both science and the humanities .

Recognizing amongst the life-filled Indonesian islands a way of being and mind as alien as it was complementary to Western thought , Wallace 's writings were also amongst the first to gleam with an enlightened futurism .
recognizing [among/of] the life-filled indonesian islands a way of being and mind as alien as it was complementary to western thought , wallace 's writings were also [among/of] the first to gleam with an enlightened futurism .

He was amongst the earliest modern scientists to confront seriously the supernatural dimensions of nature and mind , and was a pioneering author who supported , amongst other novel ideas , equal rights for women , social justice , nature conservation and land distribution .
he was [among/of] the earliest modern scientists to confront seriously the supernatural dimensions of nature and mind , and was a pioneering author who supported , [among/of] other novel ideas , equal rights for women , social justice , nature conservation and land distribution .

Whereas Darwin had laboured with left-brain precision in solitary confinement with fossils and formaldehyde , Wallace had wandered , alone and open-minded , through the cauldron of the world , amongst a diversity of life unimagined by Western minds .
whereas darwin had laboured with left-brain precision in solitary confinement with fossils and formaldehyde , wallace had wandered , alone and open-minded , through the cauldron of the world , [among/of] a diversity of life unimagined by western minds .

The fertile biochemistry of forests constantly racked and renewed by volcanic eruption — which once prevailed throughout the cooling surface of the globe — still continues in Indonesia , and amongst her trembling islands we find time-capsules of our earliest beginnings , when dragons stalked the earth .
the fertile biochemistry of forests constantly racked and renewed by volcanic eruption — which once prevailed throughout the cooling surface of the globe — still continues in indonesia , and [among/of] her trembling islands we find time-capsules of our earliest beginnings , when dragons stalked the earth .

Built in the eighth century by an unknown Shivite sect , they honour the elephant god Ganeesh — the Hindu patron of , amongst other things , partying , wisdom and jovial abundance .
built in the eighth century by an unknown shivite sect , they honour the elephant god ganeesh — the hindu patron of , [among/of] other things , partying , wisdom and jovial abundance .

Although the people who built this temple have long since vanished , legend has it that during certain summer full moons the wild elephants arrive to roister amongst the ruins .
although the people who built this temple have long since vanished , legend has it that during certain summer full moons the wild elephants arrive to roister [among/of] the ruins .

There is increasing evidence that the original island peoples did not migrate eastwards from continental Asia , but evolved independently for millennia amongst the isolated atolls of the south Pacific — resulting in a different turn of mind .
there is increasing evidence that the original island peoples did not migrate eastwards from continental asia , but evolved independently for millennia [among/of] the isolated atolls of the south pacific — resulting in a different turn of mind .

We met her under various guises throughout the islands : with the Bugis pirates in the Moluccas , where we cast offerings into her whirlpool ; and amongst the tribesfolk of Sumba who rely on her signal in the form of the one night each year when Sumba 's beaches briefly swarm with red sea-worm — to initiate their deadly war-sport between lance-throwing armies of mounted warriors .
we met her under various guises throughout the islands : with the bugis pirates in the moluccas , where we cast offerings into her whirlpool ; and [among/of] the tribesfolk of sumba who rely on her signal in the form of the one night each year when sumba 's beaches briefly swarm with red sea-worm — to initiate their deadly war-sport between lance-throwing armies of mounted warriors .

Here in Indonesia , at the most fragile geographical division between the earth 's outer , congealed crust and its inner , molten magma , we also found amongst the peoples themselves the thinnest division between our more recently evolved left-brain , rational faculties , and the millennia-old storehouse of right-brain intuitive wisdom .
here in indonesia , at the most fragile geographical division between the earth 's outer , congealed crust and its inner , molten magma , we also found [among/of] the peoples themselves the thinnest division between our more recently evolved left-brain , rational faculties , and the millennia-old storehouse of right-brain intuitive wisdom .

Isolated for long periods amongst little-known peoples , our sole defence lay in a sort of encounter therapy , a complete vulnerability to our hosts ' ways of being and seeing .
isolated for long periods [among/of] little-known peoples , our sole defence lay in a sort of encounter therapy , a complete vulnerability to our hosts ' ways of being and seeing .

In Bali , amongst the community of wise and loving farmer artists where we have our home , such a stunt would be as unbelievable as it would be unnecessary , for when it comes to the supernatural — or human trickery , for that matter — the Balinese are old hands .
in bali , [among/of] the community of wise and loving farmer artists where we have our home , such a stunt would be as unbelievable as it would be unnecessary , for when it comes to the supernatural — or human trickery , for that matter — the balinese are old hands .

Disciplined in ritual dance from an early age , there are now several young Balinese who rank amongst the world 's top competitive surfers .
disciplined in ritual dance from an early age , there are now several young balinese who rank [among/of] the world 's top competitive surfers .

Our close friend Bobby Radiasa , whom we trained as a soundman and took around the islands on our last expedition , was amongst the first intrepid handful of Bali 's surfers . ``
our close friend bobby radiasa , whom we trained as a soundman and took around the islands on our last expedition , was [among/of] the first intrepid handful of bali 's surfers . ``

Tau-Taus , together with textiles and carved panels , are amongst the Toraja 's artistic products most coveted by ethnographic collectors .
tau-taus , together with textiles and carved panels , are [among/of] the toraja 's artistic products most coveted by ethnographic collectors .

Amongst them were the rare white , or pink , variety unique to the Toraja , with china-blue eyes like a Siamese cat , and each worth twenty times more than an ordinary buffalo .
[among/of] them were the rare white , or pink , variety unique to the toraja , with china-blue eyes like a siamese cat , and each worth twenty times more than an ordinary buffalo .

Rushing about the Rante , attached like Siamese twins by a synch-pulse cable , tripping over and swearing at each other , burying our heads for mysterious minutes in black film-changing bags , endlessly sticking our noses into other people 's business was a cause for considerable levity amongst the participants .
rushing about the rante , attached like siamese twins by a synch-pulse cable , tripping over and swearing at each other , burying our heads for mysterious minutes in black film-changing bags , endlessly sticking our noses into other people 's business was a cause for considerable levity [among/of] the participants .

The Bugis were amongst the great seafaring tribes of South-East Asia .
the bugis were [among/of] the great seafaring tribes of south-east asia .

At least , `` he finished quietly , `` if you simply have a woman 's soul , but are not potentially a priest , you can still find a place of peace and acceptance amongst us , away from the community . ``
at least , `` he finished quietly , `` if you simply have a woman 's soul , but are not potentially a priest , you can still find a place of peace and acceptance [among/of] us , away from the community . ``

In his spotless home , amongst his large and benevolent family , we were fed enormous meals , shown their exotic collection of shells and sponges , and pumped for all we knew about the outside world .
in his spotless home , [among/of] his large and benevolent family , we were fed enormous meals , shown their exotic collection of shells and sponges , and pumped for all we knew about the outside world .

The loamy bat-dung crawled with poisonous six-inch millipedes , and at one point we automatically prostrated ourselves amongst them as a horde of disturbed bats swept towards us to escape .
the loamy bat-dung crawled with poisonous six-inch millipedes , and at one point we automatically prostrated ourselves [among/of] them as a horde of disturbed bats swept towards us to escape .

One belonged to the one-toothed Ladjang , and was shared amongst a few fastidious members of the crew ; the other was Tandri 's , to be used by no one , not even himself .
one belonged to the one-toothed ladjang , and was shared [among/of] a few fastidious members of the crew ; the other was tandri 's , to be used by no one , not even himself .

Once amongst the world 's greatest blue-water navigators , guided by wave patterns and the clues in seaweed and bird droppings , the Bugis had now lost so much confidence in their old ways that they had been reduced to coast-hugging , on the principle that if their ships sank they at least had a chance of making it ashore alive .
once [among/of] the world 's greatest blue-water navigators , guided by wave patterns and the clues in seaweed and bird droppings , the bugis had now lost so much confidence in their old ways that they had been reduced to coast-hugging , on the principle that if their ships sank they at least had a chance of making it ashore alive .

He had spent several years amongst the small Indonesian islands off Singapore .
he had spent several years [among/of] the small indonesian islands off singapore .

Almost without exception , they were breathtakingly beautiful ; their every movement a languid dance , and their smiles open and confident — so different from the shy tittering behind shawls that we had seen amongst the Bugis girls .
almost without exception , they were breathtakingly beautiful ; their every movement a languid dance , and their smiles open and confident — so different from the shy tittering behind shawls that we had seen [among/of] the bugis girls .

They can be divided exactly amongst 5 girls so that each receives 9 .
they can be divided exactly [among/of] 5 girls so that each receives 9 .

Stephanie and Mrs Owen , clutching notes , bottles , knitting , Wordsworth , turned left and right and were greeted by a fat nurse who put their bottles on a tray amongst jam-jars with cellophane frills , various medicine bottles , a gin bottle and a large ketchup pot .
stephanie and mrs owen , clutching notes , bottles , knitting , wordsworth , turned left and right and were greeted by a fat nurse who put their bottles on a tray [among/of] jam-jars with cellophane frills , various medicine bottles , a gin bottle and a large ketchup pot .

Wordsworth read differently amongst so much , so various flesh .
wordsworth read differently [among/of] so much , so various flesh .

In the early days of Marcus 's retreat or illness Winifred had come regularly ; Bill had not , partly because `` they `` had said better to leave Marcus alone , partly because he disapproved of Daniel , the Church of England , Christianity and Stephanie 's burial of her talent amongst these things .
in the early days of marcus 's retreat or illness winifred had come regularly ; bill had not , partly because `` they `` had said better to leave marcus alone , partly because he disapproved of daniel , the church of england , christianity and stephanie 's burial of her talent [among/of] these things .

Two teenage boys , Neil and Simon , with muscular dystrophy , immobilised now forever , propped up side by side with twig-arms disposed lightly on clean sheets and skeletal intelligent faces cocked at unnatural angles , open-mouthed , amongst the pillows .
two teenage boys , neil and simon , with muscular dystrophy , immobilised now forever , propped up side by side with twig-arms disposed lightly on clean sheets and skeletal intelligent faces cocked at unnatural angles , open-mouthed , [among/of] the pillows .

She spent time shelling boiled chestnuts to sit amongst the traditional sprouts .
she spent time shelling boiled chestnuts to sit [among/of] the traditional sprouts .

Support can be found for each of those two points of view both in the authorities and also amongst the textbook writers .
support can be found for each of those two points of view both in the authorities and also [among/of] the textbook writers .

Amongst all these fugitives seeking to surrender to the British in those first few days were the two groups whose fate is the particular concern of this report .
[among/of] all these fugitives seeking to surrender to the british in those first few days were the two groups whose fate is the particular concern of this report .

Edible plants that stained the skin while being prepared for eating , or being eaten , such as blackberries , would have been amongst the first to be tried for dyeing ; gradually the range of colours available from plants increased by using combinations of dyes to take in every shade possible .
edible plants that stained the skin while being prepared for eating , or being eaten , such as blackberries , would have been [among/of] the first to be tried for dyeing ; gradually the range of colours available from plants increased by using combinations of dyes to take in every shade possible .

In particular , the Kitchen herbs are liable not to be used unless they are very close to hand for the cook ; in the rush of making up food amongst all the other demands being made at the same time , a trough or window-box of herbs on the Kitchen windowsill or just outside the backdoor will ensure that culinary herbs are used daily .
in particular , the kitchen herbs are liable not to be used unless they are very close to hand for the cook ; in the rush of making up food [among/of] all the other demands being made at the same time , a trough or window-box of herbs on the kitchen windowsill or just outside the backdoor will ensure that culinary herbs are used daily .

For more exotic kitchen herbs , choices are amongst dill , coriander , chervil , and the savories , winter and summer .
for more exotic kitchen herbs , choices are [among/of] dill , coriander , chervil , and the savories , winter and summer .

You can , of course , spend time on their care ; working amongst herbs in a herb garden is a particular pleasure to which fragrance , nostalgia , usefulness and the anticipatory satisfaction of one 's stomach all contribute .
you can , of course , spend time on their care ; working [among/of] herbs in a herb garden is a particular pleasure to which fragrance , nostalgia , usefulness and the anticipatory satisfaction of one 's stomach all contribute .

On a warm , sunny day , when the bees and butterflies are working amongst the flowers , and your fingers are releasing the aromatic oils into the atmosphere , tranquillity and contentment unavoidably seep into one 's outlook .
on a warm , sunny day , when the bees and butterflies are working [among/of] the flowers , and your fingers are releasing the aromatic oils into the atmosphere , tranquillity and contentment unavoidably seep into one 's outlook .

Sowing seed amongst lumps of soil , even if they are only 6 mm ( ¼ in ) in diameter , will not result in seedlings — the seed simply does not germinate , however much you water the soil and protect it from cold .
sowing seed [among/of] lumps of soil , even if they are only 6 mm ( ¼ in ) in diameter , will not result in seedlings — the seed simply does not germinate , however much you water the soil and protect it from cold .

Salad burnet is a European plant , native to Britain where it grows on chalky soil amongst grass , such as the downlands of the south .
salad burnet is a european plant , native to britain where it grows on chalky soil [among/of] grass , such as the downlands of the south .

Chives are amongst the most well-known of culinary herbs , and their delicate onion flavour has been added to food where the stronger onion would overwhelm everything else , for hundreds of years .
chives are [among/of] the most well-known of culinary herbs , and their delicate onion flavour has been added to food where the stronger onion would overwhelm everything else , for hundreds of years .

It was found amongst the names of herbs used by Egyptian doctors 5,000 years ago and remains of the plant have been found in the ruins of Roman buildings in Britain .
it was found [among/of] the names of herbs used by egyptian doctors 5,000 years ago and remains of the plant have been found in the ruins of roman buildings in britain .

amongst household linen and clothing for perfumery and insect repellent
[among/of] household linen and clothing for perfumery and insect repellent

The somewhat bitter though minty flavour of hyssop leaves has given them a mixed reception amongst cooks and gourmets. so it is not surprising that hyssop 's original use was medicinal , as suggested by the specific name — officinalis ( from the Latin officina , workshop ) indicates that the plant was authorized for use by the medical profession and could be sold in pharmacies .
the somewhat bitter though minty flavour of hyssop leaves has given them a mixed reception [among/of] cooks and gourmets. so it is not surprising that hyssop 's original use was medicinal , as suggested by the specific name — officinalis ( from the latin officina , workshop ) indicates that the plant was authorized for use by the medical profession and could be sold in pharmacies .

It is certainly amongst the oldest of the European herbs , and it was its very pungency that made it popular with the palates of our tougher ancestors .
it is certainly [among/of] the oldest of the european herbs , and it was its very pungency that made it popular with the palates of our tougher ancestors .

There are frequent references to it in Anglo-Saxon writings , and the Greeks and Romans made much use of it ; the Greek army doctor Dioscorides listed it amongst medical herbs , and Pliny also describes it .
there are frequent references to it in anglo-saxon writings , and the greeks and romans made much use of it ; the greek army doctor dioscorides listed it [among/of] medical herbs , and pliny also describes it .

In the twenty-nine years that have passed since Lloyd George 's death , he has continued to stir up furious argument amongst historians and biographers .
in the twenty-nine years that have passed since lloyd george 's death , he has continued to stir up furious argument [among/of] historians and biographers .

The `` real property `` and `` the real respectability `` of the new centres of population would thus be given political weight , and the national electorate would be enlarged by `` about half a million persons , and these all connected with the property of the country , having a valuable stake amongst us , and deeply interested in our institutions ' …
the `` real property `` and `` the real respectability `` of the new centres of population would thus be given political weight , and the national electorate would be enlarged by `` about half a million persons , and these all connected with the property of the country , having a valuable stake [among/of] us , and deeply interested in our institutions ' …

As Keynes wrote `` 'The Treaty includes no provision for the economic rehabilitation of Europe , nor does it promote in any way a compact of economic solidarity amongst the allies themselves ; no arrangement was reached at Paris to adjust the system of the Old World and the New `` .
as keynes wrote `` 'the treaty includes no provision for the economic rehabilitation of europe , nor does it promote in any way a compact of economic solidarity [among/of] the allies themselves ; no arrangement was reached at paris to adjust the system of the old world and the new `` .

The duck leave small piles of finely-crushed mussel shells at their favoured resting sites , amongst which the dog-whelk shells-which remain entire — are very conspicuous .
the duck leave small piles of finely-crushed mussel shells at their favoured resting sites , [among/of] which the dog-whelk shells-which remain entire — are very conspicuous .

Crabs select the larger individuals from amongst first-year dog-whelks ( Feare , 1970a ) so that rapid growth at this stage may decrease the individual 's chances of survival .
crabs select the larger individuals from [among/of] first-year dog-whelks ( feare , 1970a ) so that rapid growth at this stage may decrease the individual 's chances of survival .

Amongst the survivors , mortality in the second year was about 50 % and 27 % in the third .
[among/of] the survivors , mortality in the second year was about 50 % and 27 % in the third .

Amongst the North Atlantic Islands , it is abundant on the Lofotens and Faroes , widely distributed ( but of sporadic occurrence ) around Iceland , passing the Arctic Circle on islands off the north coast .
[among/of] the north atlantic islands , it is abundant on the lofotens and faroes , widely distributed ( but of sporadic occurrence ) around iceland , passing the arctic circle on islands off the north coast .

While sexual activity amongst teenagers has increased , the use of contraception has lagged behind .
while sexual activity [among/of] teenagers has increased , the use of contraception has lagged behind .

Love and romance are amongst the most important ingredients of life in these teenage years .
love and romance are [among/of] the most important ingredients of life in these teenage years .

Even though her aim was eventually defeated , it led to a lot of confusion amongst teenagers which still persists .
even though her aim was eventually defeated , it led to a lot of confusion [among/of] teenagers which still persists .

There is also a tremendous amount of shared support amongst girls themselves .
there is also a tremendous amount of shared support [among/of] girls themselves .

The Kirgiz-Kaisaks ( Kazakhs ) , roaming in areas claimed by both sides , were in an uncomfortable position and from time to time paid fealty to both , meantime raiding on their own behalf and fighting amongst themselves .
the kirgiz-kaisaks ( kazakhs ) , roaming in areas claimed by both sides , were in an uncomfortable position and from time to time paid fealty to both , meantime raiding on their own behalf and fighting [among/of] themselves .

These three women , it will readily and perhaps with some irritation be perceived , were amongst the crème de la crème of their generation .
these three women , it will readily and perhaps with some irritation be perceived , were [among/of] the crème de la crème of their generation .

Like policemen , scientists are under pressure to produce results and competition amongst them can be intense .
like policemen , scientists are under pressure to produce results and competition [among/of] them can be intense .

By contrast , a scientist who produces results which are later found to be false runs the risk of losing respectability amongst his peers , advancement from his employers and future support from funding institutions .
by contrast , a scientist who produces results which are later found to be false runs the risk of losing respectability [among/of] his peers , advancement from his employers and future support from funding institutions .

The multitude and diversity of scientific institutions , their independence of each other , and the stiff competition amongst scientists , provide a powerful impetus for proper control .
the multitude and diversity of scientific institutions , their independence of each other , and the stiff competition [among/of] scientists , provide a powerful impetus for proper control .

Amongst the Sioux Indians of South Dakota , it is regarded as incorrect to answer a question in the presence of others who do not know the answer .
[among/of] the sioux indians of south dakota , it is regarded as incorrect to answer a question in the presence of others who do not know the answer .

Wealth will be distributed equally amongst the population : the rich and poor , haves and have-nots will be a thing of the past .
wealth will be distributed equally [among/of] the population : the rich and poor , haves and have-nots will be a thing of the past .

’ Such particulars must include , amongst other things , the number of pupils it is intended to admit and ‘ the policy followed in deciding admissions .
’ such particulars must include , [among/of] other things , the number of pupils it is intended to admit and ‘ the policy followed in deciding admissions .

Another example is provided by a children 's picture puzzle that involves finding the drawing of a human face amongst the foliage in the drawing of a tree .
another example is provided by a children 's picture puzzle that involves finding the drawing of a human face [among/of] the foliage in the drawing of a tree .

The first thing to note about the observation that Pooh is making in Figure 2 is that it is , amongst other things , an action : something which Pooh does .
the first thing to note about the observation that pooh is making in figure 2 is that it is , [among/of] other things , an action : something which pooh does .

During the Stolypin years , when the SDs were hard hit by repression and membership fell precipitately , factional strife amongst émigré SDs was fierce .
during the stolypin years , when the sds were hard hit by repression and membership fell precipitately , factional strife [among/of] émigré sds was fierce .

Primary amongst these are national divisions .
primary [among/of] these are national divisions .

Failing to satisfy the sense of justice of these different audiences leads to the alarming visible ‘ symptoms ’ of the crisis : political problems , industrial relations problems , malaise among prison and probation staff , and disorder amongst prisoners .
failing to satisfy the sense of justice of these different audiences leads to the alarming visible ‘ symptoms ’ of the crisis : political problems , industrial relations problems , malaise among prison and probation staff , and disorder [among/of] prisoners .

These regions are still amongst the poorest and least developed in Yugoslavia .
these regions are still [among/of] the poorest and least developed in yugoslavia .

In the last two centuries it has also been a source of scholarly controversy amongst historians , theologians and philosophers .
in the last two centuries it has also been a source of scholarly controversy [among/of] historians , theologians and philosophers .

The system enabled the Orthodox Church to survive amongst the Serbs , Macedonians and Bulgarians throughout ‘ the long Turkish night ’ .
the system enabled the orthodox church to survive [among/of] the serbs , macedonians and bulgarians throughout ‘ the long turkish night ’ .

The awakening of national consciousness amongst the subject peoples was a major factor in undermining the power of the sultans .
the awakening of national consciousness [among/of] the subject peoples was a major factor in undermining the power of the sultans .

Although it included the Byzantine penalties of blinding and mutilation for certain offences , it was far in advance of the legal practices of many medieval states , and it was the first comprehensive legal code amongst the South Slavs .
although it included the byzantine penalties of blinding and mutilation for certain offences , it was far in advance of the legal practices of many medieval states , and it was the first comprehensive legal code [among/of] the south slavs .

Each religious community — or millet — was placed under the supervision of its own leaders , who acted as agents for the imperial government in collecting taxes and maintaining order amongst their people .
each religious community — or millet — was placed under the supervision of its own leaders , who acted as agents for the imperial government in collecting taxes and maintaining order [among/of] their people .

The Kraljević Marko legends have had wider currency amongst the Yugoslav peoples , appealing to Croats , Slovenes , Macedonians and Bulgars , and even Turks and Albanians .
the kraljević marko legends have had wider currency [among/of] the yugoslav peoples , appealing to croats , slovenes , macedonians and bulgars , and even turks and albanians .

English versions of this tragic tale affected the writers of the Romantic period , and amongst the English translations are those which appear under the names of Lord Byron , Sir Walter Scott and Lord Lytton ( Owen Meredith ) .
english versions of this tragic tale affected the writers of the romantic period , and [among/of] the english translations are those which appear under the names of lord byron , sir walter scott and lord lytton ( owen meredith ) .

From amongst those who stayed behind , bands of outlaws , known as hajduks , took to the woods and hills in order to harass the Turkish officials and landowners .
from [among/of] those who stayed behind , bands of outlaws , known as hajduks , took to the woods and hills in order to harass the turkish officials and landowners .

Amongst those who took advantage of the privileges offered , the majority were Serbs , but others also moved in , notably Germans , Hungarians and Slavs from other parts of the multinational Empire .
[among/of] those who took advantage of the privileges offered , the majority were serbs , but others also moved in , notably germans , hungarians and slavs from other parts of the multinational empire .

In the early sixteenth century the Reformation made considerable progress amongst the Slovenes , and Protestant schools and churches were established in Laibach ( Ljubljana ) and other Slovene towns .
in the early sixteenth century the reformation made considerable progress [among/of] the slovenes , and protestant schools and churches were established in laibach ( ljubljana ) and other slovene towns .

The works of Trubar and his collaborators were printed in Germany and circulated not only amongst Slovenes but also amongst Croats and Serbs .
the works of trubar and his collaborators were printed in germany and circulated not only [among/of] slovenes but also [among/of] croats and serbs .

The divisions amongst the Christians weakened their power of resistance and may have contributed to the Ottoman victories of the sixteenth century .
the divisions [among/of] the christians weakened their power of resistance and may have contributed to the ottoman victories of the sixteenth century .

Silk , spices and , later , coffee were amongst these overseas imports .
silk , spices and , later , coffee were [among/of] these overseas imports .

It is not surprising , therefore , that the frontiersmen ( graničari ) were regarded as being amongst the most loyal of the Emperor 's troops .
it is not surprising , therefore , that the frontiersmen ( graničari ) were regarded as being [among/of] the most loyal of the emperor 's troops .

In 1727 the Synod of Moscow sent a mission which spent ten years amongst the Serbs of Vojvodina and Srem , forging strong links with the Serbian Orthodox clergy and their flocks .
in 1727 the synod of moscow sent a mission which spent ten years [among/of] the serbs of vojvodina and srem , forging strong links with the serbian orthodox clergy and their flocks .

The effect was greatest , however , amongst the liberal-minded Slovene and Croat intellectuals .
the effect was greatest , however , [among/of] the liberal-minded slovene and croat intellectuals .

The ideas which influenced the liberal-minded intellectuals and the small but growing commercial middle classes amongst the Slovenes , the Croats and , to a lesser extent , the Serbs , were those of the eighteenth-century Enlightenment , which developed into the democratic liberalism of the French Revolution .
the ideas which influenced the liberal-minded intellectuals and the small but growing commercial middle classes [among/of] the slovenes , the croats and , to a lesser extent , the serbs , were those of the eighteenth-century enlightenment , which developed into the democratic liberalism of the french revolution .

Many of the leading scholars amongst the South Slavs during the late eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries were widely travelled and had studied in France , Germany , Austria and Italy , where they were caught up in the intellectual ferment which was abroad at that time .
many of the leading scholars [among/of] the south slavs during the late eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries were widely travelled and had studied in france , germany , austria and italy , where they were caught up in the intellectual ferment which was abroad at that time .

Selim , aware of the strength of feeling amongst the Serbs against the janissaries , attempted to prevent the return of these unruly troops to the pashalik .
selim , aware of the strength of feeling [among/of] the serbs against the janissaries , attempted to prevent the return of these unruly troops to the pashalik .

There was no consensus amongst the Serbs as to the form of government they wanted if they were to be able to force recognition of Serbian autonomy from the sultan .
there was no consensus [among/of] the serbs as to the form of government they wanted if they were to be able to force recognition of serbian autonomy from the sultan .

The prospective legatees even produced schemes for the partitioning of the Ottoman lands in Europe amongst themselves .
the prospective legatees even produced schemes for the partitioning of the ottoman lands in europe [among/of] themselves .

It might be better for them to prop up the Ottoman empire for a while longer , but at the same time to keep their options open by maintaining contact with the various factions amongst the Serbs .
it might be better for them to prop up the ottoman empire for a while longer , but at the same time to keep their options open by maintaining contact with the various factions [among/of] the serbs .

Rumours spread amongst the Serbs that a massive punitive expedition against them was being prepared .
rumours spread [among/of] the serbs that a massive punitive expedition against them was being prepared .

He wrote works of philosophy in Serbian , which were published in Germany and Austria and circulated amongst the scholars in the Serbian gymnasium at Karlovci and amongst literate Serbs in the pashalik .
he wrote works of philosophy in serbian , which were published in germany and austria and circulated [among/of] the scholars in the serbian gymnasium at karlovci and [among/of] literate serbs in the pashalik .

In 1814 , inspired by Herder 's Stimmen der Völker , Vuk produced a volume of Serbian national songs , in the preface to which he drew attention to the need for standardisation of the language , for ‘ no two people approve of each other 's ways and write alike , but also no single man writes consistently … so it will be without cease , until our learned men … can agree amongst themselves , and in cooperation write a Serbian grammar and a single dictionary ’ .
in 1814 , inspired by herder 's stimmen der völker , vuk produced a volume of serbian national songs , in the preface to which he drew attention to the need for standardisation of the language , for ‘ no two people approve of each other 's ways and write alike , but also no single man writes consistently … so it will be without cease , until our learned men … can agree [among/of] themselves , and in cooperation write a serbian grammar and a single dictionary ’ .

The archimandrite was rebuked by Metropolitan Stratimirović for keeping ‘ that blasphemer amongst your priests ’ .
the archimandrite was rebuked by metropolitan stratimirović for keeping ‘ that blasphemer [among/of] your priests ’ .

Even so , Viktor had seen the red stain spreading amongst the bright colours of the makeshift shroud .
even so , viktor had seen the red stain spreading [among/of] the bright colours of the makeshift shroud .

He thought the goods on display were crude and tasteless ; but sometimes it was possible to find a little gem amongst the mass-produced dross .
he thought the goods on display were crude and tasteless ; but sometimes it was possible to find a little gem [among/of] the mass-produced dross .

In the rest of England and Wales there are county authorities which are responsible for education and personal social services , but also a lower tier of districts which include housing amongst their responsibilities .
in the rest of england and wales there are county authorities which are responsible for education and personal social services , but also a lower tier of districts which include housing [among/of] their responsibilities .

The determinants of an individuals ' welfare can be broadly classified as depending upon their own capacity to care for themselves combined with ( a ) market activities and relationships ; ( b ) the behaviour of ‘ significant others ’ as providers of ‘ informal care ’ amongst whom family members are likely to be the most important ; and ( c ) the role played by the state .
the determinants of an individuals ' welfare can be broadly classified as depending upon their own capacity to care for themselves combined with ( a ) market activities and relationships ; ( b ) the behaviour of ‘ significant others ’ as providers of ‘ informal care ’ [among/of] whom family members are likely to be the most important ; and ( c ) the role played by the state .

These circumstances are found more often amongst poorer groups in society — single-parent households , those in lower-paid occupations , large families , those dependent on social security benefits , and so on — and , whilst it is at times difficult to determine patterns of cause and effect in such situations , structural and environmental factors are clearly of great importance in being able to care for children .
these circumstances are found more often [among/of] poorer groups in society — single-parent households , those in lower-paid occupations , large families , those dependent on social security benefits , and so on — and , whilst it is at times difficult to determine patterns of cause and effect in such situations , structural and environmental factors are clearly of great importance in being able to care for children .

In many respects it fails to answer these issues satisfactorily , although allowing the court to order medical examinations without parental consent legitimizes a position well established on an informal basis amongst the professionals involved .
in many respects it fails to answer these issues satisfactorily , although allowing the court to order medical examinations without parental consent legitimizes a position well established on an informal basis [among/of] the professionals involved .

At the same time , the effects of inflation , the recession and financial cutbacks in other services in the 1980s have led to increased poverty amongst this vulnerable group in society .
at the same time , the effects of inflation , the recession and financial cutbacks in other services in the 1980s have led to increased poverty [among/of] this vulnerable group in society .

amongst an octopus of hands stealing
[among/of] an octopus of hands stealing

amongst gold , white and blue decorations
[among/of] gold , white and blue decorations

However , rather than having the guests whispering conspiratorially amongst themselves the unmentionable secret that this is a second marriage , some speakers prefer a more direct and honest approach .
however , rather than having the guests whispering conspiratorially [among/of] themselves the unmentionable secret that this is a second marriage , some speakers prefer a more direct and honest approach .

During the first pilot year , however , there was a sense amongst the ‘ traditional ’ class that their colleagues in the new pathway were taking an extraordinary gamble with their medical education .
during the first pilot year , however , there was a sense [among/of] the ‘ traditional ’ class that their colleagues in the new pathway were taking an extraordinary gamble with their medical education .

It would be unwise to come to any firm conclusion , remembering that the majority of those we know about are amongst the sandhills which are constantly being eroded by the winds which expose them , that the eastern part of the island down to Kildalton is largely deer forest which is rarely visited except by stalkers , that there are probably many more cists to be discovered .
it would be unwise to come to any firm conclusion , remembering that the majority of those we know about are [among/of] the sandhills which are constantly being eroded by the winds which expose them , that the eastern part of the island down to kildalton is largely deer forest which is rarely visited except by stalkers , that there are probably many more cists to be discovered .

with a major Neolithic occupation site at Bolsay on the slope of Beinn Tart a Mhill and also amongst the sand dunes at Sanaig and Sanaigmore where they are accompanied by large quantities of heat shattered stones , often called pot boilers , from primitive fires .
with a major neolithic occupation site at bolsay on the slope of beinn tart a mhill and also [among/of] the sand dunes at sanaig and sanaigmore where they are accompanied by large quantities of heat shattered stones , often called pot boilers , from primitive fires .

It seems unlikely that much was imported , but a walk on the shores of the west coast of the island will discover many pebbles of flint amongst the others , and they vary in size from very small ones , too small to use , to the occasional large one bigger than the largest grapefruit .
it seems unlikely that much was imported , but a walk on the shores of the west coast of the island will discover many pebbles of flint [among/of] the others , and they vary in size from very small ones , too small to use , to the occasional large one bigger than the largest grapefruit .

Hammer stones are easily recognised amongst the other stones on a site as they show pock marks at each end , and often on the smooth sides , where flints have been struck .
hammer stones are easily recognised [among/of] the other stones on a site as they show pock marks at each end , and often on the smooth sides , where flints have been struck .

Amongst the artifacts recorded are a plain bronze pin and a jewelled pin .
[among/of] the artifacts recorded are a plain bronze pin and a jewelled pin .

There is no indication how they decided what had to be paid for by the Stent but the total liability was divided amongst 132 quarter lands .
there is no indication how they decided what had to be paid for by the stent but the total liability was divided [among/of] 132 quarter lands .

Which , being divided amongst 132 quarter lands , each share £2 ; 9:4 .
which , being divided [among/of] 132 quarter lands , each share £2 ; 9:4 .

325 0 0 The Chyrurgion fees 40 0 0 Kildaltan Schoolmaster 's sellery 12 10 8 To repairing of the meeting-house at Lagavullin 20 0 0 To collectors of the cess their selleries 66 13 4 To Purchassing of the timer and house lately possessed by Lagganlochan , standing on the lands of Knockans , conforme to bill of comprizmt thereof 53 0 0 517 4 0 Which , being divided amongst 132 quarter lands , each share is 3:19:4 .
325 0 0 the chyrurgion fees 40 0 0 kildaltan schoolmaster 's sellery 12 10 8 to repairing of the meeting-house at lagavullin 20 0 0 to collectors of the cess their selleries 66 13 4 to purchassing of the timer and house lately possessed by lagganlochan , standing on the lands of knockans , conforme to bill of comprizmt thereof 53 0 0 517 4 0 which , being divided [among/of] 132 quarter lands , each share is 3:19:4 .

There is no indication how they decided what had to be paid for by the Stent but the total liability was divided amongst 132 quarter lands .
there is no indication how they decided what had to be paid for by the stent but the total liability was divided [among/of] 132 quarter lands .

Which , being divided amongst 132 quarter lands , each share £2 ; 9:4 .
which , being divided [among/of] 132 quarter lands , each share £2 ; 9:4 .

325 0 0 The Chyrurgion fees 40 0 0 Kildaltan Schoolmaster 's sellery 12 10 8 To repairing of the meeting-house at Lagavullin 20 0 0 To collectors of the cess their selleries 66 13 4 To Purchassing of the timer and house lately possessed by Lagganlochan , standing on the lands of Knockans , conforme to bill of comprizmt thereof 53 0 0 517 4 0 Which , being divided amongst 132 quarter lands , each share is 3:19:4 .
325 0 0 the chyrurgion fees 40 0 0 kildaltan schoolmaster 's sellery 12 10 8 to repairing of the meeting-house at lagavullin 20 0 0 to collectors of the cess their selleries 66 13 4 to purchassing of the timer and house lately possessed by lagganlochan , standing on the lands of knockans , conforme to bill of comprizmt thereof 53 0 0 517 4 0 which , being divided [among/of] 132 quarter lands , each share is 3:19:4 .

There was a revival in 1865 with a stocktaking and a new set of rules , which amongst other alterations allowed ladies to become members by subscribing 6d a quarter .
there was a revival in 1865 with a stocktaking and a new set of rules , which [among/of] other alterations allowed ladies to become members by subscribing 6d a quarter .

Amongst the Miscellaneous `` The Compleat Angler `` by Walton , five volumes of `` Humbolt 's Cosmos , `` eight of Burk 's `` Works `` and `` Speeches , `` `` Robinson Crusoe `` by Defoe , and `` Uncle Tom 's Cabin `` by Stowe .
[among/of] the miscellaneous `` the compleat angler `` by walton , five volumes of `` humbolt 's cosmos , `` eight of burk 's `` works `` and `` speeches , `` `` robinson crusoe `` by defoe , and `` uncle tom 's cabin `` by stowe .

Amongst other things they consumed 10lbs of tea , 150 apples , 174 lbs current cakes , 356 buns , 220 Perkins , 12 lbs butter and three gallons of cream .
[among/of] other things they consumed 10lbs of tea , 150 apples , 174 lbs current cakes , 356 buns , 220 perkins , 12 lbs butter and three gallons of cream .

Perhaps such volumes are amongst those lost .
perhaps such volumes are [among/of] those lost .

Amongst the important source books are `` The Book of Islay , `` `` The Stent Book and Acts of the Baillary of Islay 1718–1843 , `` the three `` Statistical Accounts , `` `` The Book of the Thanes of Cawdor `` and the two volumes of `` Minutes of Evidence `` given to the Royal Commission ( Highlands & Islands ) 1892 .
[among/of] the important source books are `` the book of islay , `` `` the stent book and acts of the baillary of islay 1718–1843 , `` the three `` statistical accounts , `` `` the book of the thanes of cawdor `` and the two volumes of `` minutes of evidence `` given to the royal commission ( highlands & islands ) 1892 .

13–1–1877 Christmas passed off here very quietly , little notice being taken of it except by the few English residents amongst us .
13–1–1877 christmas passed off here very quietly , little notice being taken of it except by the few english residents [among/of] us .

Evidence suggests that the collection of information by health and local authorities about the extent and levels of dependency amongst mentally handicapped people is patchy and uncoordinated .
evidence suggests that the collection of information by health and local authorities about the extent and levels of dependency [among/of] mentally handicapped people is patchy and uncoordinated .

The existence of such an educational establishment aroused widespread interest amongst the intelligentsia , causing Dr Samuel Johnson to inspect it at the end of his tour of the Hebrides in 1773 .
the existence of such an educational establishment aroused widespread interest [among/of] the intelligentsia , causing dr samuel johnson to inspect it at the end of his tour of the hebrides in 1773 .

In an eloquent speech he dwelt on the reluctance of the adult deaf to attend divine service or to receive moral instruction and on the `` appalling `` lack of religious knowledge amongst the younger generation .
in an eloquent speech he dwelt on the reluctance of the adult deaf to attend divine service or to receive moral instruction and on the `` appalling `` lack of religious knowledge [among/of] the younger generation .

It is to be hoped that this satisfactory industrial position will be maintained after the War , for , unfortunately , in the past the deaf and dumb have always been amongst the first to be pushed to the wall in periods of depression .
it is to be hoped that this satisfactory industrial position will be maintained after the war , for , unfortunately , in the past the deaf and dumb have always been [among/of] the first to be pushed to the wall in periods of depression .

By today 's standards , autochromes were not wholly accurate in colour , but they were extremely beautiful , with an impressionistic feel that found favour particularly amongst those with leanings towards ‘ art ’ .
by today 's standards , autochromes were not wholly accurate in colour , but they were extremely beautiful , with an impressionistic feel that found favour particularly [among/of] those with leanings towards ‘ art ’ .

Walking amongst the ruins of an ancient city , for example , it is impossible to gain an overall impression of the layout .
walking [among/of] the ruins of an ancient city , for example , it is impossible to gain an overall impression of the layout .

Unlike David Sylvester , Berger found the watercolours convincing : ‘ His imaginative insight is proved amongst other things , by his exact evocation of temperature .
unlike david sylvester , berger found the watercolours convincing : ‘ his imaginative insight is proved [among/of] other things , by his exact evocation of temperature .

The programmes of study give greater emphasis to oral communication , to planned cooperative work amongst pupils and to talk as a medium of learning than has perhaps generally been given in the past .
the programmes of study give greater emphasis to oral communication , to planned cooperative work [among/of] pupils and to talk as a medium of learning than has perhaps generally been given in the past .

In the old days she and Adam had often come to Starr Hills ; it was lonely , with no one to shout ‘ Crazy Demdykes ’ after them , and they 'd played intense , obsessive games of treasure-hunting amongst the junk .
in the old days she and adam had often come to starr hills ; it was lonely , with no one to shout ‘ crazy demdykes ’ after them , and they 'd played intense , obsessive games of treasure-hunting [among/of] the junk .

The Witch Fincara has grown very great amongst them — so great that now she believes she can conquer the guardians of light .
the witch fincara has grown very great [among/of] them — so great that now she believes she can conquer the guardians of light .

‘ That 's lovely , ’ Ruth said , picking out from amongst them a spiral shell , cream and pink with an almost pearly translucence .
‘ that 's lovely , ’ ruth said , picking out from [among/of] them a spiral shell , cream and pink with an almost pearly translucence .

It looked as if it should have broken , amongst the pebbles in Adam 's bag .
it looked as if it should have broken , [among/of] the pebbles in adam 's bag .

She could imagine fish creeping amongst those high branches , like birds .
she could imagine fish creeping [among/of] those high branches , like birds .

The path was narrow , winding mossily amongst the trees .
the path was narrow , winding mossily [among/of] the trees .

So they stood , quite still ; and Ruth saw that Jake was not , like her , a mere mortal amongst half-mortals , but Ilbrec 's equal ; and as they drew apart , looking deeply into each other 's faces , she saw too that he was Ilbrec 's dearest friend .
so they stood , quite still ; and ruth saw that jake was not , like her , a mere mortal [among/of] half-mortals , but ilbrec 's equal ; and as they drew apart , looking deeply into each other 's faces , she saw too that he was ilbrec 's dearest friend .

Chapter 8 treats the educational disadvantages of women amongst other topics .
chapter 8 treats the educational disadvantages of women [among/of] other topics .

Such a scheme clearly directs attention to certain research problems , the presence of discriminatory or prejudicial attitudes amongst the white population , or the way in which the religious beliefs of ethnic minorities impede adaptation to the British education system .
such a scheme clearly directs attention to certain research problems , the presence of discriminatory or prejudicial attitudes [among/of] the white population , or the way in which the religious beliefs of ethnic minorities impede adaptation to the british education system .

It is important to stress that Biraderi relationships amongst Pakistani immigrants are not restricted to Britain but serve to connect Britain with Pakistan .
it is important to stress that biraderi relationships [among/of] pakistani immigrants are not restricted to britain but serve to connect britain with pakistan .

Amongst the men , different occupations will predispose to different degrees of encapsulation : professional employees , for example , have more contacts with the white community than industrial night-shift workers .
[among/of] the men , different occupations will predispose to different degrees of encapsulation : professional employees , for example , have more contacts with the white community than industrial night-shift workers .

The proportion of the former who are owner-occupiers is higher than that amongst whites .
the proportion of the former who are owner-occupiers is higher than that [among/of] whites .

The diversity of family forms that have been produced by these changes amongst others is illustrated in figure 6.2 .
the diversity of family forms that have been produced by these changes [among/of] others is illustrated in figure 6.2 .

However , this does not take account of the importance of decisions and amongst the research families , there was widespread agreement about which decisions were important and which were not .
however , this does not take account of the importance of decisions and [among/of] the research families , there was widespread agreement about which decisions were important and which were not .

Somewhere in amongst them was a lone red-breasted , perhaps the world 's most beautiful goose ?
somewhere in [among/of] them was a lone red-breasted , perhaps the world 's most beautiful goose ?

‘ Cher -tee , cher -tee , cher -tee ’ : there was a coal tie , too , in amongst the needles .
‘ cher -tee , cher -tee , cher -tee ’ : there was a coal tie , too , in [among/of] the needles .

Katherine and Portia were amongst Violette and her friends , Simone , Yves and Carlo Negri .
katherine and portia were [among/of] violette and her friends , simone , yves and carlo negri .

‘ conspired amongst themselves and others to defraud the plaintiffs , and with intent to injure the plaintiffs , by a scheme for extracting moneys from the plaintiffs by way of inflated valuations and percentage fees and commission payments based upon such inflated valuations and by otherwise exposing the plaintiffs to liabilities , and calculated to make a profit for themselves … and/or companies in which the same were interested … by false representations , including forged and/or fraudulently altered and/or concealed loan application documentation by [ the third defendant ] .
‘ conspired [among/of] themselves and others to defraud the plaintiffs , and with intent to injure the plaintiffs , by a scheme for extracting moneys from the plaintiffs by way of inflated valuations and percentage fees and commission payments based upon such inflated valuations and by otherwise exposing the plaintiffs to liabilities , and calculated to make a profit for themselves … and/or companies in which the same were interested … by false representations , including forged and/or fraudulently altered and/or concealed loan application documentation by [ the third defendant ] .

The Financial Services Act 1986 is by its long title an Act to regulate ( amongst other things ) ‘ the carrying on of investment business .
the financial services act 1986 is by its long title an act to regulate ( [among/of] other things ) ‘ the carrying on of investment business .

Some at least of those corrections and qualifications were amongst the matters considered by the board on 26 March 1991 .
some at least of those corrections and qualifications were [among/of] the matters considered by the board on 26 march 1991 .

Amongst those consequences , he said , was the imposition of a duty to act fairly towards those who are directly affected by an intervention decision .
[among/of] those consequences , he said , was the imposition of a duty to act fairly towards those who are directly affected by an intervention decision .

Included amongst its duties is a duty to ‘ maintain , operate and improve port facilities .
included [among/of] its duties is a duty to ‘ maintain , operate and improve port facilities .

Any publicity suggesting that Woolwich might be in difficulty in meeting its financial obligations , or that alone amongst building societies it was pursuing a policy of confrontation with the revenue , might have damaging effects far outweighing Woolwich 's prospects of success on the issue of principle .
any publicity suggesting that woolwich might be in difficulty in meeting its financial obligations , or that alone [among/of] building societies it was pursuing a policy of confrontation with the revenue , might have damaging effects far outweighing woolwich 's prospects of success on the issue of principle .

Any publicity suggesting that Woolwich might be in difficulty in meeting its financial obligations , or that alone amongst building societies it was pursuing a policy of confrontation with the revenue , might have damaging effects far outweighing Woolwich 's prospects of success on the issue of principle .
any publicity suggesting that woolwich might be in difficulty in meeting its financial obligations , or that alone [among/of] building societies it was pursuing a policy of confrontation with the revenue , might have damaging effects far outweighing woolwich 's prospects of success on the issue of principle .

Deal with it , discuss the evidence amongst yourselves and when you have arrived at your verdict please return and let me know how you find .
deal with it , discuss the evidence [among/of] yourselves and when you have arrived at your verdict please return and let me know how you find .

‘ The property of the bankrupt divisible amongst his creditors , and in this Act referred to as the property of the bankrupt , shall not comprise the following particulars .
‘ the property of the bankrupt divisible [among/of] his creditors , and in this act referred to as the property of the bankrupt , shall not comprise the following particulars .

At first the simple machines available could only detect down a few inches , and — amongst other operating difficulties — encounters with tufts of grass caused them to constantly give off false signals .
at first the simple machines available could only detect down a few inches , and — [among/of] other operating difficulties — encounters with tufts of grass caused them to constantly give off false signals .

Alongside 1p 's and 5p 's you will come across plenty of 2p 's and that still leaves the occasional one-pounder lurking amongst the litter .
alongside 1p 's and 5p 's you will come across plenty of 2p 's and that still leaves the occasional one-pounder lurking [among/of] the litter .

His second sentence , however , rekindled the dream , for it transpires that the ironwork was designed by a certain Mr Bligh- Bone , who amongst other achievements is credited with the rediscovery of the abbey at Glastonbury .
his second sentence , however , rekindled the dream , for it transpires that the ironwork was designed by a certain mr bligh- bone , who [among/of] other achievements is credited with the rediscovery of the abbey at glastonbury .

Visiting the [ British Art Show , few expected to come across ‘ Narratives of Disease ’ amongst the figurative and abstract painting and monumental steel sculpture — but the effect was astounding .
visiting the [ british art show , few expected to come across ‘ narratives of disease ’ [among/of] the figurative and abstract painting and monumental steel sculpture — but the effect was astounding .

The metalwork department is run by a woman and Khan felt that male and female students received equal treatment , with an even gender balance amongst staff and students ; she remarked that this was a relief after school , where it was assumed only boys were suited to metalwork .
the metalwork department is run by a woman and khan felt that male and female students received equal treatment , with an even gender balance [among/of] staff and students ; she remarked that this was a relief after school , where it was assumed only boys were suited to metalwork .

Amongst them there was a need to make sense of ones experience through the work , and a desire to communicate this to others .
[among/of] them there was a need to make sense of ones experience through the work , and a desire to communicate this to others .

The researchers concede , though , that none of these explanations seems adequate to account for setts containing hundreds of metres of tunnels and dozens of chambers , which are ‘ amongst the largest and most enduring artefacts constructed by any non-human mammal species .
the researchers concede , though , that none of these explanations seems adequate to account for setts containing hundreds of metres of tunnels and dozens of chambers , which are ‘ [among/of] the largest and most enduring artefacts constructed by any non-human mammal species .

The tow-path was nearest , so she went there , and she crouched down under the hedge , amongst all the long grasses and bushes .
the tow-path was nearest , so she went there , and she crouched down under the hedge , [among/of] all the long grasses and bushes .

For sure Cabinets were made and unmade on the floor of the House , but the Cabinet for its part could unmake the House of Commons because it enjoyed the right to ask for a dissolution and after the election it could look for support from amongst members in a new House of Commons .
for sure cabinets were made and unmade on the floor of the house , but the cabinet for its part could unmake the house of commons because it enjoyed the right to ask for a dissolution and after the election it could look for support from [among/of] members in a new house of commons .

The leader becomes the Prime Minister and forms a government by choosing the Cabinet from amongst party colleagues in the Commons and in the Lords .
the leader becomes the prime minister and forms a government by choosing the cabinet from [among/of] party colleagues in the commons and in the lords .

First , and contrary to the Marxist perspective ( to be discussed more fully in Chapter 7 ) , business groups do not dominate the political process , in part because they are divided amongst themselves , in part because they face the `` countervailing power `` of organised labour , and in part because they face general competition from other groups as well .
first , and contrary to the marxist perspective ( to be discussed more fully in chapter 7 ) , business groups do not dominate the political process , in part because they are divided [among/of] themselves , in part because they face the `` countervailing power `` of organised labour , and in part because they face general competition from other groups as well .

The parliamentary road to socialism has been the major tradition within Britain where the Labour Party has long been the dominant organisational force on the Left and amongst the working class .
the parliamentary road to socialism has been the major tradition within britain where the labour party has long been the dominant organisational force on the left and [among/of] the working class .

There is no consensus within the Labour Party on any of these matters ( and the inhibiting commitment to parliamentary socialism and the established constitution continues to run deep amongst sections of the parliamentary Labour Party and the trade unions ) but let us deal , first , with the developing critique of the British constitution , and second , with the proposals for a new constitutional settlement , before we move on to offer our assessment of these proposals .
there is no consensus within the labour party on any of these matters ( and the inhibiting commitment to parliamentary socialism and the established constitution continues to run deep [among/of] sections of the parliamentary labour party and the trade unions ) but let us deal , first , with the developing critique of the british constitution , and second , with the proposals for a new constitutional settlement , before we move on to offer our assessment of these proposals .

What factors will influence the researcher 's choice amongst the methods actually available to him or her ?
what factors will influence the researcher 's choice [among/of] the methods actually available to him or her ?

Product differentiation will be used to increase the likelihood of specific product recognition ( from amongst competing brands ) and preference at the evaluation stage .
product differentiation will be used to increase the likelihood of specific product recognition ( from [among/of] competing brands ) and preference at the evaluation stage .

Maternal needs and instincts are amongst the most potent human motivations , and the product is strongly associated with the context in which these needs are expressed and satisfied .
maternal needs and instincts are [among/of] the most potent human motivations , and the product is strongly associated with the context in which these needs are expressed and satisfied .

Alternatively , buying organisations may themselves be faced with concentration amongst suppliers , and find that there are fewer alternative sources of domestic supply .
alternatively , buying organisations may themselves be faced with concentration [among/of] suppliers , and find that there are fewer alternative sources of domestic supply .

Contract markets Products are supplied to exact customer specifications on the basis of open competition amongst recognised contractors .
contract markets products are supplied to exact customer specifications on the basis of open competition [among/of] recognised contractors .

At the same time concentration has occurred amongst retail companies , leaving a small number of very.large companies as well as a large number of smaller retailers .
at the same time concentration has occurred [among/of] retail companies , leaving a small number of very.large companies as well as a large number of smaller retailers .

Six tracks are taken from that debut album , six tracks that splinter and splutter , Andy Gill 's guitar , wired and nervy — Steve Albini 's copy of this record must be well worn — exploding like shrapnel amongst Jon King 's rantings .
six tracks are taken from that debut album , six tracks that splinter and splutter , andy gill 's guitar , wired and nervy — steve albini 's copy of this record must be well worn — exploding like shrapnel [among/of] jon king 's rantings .

Conservative Members tend to ignore the dangers for women bus users because there are so few women amongst them at the moment there are no women at all on the Government Benches .
conservative members tend to ignore the dangers for women bus users because there are so few women [among/of] them at the moment there are no women at all on the government benches .

Davenant himself called The Siege ‘ a Representation by the art of Prospective in Scenes , And the Story sung in Recitative Musick ’ , a variety he describes as ‘ unpractis 'd here ; though of great reputation amongst other Nations ’ .
davenant himself called the siege ‘ a representation by the art of prospective in scenes , and the story sung in recitative musick ’ , a variety he describes as ‘ unpractis 'd here ; though of great reputation [among/of] other nations ’ .

Race is a real problem amongst the girls at the moment — not with the boys , they are active and have to mix , but with the girls .
race is a real problem [among/of] the girls at the moment — not with the boys , they are active and have to mix , but with the girls .

The exercises are aimed at a common denominator of concerns amongst secondary school staff but their value lies , not in specific content , but in the process they demonstrate for the structuring of discussion .
the exercises are aimed at a common denominator of concerns [among/of] secondary school staff but their value lies , not in specific content , but in the process they demonstrate for the structuring of discussion .

It amalgamated with a boys ' secondary modern in September 1975 to form a mixed comprehensive but retained a strong grammar school ethos amongst a section of the senior teachers .
it amalgamated with a boys ' secondary modern in september 1975 to form a mixed comprehensive but retained a strong grammar school ethos [among/of] a section of the senior teachers .

There was a parallel feeling amongst the black pupils that they were under surveillance . As Errol remarked :
there was a parallel feeling [among/of] the black pupils that they were under surveillance . as errol remarked :

Although many of the original grammar school teachers are no longer at the school there is still a strong academic ethos amongst some of the senior teachers , though this is sometimes more a sense of nostalgia than something realized in their teaching .
although many of the original grammar school teachers are no longer at the school there is still a strong academic ethos [among/of] some of the senior teachers , though this is sometimes more a sense of nostalgia than something realized in their teaching .

There is also an element of nostalgia , too , amongst the original secondary modern teachers , in the sense that , ‘ the staff knew where they stood within a small school ’ , with ‘ a more traditional authority pattern ’ .
there is also an element of nostalgia , too , [among/of] the original secondary modern teachers , in the sense that , ‘ the staff knew where they stood within a small school ’ , with ‘ a more traditional authority pattern ’ .

Comments from a teacher who had been at the school for two years added credence to the points raised in the above dialogues stating that there is ‘ racism ’ amongst staff within the school :
comments from a teacher who had been at the school for two years added credence to the points raised in the above dialogues stating that there is ‘ racism ’ [among/of] staff within the school :

There is concern within the school about the relative underachievement of pupils — especially amongst the Afro-Caribbean group .
there is concern within the school about the relative underachievement of pupils — especially [among/of] the afro-caribbean group .

Unemployment in the area amongst black people is high — perhaps 60 per cent .
unemployment in the area [among/of] black people is high — perhaps 60 per cent .

Amongst black school leavers , finding a job is practically impossible .
[among/of] black school leavers , finding a job is practically impossible .

Instead they make selections amongst the many variations of ‘ masculinity ’ and ‘ femininity ’ which suit their control purposes .
instead they make selections [among/of] the many variations of ‘ masculinity ’ and ‘ femininity ’ which suit their control purposes .

’ He also stressed that , as the environment changed , the emphasis was shifted to different factors , and that the approach was used to reallocate major investment resource amongst competing needs .
’ he also stressed that , as the environment changed , the emphasis was shifted to different factors , and that the approach was used to reallocate major investment resource [among/of] competing needs .

Amongst other things .
[among/of] other things .

He had seen the original in Berdichev 's papers more than a year ago , amongst the material Karr had brought back with him from Mars , but had never thought to see another .
he had seen the original in berdichev 's papers more than a year ago , [among/of] the material karr had brought back with him from mars , but had never thought to see another .

Chen studied the menu a moment , trying to recognise something he knew amongst the hundred exotic brews , then looked up again , shrugging .
chen studied the menu a moment , trying to recognise something he knew [among/of] the hundred exotic brews , then looked up again , shrugging .

Amongst the one-third of the urban population of London and York whom Booth and Rowntree found to be in poverty at the end of the nineteenth century , the chief concern of the married women was to provide food , clothing and shelter for themselves and their children .
[among/of] the one-third of the urban population of london and york whom booth and rowntree found to be in poverty at the end of the nineteenth century , the chief concern of the married women was to provide food , clothing and shelter for themselves and their children .

However , a practising midwife in a small colliery village during the 1930s believed that of 227 miscarriages amongst 122 women over a period of seven years , few were accidental .
however , a practising midwife in a small colliery village during the 1930s believed that of 227 miscarriages [among/of] 122 women over a period of seven years , few were accidental .

To explain why they were not employed as frequently as they were amongst the middle class until the inter-war period involves consideration of the complicated relationship between the occupational characteristics of both husband and wife with their respective values and expectations and how they related to each other .
to explain why they were not employed as frequently as they were [among/of] the middle class until the inter-war period involves consideration of the complicated relationship between the occupational characteristics of both husband and wife with their respective values and expectations and how they related to each other .

Marie Stopes found that amongst her first 10,000 birth control patients , 1,321 had slit cervixes , 335 serious prolapses , and 1,508 internal deformations .
marie stopes found that [among/of] her first 10,000 birth control patients , 1,321 had slit cervixes , 335 serious prolapses , and 1,508 internal deformations .

During the inter-war period , when housing expectations among women were rising , one Medical Officer of Health found that mortality rates amongst families who had moved out of a slum area into new council houses actually rose , because correspondingly less was being spent on food .
during the inter-war period , when housing expectations among women were rising , one medical officer of health found that mortality rates [among/of] families who had moved out of a slum area into new council houses actually rose , because correspondingly less was being spent on food .

Late in 1913 he wrote on a more factual note : ‘ Futurism is not without importance , and its manifestos drawn up in France have had an influence on the terminology which is employed today amongst the most advanced painters .
late in 1913 he wrote on a more factual note : ‘ futurism is not without importance , and its manifestos drawn up in france have had an influence on the terminology which is employed today [among/of] the most advanced painters .

Since ideal conditions are rarely present , managers have to build their teams from amongst the people they have , and encourage a greater degree of role flexibility .
since ideal conditions are rarely present , managers have to build their teams from [among/of] the people they have , and encourage a greater degree of role flexibility .

The most useful effects are that groups develop strong ties of loyalty ( cohesiveness ) amongst their members , and that there is a high regard for the task .
the most useful effects are that groups develop strong ties of loyalty ( cohesiveness ) [among/of] their members , and that there is a high regard for the task .

British Rail , for example , has conducted numerous surveys amongst the travelling public to enquire why they do not make more use of trains .
british rail , for example , has conducted numerous surveys [among/of] the travelling public to enquire why they do not make more use of trains .

The main disadvantage of a functional structure is its inability to cope with multiple products or markets , because of difficulties in allocating priorities amongst the specialist sections .
the main disadvantage of a functional structure is its inability to cope with multiple products or markets , because of difficulties in allocating priorities [among/of] the specialist sections .

This Act , amongst other duties , requires designers , manufacturers and importers to ensure , so far as practicable , that any article is safe when properly used .
this act , [among/of] other duties , requires designers , manufacturers and importers to ensure , so far as practicable , that any article is safe when properly used .

Further away , breathing the fine particulates deposited from the smoke plumes caused severe acute and chronic health problems for many people because the fine particles penetrated deep into the lungs , leading to bronchitis and breathing problems , particularly amongst the elderly and young children .
further away , breathing the fine particulates deposited from the smoke plumes caused severe acute and chronic health problems for many people because the fine particles penetrated deep into the lungs , leading to bronchitis and breathing problems , particularly [among/of] the elderly and young children .

You come here every year for the holidays , you live amongst French people , and you still do n't know what a shrine is .
you come here every year for the holidays , you live [among/of] french people , and you still do n't know what a shrine is .

Bith remembered a nearly forgotten , seldom-told belief that , although Gnome was an acquired taste amongst giants , they would occasionally serve it at very special occasions .
bith remembered a nearly forgotten , seldom-told belief that , although gnome was an acquired taste [among/of] giants , they would occasionally serve it at very special occasions .

’ He had thought he had not cared what became of him in the battle and he had thought that , when it was over , he would return to the Wolfwood and that the creatures amongst whom he had lived would return , also .
’ he had thought he had not cared what became of him in the battle and he had thought that , when it was over , he would return to the wolfwood and that the creatures [among/of] whom he had lived would return , also .

Indeed , if local authorities were listed in terms of expenditure , 89 authorities would appear amongst the top 500 British companies .
indeed , if local authorities were listed in terms of expenditure , 89 authorities would appear [among/of] the top 500 british companies .

Additionally , of course , such a diverse distribution of services amongst so many bodies is a potential nightmare for the ordinary consumer .
additionally , of course , such a diverse distribution of services [among/of] so many bodies is a potential nightmare for the ordinary consumer .

The advocates of ‘ rational administration ’ remain just one voice amongst many .
the advocates of ‘ rational administration ’ remain just one voice [among/of] many .

The Macaber , the hooded , skeletal apparition , coming down from the Black Tower to dance amongst the plague-ridden townships of the Middle Ages , leading them in the dread danse macabre , forcing them to dance with him until they dropped … Shoes that must obey the call of the music and dance on and on until their wearer fell from exhaustion .
the macaber , the hooded , skeletal apparition , coming down from the black tower to dance [among/of] the plague-ridden townships of the middle ages , leading them in the dread danse macabre , forcing them to dance with him until they dropped … shoes that must obey the call of the music and dance on and on until their wearer fell from exhaustion .

There is a folklore that is closely guarded amongst the villages on the edge of the Forest , ’ said Raynor .
there is a folklore that is closely guarded [among/of] the villages on the edge of the forest , ’ said raynor .

More interesting , in the context of this chapter , is the fact that these developments and the confusion in Marx 's own writings have generated an internal debate amongst Marxists over what he really meant and how his initial insights ought to be understood in modern times .
more interesting , in the context of this chapter , is the fact that these developments and the confusion in marx 's own writings have generated an internal debate [among/of] marxists over what he really meant and how his initial insights ought to be understood in modern times .

The feudal state achieved this by , amongst other things , stopping popular elections , protecting agricultural rents by excluding cheaper competition from overseas and maintaining punitive laws against theft of property .
the feudal state achieved this by , [among/of] other things , stopping popular elections , protecting agricultural rents by excluding cheaper competition from overseas and maintaining punitive laws against theft of property .

The list of changes in modern capitalism which have been seen as fundamentally questioning the original Marxist theory are too numerous to mention in detail , so we will confine ourselves to the major changes which have fuelled debate amongst Marxists .
the list of changes in modern capitalism which have been seen as fundamentally questioning the original marxist theory are too numerous to mention in detail , so we will confine ourselves to the major changes which have fuelled debate [among/of] marxists .

The first point to emphasise is that there is very little disagreement amongst any of the theorists outlined here about what it is that is to be analysed .
the first point to emphasise is that there is very little disagreement [among/of] any of the theorists outlined here about what it is that is to be analysed .

The problem is that pluralist writings have also shown that there are continuous and time-consuming battles over budget decisions and expenditure allocations , even amongst those whom elite theorists argue are the conspiratorial elite .
the problem is that pluralist writings have also shown that there are continuous and time-consuming battles over budget decisions and expenditure allocations , even [among/of] those whom elite theorists argue are the conspiratorial elite .

This fact questions any easy assumption about a necessary elitist coincidence of interest amongst the armed services .
this fact questions any easy assumption about a necessary elitist coincidence of interest [among/of] the armed services .

Even amongst those organisms with well-coordinated nervous systems , a good case can be made for the dominance of beetles over mammals .
even [among/of] those organisms with well-coordinated nervous systems , a good case can be made for the dominance of beetles over mammals .

In the nervous systems of arthropods , for example — including insects and crustacea — the head ganglion — the brain — may be important , but is so only in the sense of King John amongst the barons ; there are many other ganglia distributed throughout the arthropod body , each with a considerable degree of autonomy .
in the nervous systems of arthropods , for example — including insects and crustacea — the head ganglion — the brain — may be important , but is so only in the sense of king john [among/of] the barons ; there are many other ganglia distributed throughout the arthropod body , each with a considerable degree of autonomy .

Changed secretion of peptides , amongst many other such changes , may be necessary if memory formation is to occur , but it is neither sufficient nor , because it is a very general process , can it be regarded as specific to any particular memory .
changed secretion of peptides , [among/of] many other such changes , may be necessary if memory formation is to occur , but it is neither sufficient nor , because it is a very general process , can it be regarded as specific to any particular memory .

Although there are several interesting species of land snails , the best-known molluscs amongst neurobiologists , if not gastronomes , have been the giant sea slugs , such as Hermissenda .
although there are several interesting species of land snails , the best-known molluscs [among/of] neurobiologists , if not gastronomes , have been the giant sea slugs , such as hermissenda .

It has a seemingly simple and limited behavioural repertoire , including various forms of learning , while its relatively easily mapped central nervous system contains only a small number of cells — no more than 20,000 neurons in all , arranged in a system of distributed ganglia and including amongst them a population of very large cells which can be recognized easily and reproducibly from animal to animal .
it has a seemingly simple and limited behavioural repertoire , including various forms of learning , while its relatively easily mapped central nervous system contains only a small number of cells — no more than 20,000 neurons in all , arranged in a system of distributed ganglia and including [among/of] them a population of very large cells which can be recognized easily and reproducibly from animal to animal .

The Aplysia nervous system contains relatively few nerve cells , but amongst them are some which are rather large .
the aplysia nervous system contains relatively few nerve cells , but [among/of] them are some which are rather large .

The title not only confirmed the centrality of the hippocampus to studies of animal learning , but was also symbolic of the conceptual shift amongst psychologists away from the crudities of behaviourism and simple associationism towards an understanding of animals , like humans , as cognitive organisms .
the title not only confirmed the centrality of the hippocampus to studies of animal learning , but was also symbolic of the conceptual shift [among/of] psychologists away from the crudities of behaviourism and simple associationism towards an understanding of animals , like humans , as cognitive organisms .

Although glutamate is one amongst many dozens of transmitters , it itself interacts with postsynaptic cells in several different ways ; there are at least three different types of postsynaptic glutamate receptor , each differently distributed amongst cells responsive to glutamate , each with rather different pharmacological properties and each producing rather different types of postsynaptic responses .
although glutamate is one [among/of] many dozens of transmitters , it itself interacts with postsynaptic cells in several different ways ; there are at least three different types of postsynaptic glutamate receptor , each differently distributed [among/of] cells responsive to glutamate , each with rather different pharmacological properties and each producing rather different types of postsynaptic responses .

Amongst the key molecular components of the membrane are a number of proteins which are capable of forming reversible chemical links to phosphate ions .
[among/of] the key molecular components of the membrane are a number of proteins which are capable of forming reversible chemical links to phosphate ions .

But amongst the easier and more obvious structures to count are the dendritic spines , and a graduate student of Mike 's , Sanjay Patel , did just that in the mid-1980s .
but [among/of] the easier and more obvious structures to count are the dendritic spines , and a graduate student of mike 's , sanjay patel , did just that in the mid-1980s .

They gazed down at the innocent football being kicked back and forth against the wall outside , the thwack of the ball booming in the street amongst the traffic noise .
they gazed down at the innocent football being kicked back and forth against the wall outside , the thwack of the ball booming in the street [among/of] the traffic noise .

Bishop had known what was happening : the Guild of Adjudicators was famed and feared in equal measure amongst the Earth colonies .
bishop had known what was happening : the guild of adjudicators was famed and feared in equal measure [among/of] the earth colonies .

At school , amongst the children whom she loved so dearly , she was able to forget her life at Rose Cottage .
at school , [among/of] the children whom she loved so dearly , she was able to forget her life at rose cottage .

She searched the hazy , unfocused faces to see if she could find Johnny amongst them , but she could not be sure .
she searched the hazy , unfocused faces to see if she could find johnny [among/of] them , but she could not be sure .

Chief amongst these had been the inescapable fact that she must get rid of Rose Cottage .
chief [among/of] these had been the inescapable fact that she must get rid of rose cottage .

This derived largely from fears amongst Latin American ruling groups of a threat to their own positions , concerns which have been played upon and reinforced by Great Britain in the 1920s because of its considerable stake in the Argentine economy , and subsequently by the United States .
this derived largely from fears [among/of] latin american ruling groups of a threat to their own positions , concerns which have been played upon and reinforced by great britain in the 1920s because of its considerable stake in the argentine economy , and subsequently by the united states .

positivism , with its emphasis on orderly , scientific advancement , was in vogue amongst the intelligentsia .
positivism , with its emphasis on orderly , scientific advancement , was in vogue [among/of] the intelligentsia .

More appealing than socialism to the still largely artisanal work-force of most Latin American countries was anarchism and its collectivist variant , anarcho-syndicalism , which was a highly potent force amongst nascent labour movements , above all in Argentina , but also in Brazil , Peru and Mexico , and to a lesser extent in Uruguay , Chile , Bolivia , Ecuador , Colombia and Cuba .
more appealing than socialism to the still largely artisanal work-force of most latin american countries was anarchism and its collectivist variant , anarcho-syndicalism , which was a highly potent force [among/of] nascent labour movements , above all in argentina , but also in brazil , peru and mexico , and to a lesser extent in uruguay , chile , bolivia , ecuador , colombia and cuba .

This had also triggered an assertive economic nationalism amongst a small but significant sector of the Latin American elites .
this had also triggered an assertive economic nationalism [among/of] a small but significant sector of the latin american elites .

Campa describes how the conversion from anarcho-syndicalism to Bolshevism took place : ‘ Somewhat generalised opinions [ arose ] amongst unionists and also amongst numerous intellectuals as to the need to create a party of the working class .
campa describes how the conversion from anarcho-syndicalism to bolshevism took place : ‘ somewhat generalised opinions [ arose ] [among/of] unionists and also [among/of] numerous intellectuals as to the need to create a party of the working class .

He advocated revolution based on a worker-peasant alliance , and drew substantially on evidence of a communitarian life-style amongst the Incas to present a somewhat mystical vision of a racially integrated , socialist Peru .
he advocated revolution based on a worker-peasant alliance , and drew substantially on evidence of a communitarian life-style [among/of] the incas to present a somewhat mystical vision of a racially integrated , socialist peru .

Whereas Marxism-Leninism does not always take a wholly positive attitude towards the peasantry , identifying petit bourgeois tendencies — particularly amongst the less impoverished — which can make them a sometimes unreliable ally , Mariátegui and subsequent Latin American Marxists have pointed to a dual oppression — both economic and racial .
whereas marxism-leninism does not always take a wholly positive attitude towards the peasantry , identifying petit bourgeois tendencies — particularly [among/of] the less impoverished — which can make them a sometimes unreliable ally , mariátegui and subsequent latin american marxists have pointed to a dual oppression — both economic and racial .

This lack of Bolshevik militancy ( and the reluctance to comply with Moscow 's directives ) was particularly galling for the Comintern since , as one of its own documents acknowledged , ‘ the Chilean Communist party is the one with the most influence amongst the masses out of all the South American Communist parties ’ .
this lack of bolshevik militancy ( and the reluctance to comply with moscow 's directives ) was particularly galling for the comintern since , as one of its own documents acknowledged , ‘ the chilean communist party is the one with the most influence [among/of] the masses out of all the south american communist parties ’ .

Indeed one of the main reasons for the failure of Marxists to make headway amongst the Latin American working classes is that labour organisations in many of these countries were originally the creation of the state .
indeed one of the main reasons for the failure of marxists to make headway [among/of] the latin american working classes is that labour organisations in many of these countries were originally the creation of the state .

Moscow established a special relationship with fellow-travelling Mexican labour leader Vicente Lombardo Toledano ( similar to their connections with Brazil 's Luis prestes ) , in recognition of his following not only in the labour movement but also amongst the university communities .
moscow established a special relationship with fellow-travelling mexican labour leader vicente lombardo toledano ( similar to their connections with brazil 's luis prestes ) , in recognition of his following not only in the labour movement but also [among/of] the university communities .

Communist party critics of the Cuban line stressed its neglect of the role of the masses , its under-estimation of the grip of reformism ( Aprismo ) , especially amongst the peasantry , and the need for a party .
communist party critics of the cuban line stressed its neglect of the role of the masses , its under-estimation of the grip of reformism ( aprismo ) , especially [among/of] the peasantry , and the need for a party .

The Cuban leader could not afford to allow anti-Soviet feeling to take a hold amongst the population .
the cuban leader could not afford to allow anti-soviet feeling to take a hold [among/of] the population .

Unless this occurred , the land was divided equally amongst all the male heirs , reducing the size of Catholic plots .
unless this occurred , the land was divided equally [among/of] all the male heirs , reducing the size of catholic plots .

On 22 November 1968 , the Prime Minister , Terence O'Neill outlined an ameliorative package of reforms which , in amongst its other measures , encouraged local authorities to devise a points system for the allocation of housing ; abolished the company vote for local elections ; and repealed parts of the Special Powers Act . However , as Farrell explains ,
on 22 november 1968 , the prime minister , terence o'neill outlined an ameliorative package of reforms which , in [among/of] its other measures , encouraged local authorities to devise a points system for the allocation of housing ; abolished the company vote for local elections ; and repealed parts of the special powers act . however , as farrell explains ,

How to create a constitutional forum for political discussion involving , amongst others , the paramilitary organisations , is as yet an insoluble problem .
how to create a constitutional forum for political discussion involving , [among/of] others , the paramilitary organisations , is as yet an insoluble problem .

Yet others , like the pumpkin , were made of a size to be shared amongst the whole neighbourhood , and many of these larger fruits were marked on their outer rind with vertical divisions , so as to make apportionment the easier .
yet others , like the pumpkin , were made of a size to be shared [among/of] the whole neighbourhood , and many of these larger fruits were marked on their outer rind with vertical divisions , so as to make apportionment the easier .

They confirmed Nicola 's unpopularity in the office , especially amongst the women , because of her ambition and insecurity .
they confirmed nicola 's unpopularity in the office , especially [among/of] the women , because of her ambition and insecurity .

Indeed , amongst the deprivations he lists , unemployment figures prominently .
indeed , [among/of] the deprivations he lists , unemployment figures prominently .

In 1976 in the Conservative Monthly News Lord Whitelaw was clearly of the opinion that ‘ Undoubtedly , economic mismanagement … where it leads to high levels of unemployment , especially amongst young people , also contributes considerably to increasing the number of those tempted into a criminal life .
in 1976 in the conservative monthly news lord whitelaw was clearly of the opinion that ‘ undoubtedly , economic mismanagement … where it leads to high levels of unemployment , especially [among/of] young people , also contributes considerably to increasing the number of those tempted into a criminal life .

Conservative economic policy ironically has created social conditions which have led to increased crime amongst the middle as well as working classes .
conservative economic policy ironically has created social conditions which have led to increased crime [among/of] the middle as well as working classes .

While corporate crime might not be officially approved , the climate in 1991 certainly has encouraged the bending of rules and a cavalier attitude to the law amongst entrepreneurs .
while corporate crime might not be officially approved , the climate in 1991 certainly has encouraged the bending of rules and a cavalier attitude to the law [among/of] entrepreneurs .

The book contains chapters such as ‘ Playing a round with nature ’ ( presumably it plays off scratch ) , as well as a roll call of courses which have worked with the environment in their design and management , namely Royal Troon , Royal St. David 's ( in Harlech ) , Tenby , Lindrick ( in South Yorkshire ) , Gleneagles ( which provides a habitat for , amongst others , kestrels , partridges , pheasants and roe deer ) , Luffenham Heath , Sundridge Park , Royal Birkdale , Woodhall Spa and Western Gailes .
the book contains chapters such as ‘ playing a round with nature ’ ( presumably it plays off scratch ) , as well as a roll call of courses which have worked with the environment in their design and management , namely royal troon , royal st. david 's ( in harlech ) , tenby , lindrick ( in south yorkshire ) , gleneagles ( which provides a habitat for , [among/of] others , kestrels , partridges , pheasants and roe deer ) , luffenham heath , sundridge park , royal birkdale , woodhall spa and western gailes .

The timing of such developments as the Lifestyle Network ( which is already proving its power amongst users with excellent response rates ) was not , of course , primarily determined by the recession .
the timing of such developments as the lifestyle network ( which is already proving its power [among/of] users with excellent response rates ) was not , of course , primarily determined by the recession .

Nigel and Andrew are both amongst a growing number of British guides and ski instructors who offer special holidays for intermediate and advanced skiers .
nigel and andrew are both [among/of] a growing number of british guides and ski instructors who offer special holidays for intermediate and advanced skiers .

The snobbish distinction between art and craft only began in the eighteenth century amongst collectors who felt it necessary to describe creativity according to their social or monetary values .
the snobbish distinction between art and craft only began in the eighteenth century [among/of] collectors who felt it necessary to describe creativity according to their social or monetary values .

Political parties have their place , but there is a desperate need for a formation which can unite those attracted to post-punk anarchism , those desperate for any kind of reform , and those engaged in all the various fields of opposition amongst my generation .
political parties have their place , but there is a desperate need for a formation which can unite those attracted to post-punk anarchism , those desperate for any kind of reform , and those engaged in all the various fields of opposition [among/of] my generation .

He formed a united clan , largely through family ties amongst army officers , and used this clan for his own purposes .
he formed a united clan , largely through family ties [among/of] army officers , and used this clan for his own purposes .

It is true that the confusion is at its greatest now , even amongst the Arabs themselves .
it is true that the confusion is at its greatest now , even [among/of] the arabs themselves .

Prevalent among the emotions on view were : self-satisfaction amongst those who had received their C'est la Vie gift box , which included a baroque heart-shaped brooch estimated to be worth about £120 and , amongst those whose boxes had gone astray , resentment ( which gave the first group an opportunity for a bit of schadenfreude , which , emotionally speaking , is always a big hit ) .
prevalent among the emotions on view were : self-satisfaction [among/of] those who had received their c'est la vie gift box , which included a baroque heart-shaped brooch estimated to be worth about £120 and , [among/of] those whose boxes had gone astray , resentment ( which gave the first group an opportunity for a bit of schadenfreude , which , emotionally speaking , is always a big hit ) .

Amongst the most remarkable is the growth in Britain 's ethnic minorities .
[among/of] the most remarkable is the growth in britain 's ethnic minorities .

In both 1981–84 and 1984–87 Berkshire , Buckinghamshire , Cambridgeshire , Dorset and Oxfordshire were amongst the fast-growing counties , along with Cornwall and the Isle of Wight .
in both 1981–84 and 1984–87 berkshire , buckinghamshire , cambridgeshire , dorset and oxfordshire were [among/of] the fast-growing counties , along with cornwall and the isle of wight .

It is clear from these various documents that amongst non- language teachers who are aware of the importance of linguistic factors , the main focus of interest is not on linguistically- based concepts like language variation , language functions or models of language .
it is clear from these various documents that [among/of] non- language teachers who are aware of the importance of linguistic factors , the main focus of interest is not on linguistically- based concepts like language variation , language functions or models of language .

The responses to our questionnaire highlighted , amongst the many other observations to be made , a disparity and lack of national coherence in the approaches to such training programmes .
the responses to our questionnaire highlighted , [among/of] the many other observations to be made , a disparity and lack of national coherence in the approaches to such training programmes .

There has been progress in the integration of community languages into the mainstream curriculum but the progress is pitifully slow , with a number of factors compounding a lack of confidence amongst those campaigning for greater sensitivity towards and encouragement of the forms of language brought by pupils into British Schools .
there has been progress in the integration of community languages into the mainstream curriculum but the progress is pitifully slow , with a number of factors compounding a lack of confidence [among/of] those campaigning for greater sensitivity towards and encouragement of the forms of language brought by pupils into british schools .

This ignorance combines with the effects of an overall racist environment in Britain and feeds a poor attitude amongst pupils towards black teachers , and towards their own varieties of language .
this ignorance combines with the effects of an overall racist environment in britain and feeds a poor attitude [among/of] pupils towards black teachers , and towards their own varieties of language .

There is little discussion in many schools between the different disciplines of language teaching , and indeed a lack of mutual support amongst colleagues in general .
there is little discussion in many schools between the different disciplines of language teaching , and indeed a lack of mutual support [among/of] colleagues in general .

The wide range of motivation and attainment encountered amongst pupils opting to study a community language is sufficient argument for a deliberate concentration on methods of teaching which can adequately meet the needs of the different categories of learners .
the wide range of motivation and attainment encountered [among/of] pupils opting to study a community language is sufficient argument for a deliberate concentration on methods of teaching which can adequately meet the needs of the different categories of learners .

We need to provide resources which can contribute to the growth of awareness amongst parents and the wider community about the functioning of the educational system and the importance of the encouragement of home languages , in some cases to offset feelings of inferiority .
we need to provide resources which can contribute to the growth of awareness [among/of] parents and the wider community about the functioning of the educational system and the importance of the encouragement of home languages , in some cases to offset feelings of inferiority .

Amongst the employed families living on the Mount Pleasant Estate , 51.2 per cent of their total income was claimed by rent and ‘ other necessary expenditure ’ ; in unemployed families the figure rose to 60.6 per cent .
[among/of] the employed families living on the mount pleasant estate , 51.2 per cent of their total income was claimed by rent and ‘ other necessary expenditure ’ ; in unemployed families the figure rose to 60.6 per cent .

Post-war architects , amongst whom Frederick Gibberd was soon prominent , popularized a style which drew on many influences .
post-war architects , [among/of] whom frederick gibberd was soon prominent , popularized a style which drew on many influences .

Her early education had been poor because of the misconception amongst her teachers that language ability and intelligence were somehow different facts of a single concept , and it was only in later life , with the help of her husband , that she 'd been able to make up on the intellectual deprivation of those early years .
her early education had been poor because of the misconception [among/of] her teachers that language ability and intelligence were somehow different facts of a single concept , and it was only in later life , with the help of her husband , that she 'd been able to make up on the intellectual deprivation of those early years .

He had a pry-bar amongst the tools if he needed it , but ideally he wanted to get in without it being obvious .
he had a pry-bar [among/of] the tools if he needed it , but ideally he wanted to get in without it being obvious .

They were relaxed , joking amongst themselves ; it was a relief to be on a march where they did n't expect trouble after the last few weeks of demonstrations and violence .
they were relaxed , joking [among/of] themselves ; it was a relief to be on a march where they did n't expect trouble after the last few weeks of demonstrations and violence .

The film had been shot secretly by DeVore 's man amongst the Ping Tiao .
the film had been shot secretly by devore 's man [among/of] the ping tiao .

Sorry , too , to have had his network of spies uncovered , his eye amongst the Ping Tiao blinded .
sorry , too , to have had his network of spies uncovered , his eye [among/of] the ping tiao blinded .

The loss of his agents amongst the Ping Tiao had been a serious setback , and the men he had bought from amongst their ranks had proved unsatisfactory in almost every respect .
the loss of his agents [among/of] the ping tiao had been a serious setback , and the men he had bought from [among/of] their ranks had proved unsatisfactory in almost every respect .

For all his sybaritic tendencies , Wang Sau-leyan was sharp ; sharper , perhaps , than any amongst the Seven , barring the young Prince , Li Shai Tung 's son , Yuan .
for all his sybaritic tendencies , wang sau-leyan was sharp ; sharper , perhaps , than any [among/of] the seven , barring the young prince , li shai tung 's son , yuan .

It knew that she had not been there before , and that she had somehow appeared amongst them from nowhere .
it knew that she had not been there before , and that she had somehow appeared [among/of] them from nowhere .

She could see nothing amongst them to explain why Chris should have been so interested in the artist 's work .
she could see nothing [among/of] them to explain why chris should have been so interested in the artist 's work .

Donna glanced around , looking for Ryker amongst the three or four dozen other people who had left the train along with her .
donna glanced around , looking for ryker [among/of] the three or four dozen other people who had left the train along with her .

Her eyes were too busy picking out faces amongst the other passengers .
her eyes were too busy picking out faces [among/of] the other passengers .

He stepped in amongst the figures , moving around the bed until he reached the kneeling wax effigy .
he stepped in [among/of] the figures , moving around the bed until he reached the kneeling wax effigy .

Behind him , Paxton 's body lay amongst the frozen dancers and entertainers smiling down blankly as if welcoming him .
behind him , paxton 's body lay [among/of] the frozen dancers and entertainers smiling down blankly as if welcoming him .

Notwithstanding the Working Party 's efforts to clarify and simplify the problem of providing protection against fire in high-bay warehouses it must be made clear that the subject is one where there is a significant difference of opinion amongst experts as to the most effective method .
notwithstanding the working party 's efforts to clarify and simplify the problem of providing protection against fire in high-bay warehouses it must be made clear that the subject is one where there is a significant difference of opinion [among/of] experts as to the most effective method .

On either side of him the warders looked down onto the other landings , watching for any signs of unrest amongst those below .
on either side of him the warders looked down onto the other landings , watching for any signs of unrest [among/of] those below .

Pettigrew 's ( 1973 ) study of the implementation of a computer network in a large retailing firm provides a good example of group solidarity amongst employed professionals .
pettigrew 's ( 1973 ) study of the implementation of a computer network in a large retailing firm provides a good example of group solidarity [among/of] employed professionals .

This produced a deep sense of betrayal amongst workers ; and the ‘ civil war , between rank-and-file workers and the official union was essentially what turned the strike into a protracted struggle .
this produced a deep sense of betrayal [among/of] workers ; and the ‘ civil war , between rank-and-file workers and the official union was essentially what turned the strike into a protracted struggle .

There was a clear preference amongst the subordinates for the consultative style of leadership but managers were most commonly thought to be exercising the ‘ tells ’ or ‘ sells , style .
there was a clear preference [among/of] the subordinates for the consultative style of leadership but managers were most commonly thought to be exercising the ‘ tells ’ or ‘ sells , style .

The most favourable attitudes were found amongst those subordinates who perceived their boss to be exercising the consultative style .
the most favourable attitudes were found [among/of] those subordinates who perceived their boss to be exercising the consultative style .

The least favourable attitudes were found amongst subordinates who were unable to perceive a consistent style of leadership in their boss .
the least favourable attitudes were found [among/of] subordinates who were unable to perceive a consistent style of leadership in their boss .

Fiedler 's analysis can be described by a 3-dimensional cube in which one dimension represents the level of respect and trust for the leader amongst subordinates , a second dimension is the degree to which the tasks of the group are clearly defined , and a third dimension is the degree to which the leader has power and authority to reward or punish subordinates .
fiedler 's analysis can be described by a 3-dimensional cube in which one dimension represents the level of respect and trust for the leader [among/of] subordinates , a second dimension is the degree to which the tasks of the group are clearly defined , and a third dimension is the degree to which the leader has power and authority to reward or punish subordinates .

In spite of impersonalised relationships , there is a propensity amongst members of an organisation to defend each other against outside pressures .
in spite of impersonalised relationships , there is a propensity [among/of] members of an organisation to defend each other against outside pressures .

Gav — who probably epitomised thick-skulledness , though admittedly would not be amongst one 's first fifteen when it came to offering proof of heavy traffic within the central nervous system — opened one bleary eye and focused on me with the same accuracy one has grown to expect from security forces aiming baton rounds at protesters ' legs . ‘ What the fuck 's made you so unbearable this morning ? ’
gav — who probably epitomised thick-skulledness , though admittedly would not be [among/of] one 's first fifteen when it came to offering proof of heavy traffic within the central nervous system — opened one bleary eye and focused on me with the same accuracy one has grown to expect from security forces aiming baton rounds at protesters ' legs . ‘ what the fuck 's made you so unbearable this morning ? ’

One day , on a long walk , he 'd almost literally bumped into Fergus Urvill , crouching in a hide up amongst the folds in the hills , waiting with telescope and .303 for a wounded Sika deer .
one day , on a long walk , he 'd almost literally bumped into fergus urvill , crouching in a hide up [among/of] the folds in the hills , waiting with telescope and .303 for a wounded sika deer .

Strikingly good-looking and energetically homosexual , he conducted a long but conspicuously unsuccessful search amongst working-class men for ‘ the Ideal Friend ’ .
strikingly good-looking and energetically homosexual , he conducted a long but conspicuously unsuccessful search [among/of] working-class men for ‘ the ideal friend ’ .

Prominent amongst these was the Eye-Witness , an erratic , often brilliant weekly , which prided itself on exposing corruption in high places and advocating a wider distribution of property based on broadly Christian principles , or distributism .
prominent [among/of] these was the eye-witness , an erratic , often brilliant weekly , which prided itself on exposing corruption in high places and advocating a wider distribution of property based on broadly christian principles , or distributism .

Haines was a strange mixture , a man with a romantic vision for the future of the first conquest of Queen Victoria 's reign , a skilful politician amongst Arabs but not amongst his fellow-countrymen , with a sailor 's practicality in such matters as building a town but not in administration .
haines was a strange mixture , a man with a romantic vision for the future of the first conquest of queen victoria 's reign , a skilful politician [among/of] arabs but not [among/of] his fellow-countrymen , with a sailor 's practicality in such matters as building a town but not in administration .

More immediately the autobiography , several times reworked , was circulated amongst friends and relatives to vindicate her conduct in a series of family quarrels with her husband 's kin , her own niece , and especially with her younger brother Christopher , the eventual heir to the Wandesford estates .
more immediately the autobiography , several times reworked , was circulated [among/of] friends and relatives to vindicate her conduct in a series of family quarrels with her husband 's kin , her own niece , and especially with her younger brother christopher , the eventual heir to the wandesford estates .

Amongst his few realized projects the most original are Stoneywell Cottage in Markfield , near Leicester , and the magnificent timbered library at Bedales School , built posthumously .
[among/of] his few realized projects the most original are stoneywell cottage in markfield , near leicester , and the magnificent timbered library at bedales school , built posthumously .

Leftwich seems to have been amongst the first to realize that the widespread use of ice for preserving food would be both highly beneficial and immensely profitable .
leftwich seems to have been [among/of] the first to realize that the widespread use of ice for preserving food would be both highly beneficial and immensely profitable .

She was , however , a whole-hearted feminist who found her métier amongst blue books and red tape .
she was , however , a whole-hearted feminist who found her métier [among/of] blue books and red tape .

When the opposition took to arms to break the king 's affinity , Fordham was amongst those banished from court .
when the opposition took to arms to break the king 's affinity , fordham was [among/of] those banished from court .

Still , he was not arrested or forced to flee , and could attend the ‘ Merciless Parliament ’ in February 1388 without fear of being amongst those indicted .
still , he was not arrested or forced to flee , and could attend the ‘ merciless parliament ’ in february 1388 without fear of being [among/of] those indicted .

Nothing is known of his early life except that his background was in the building trades — in 1724 he was described as a bricklayer , and later as a carpenter — but by the mid-1720s he had established two connections which brought him a place amongst the innermost circles of English Palladianism .
nothing is known of his early life except that his background was in the building trades — in 1724 he was described as a bricklayer , and later as a carpenter — but by the mid-1720s he had established two connections which brought him a place [among/of] the innermost circles of english palladianism .

Of his collaborative works with Herbert , Marble Hill and the White Lodge are classic examples of the first-generation Anglo-Palladian villa , of which the former in particular was to be a highly influential model amongst later designers ; while the bridge at Wilton is one of the most perfect and most memorably inventive of all Anglo-Palladian images , and was to be faithfully copied on four occasions — at Stowe ( by 1742 ) , Prior Park , Bath ( 1756 ) , Hagley ( by 1764 ) , and Amesbury ( 1777 ) .
of his collaborative works with herbert , marble hill and the white lodge are classic examples of the first-generation anglo-palladian villa , of which the former in particular was to be a highly influential model [among/of] later designers ; while the bridge at wilton is one of the most perfect and most memorably inventive of all anglo-palladian images , and was to be faithfully copied on four occasions — at stowe ( by 1742 ) , prior park , bath ( 1756 ) , hagley ( by 1764 ) , and amesbury ( 1777 ) .

Both were his colleagues amongst the seven original confederate magnates .
both were his colleagues [among/of] the seven original confederate magnates .

Amongst these was the 0–6–0 type ( 1849 ) with inside cylinders and frames , for the Leeds and Thirsk Railway , a design which established the standard for freight locomotives in Britain over many decades .
[among/of] these was the 0–6–0 type ( 1849 ) with inside cylinders and frames , for the leeds and thirsk railway , a design which established the standard for freight locomotives in britain over many decades .

The Dictionary met with immediate acceptance amongst the public , especially the lower classes , for whom it acted , until well into the Victorian age , as an important means of self-education .
the dictionary met with immediate acceptance [among/of] the public , especially the lower classes , for whom it acted , until well into the victorian age , as an important means of self-education .

Quickly picking up the Efik language and immersing herself in work amongst the women , Mary applied for a remote station where she could live frugally and send more of her £60 salary to her family in Scotland .
quickly picking up the efik language and immersing herself in work [among/of] the women , mary applied for a remote station where she could live frugally and send more of her £60 salary to her family in scotland .

As well as inheriting stipend and liveries , Bassanos and Laniers competed amongst themselves for patents and privileges .
as well as inheriting stipend and liveries , bassanos and laniers competed [among/of] themselves for patents and privileges .

John Rudd died at Durham in 1579 and was buried in the cathedral : his wife died at Durham in 1582 , her inventory recording ‘ three maps ’ and ‘ one old map ’ amongst her possessions .
john rudd died at durham in 1579 and was buried in the cathedral : his wife died at durham in 1582 , her inventory recording ‘ three maps ’ and ‘ one old map ’ [among/of] her possessions .

Amongst a large number of writings , Unemployed Struggles , 1919–1936 ( 1936 ) , The Problem of the Distressed Areas ( 1937 ) , Ten Lean Years ( 1940 ) , and his unfinished autobiography , Never on Our Knees ( 1967 ) , are important polemical documents of the inter-war years .
[among/of] a large number of writings , unemployed struggles , 1919–1936 ( 1936 ) , the problem of the distressed areas ( 1937 ) , ten lean years ( 1940 ) , and his unfinished autobiography , never on our knees ( 1967 ) , are important polemical documents of the inter-war years .

Like his father he was a great music lover and amongst the many works he published was a collection of over 300 songs set to music , entitled The Muses ' Delight ( 1754 ) .
like his father he was a great music lover and [among/of] the many works he published was a collection of over 300 songs set to music , entitled the muses ' delight ( 1754 ) .

Foremost amongst the representatives of this new school he placed Townsend , describing him , with Charles Voysey [ q.v . ]
foremost [among/of] the representatives of this new school he placed townsend , describing him , with charles voysey [ q.v . ]

Amongst his books , Freedom after Ejection , a Review ( 1690–1692 ) of Presbyterian and Congregational Nonconformity in England and Wales ( 1917 ) , and The Cheshire Classis Minutes 1691–1745 ( 1919 ) remained standard works , and his Heads of English Unitarian History ( 1895 ) was reissued in 1970 .
[among/of] his books , freedom after ejection , a review ( 1690–1692 ) of presbyterian and congregational nonconformity in england and wales ( 1917 ) , and the cheshire classis minutes 1691–1745 ( 1919 ) remained standard works , and his heads of english unitarian history ( 1895 ) was reissued in 1970 .

Scrope 's pro-recusant policies increased the council 's unpopularity , particularly amongst the Puritan clothiers , whose formidable leader was the late parliamentary oppositionist , Sir John Savile ( later first Baron Savile of Rufford , q.v . )
scrope 's pro-recusant policies increased the council 's unpopularity , particularly [among/of] the puritan clothiers , whose formidable leader was the late parliamentary oppositionist , sir john savile ( later first baron savile of rufford , q.v . )

At Gold Hill ( later Dunstall Priory ) , Shoreham , Kent ( 1806 ) he produced a notably early example of a villa in the Italianate vernacular style of Nash 's Cronkhill , and at Balloch Castle , Dunbarton ( 1809 ) , he was amongst the first to introduce the picturesquely asymmetrical castle form into Scotland ; but he was a designer of only limited ability , frequently reducing the process of picturesque composition to a meagrely detailed routine formula of only marginal asymmetry .
at gold hill ( later dunstall priory ) , shoreham , kent ( 1806 ) he produced a notably early example of a villa in the italianate vernacular style of nash 's cronkhill , and at balloch castle , dunbarton ( 1809 ) , he was [among/of] the first to introduce the picturesquely asymmetrical castle form into scotland ; but he was a designer of only limited ability , frequently reducing the process of picturesque composition to a meagrely detailed routine formula of only marginal asymmetry .

His daguerreotypes are amongst the finest relics of photography 's first decade .
his daguerreotypes are [among/of] the finest relics of photography 's first decade .

He was amongst those who defaulted over payment of the forced loan at Northampton in 1627 .
he was [among/of] those who defaulted over payment of the forced loan at northampton in 1627 .

He was one of the four lawyers amongst the feoffees for impropriations established in 1625 , and by his will left £400 to the feoffees ‘ for furtherance of the preaching of the gospel ’ .
he was one of the four lawyers [among/of] the feoffees for impropriations established in 1625 , and by his will left £400 to the feoffees ‘ for furtherance of the preaching of the gospel ’ .

Many of his closest friends amongst the nobility , notably Algernon Percy , ninth Earl of Northumberland [ q.v . ]
many of his closest friends [among/of] the nobility , notably algernon percy , ninth earl of northumberland [ q.v . ]

Two of his country houses , Eshton Hall , Yorkshire ( 1825–7 ) , and Underley Hall near Kirkby Lonsdale ( 1825–8 ) , are amongst the very earliest examples of this idiom , as well as being notably accomplished productions which were singled out for praise in Specimens of the Details of Elizabethan Architecture ( 1839 ) , by Henry Shaw [ q.v . ]
two of his country houses , eshton hall , yorkshire ( 1825–7 ) , and underley hall near kirkby lonsdale ( 1825–8 ) , are [among/of] the very earliest examples of this idiom , as well as being notably accomplished productions which were singled out for praise in specimens of the details of elizabethan architecture ( 1839 ) , by henry shaw [ q.v . ]

In 1910 carriage building was transferred from the locomotive works at Gorton , Manchester , to a new works at Dukinfield , where main-line and suburban carriages ( which were amongst the most comfortable in Britain ) were produced and from 1915 onwards fitted with Robinson 's anti-collision buffers and fenders , which gave improved protection from accidents .
in 1910 carriage building was transferred from the locomotive works at gorton , manchester , to a new works at dukinfield , where main-line and suburban carriages ( which were [among/of] the most comfortable in britain ) were produced and from 1915 onwards fitted with robinson 's anti-collision buffers and fenders , which gave improved protection from accidents .

amongst them , who described their life in Retrospections of the Stage ( 1830 ) .
[among/of] them , who described their life in retrospections of the stage ( 1830 ) .

Yet he was active in the early stages of the Anglo-Scottish war after 1542 and was amongst those at the English victory at Solway Moss , but he died ( it is not clear where ) 18 October 1544 .
yet he was active in the early stages of the anglo-scottish war after 1542 and was [among/of] those at the english victory at solway moss , but he died ( it is not clear where ) 18 october 1544 .

While still living with his family in London in 1871 he was amongst the first associate members of the newly formed Society of Telegraph Engineers ( later the Institution of Electrical Engineers ) .
while still living with his family in london in 1871 he was [among/of] the first associate members of the newly formed society of telegraph engineers ( later the institution of electrical engineers ) .

None the less , his deathbed will is a surprisingly sensitive and austere statement , with an unusual concentration of his goods upon the sick and poor , especially those amongst his own tenants , ‘ particularly those who have been hurt by me ’ .
none the less , his deathbed will is a surprisingly sensitive and austere statement , with an unusual concentration of his goods upon the sick and poor , especially those [among/of] his own tenants , ‘ particularly those who have been hurt by me ’ .

However , by the late 1970s these ideological divisions surfaced in the debates between , and amongst , community activists and community educators .
however , by the late 1970s these ideological divisions surfaced in the debates between , and [among/of] , community activists and community educators .

It is above all a crisis of and for British capitalism , but it is one in which the working class and its organisations have been unable to mount an effective resistance , let alone develop an effective struggle for a socialist solution : Conservative ideas and values may not be pervasive amongst working-class people , but they were sufficiently popular in 1983 to deliver 32 per cent of trade unionists ' votes to the Conservative Party .
it is above all a crisis of and for british capitalism , but it is one in which the working class and its organisations have been unable to mount an effective resistance , let alone develop an effective struggle for a socialist solution : conservative ideas and values may not be pervasive [among/of] working-class people , but they were sufficiently popular in 1983 to deliver 32 per cent of trade unionists ' votes to the conservative party .

Finally , such approaches are , again , inherently conservative in that they underpin the prevailing common sense about the nature and causes of unemployment , they foreclose discussion on any alternative analyses , and they integrate and undermine potentially ‘ deviant ’ political stances amongst the unemployed .
finally , such approaches are , again , inherently conservative in that they underpin the prevailing common sense about the nature and causes of unemployment , they foreclose discussion on any alternative analyses , and they integrate and undermine potentially ‘ deviant ’ political stances [among/of] the unemployed .

Within working-class communities generally , and perhaps amongst unemployed people in particular , there is an understandably negative attitude towards ‘ education ’ in all its forms .
within working-class communities generally , and perhaps [among/of] unemployed people in particular , there is an understandably negative attitude towards ‘ education ’ in all its forms .

Clearly the ideal security is one so constituted , but a legal interest can not be vested in thousands of debentureholders , nor can the deeds be split up amongst them .
clearly the ideal security is one so constituted , but a legal interest can not be vested in thousands of debentureholders , nor can the deeds be split up [among/of] them .

The common law offence of sedition , which consists of stirring hatred amongst different classes of Her Majesty 's subjects had fallen into disuse , and an unsuccessful attempt to use it to prosecute for the making of anti-semitic remarks appears to have discouraged prosecuting authorities from seeking to persuade the courts to mould the common law to deal with new problems posed by those who promote ill-will in an increasingly multi-racial society .
the common law offence of sedition , which consists of stirring hatred [among/of] different classes of her majesty 's subjects had fallen into disuse , and an unsuccessful attempt to use it to prosecute for the making of anti-semitic remarks appears to have discouraged prosecuting authorities from seeking to persuade the courts to mould the common law to deal with new problems posed by those who promote ill-will in an increasingly multi-racial society .

It also alters the definition of what amounts to distribution , so that members of racist organisations can no longer shelter behind the plea that they intended to circulate their seditious material amongst their own number .
it also alters the definition of what amounts to distribution , so that members of racist organisations can no longer shelter behind the plea that they intended to circulate their seditious material [among/of] their own number .

These are perfectly adequate for most gardeners , but the more technically appreciative and extrovert amongst us may wish to try some of the more adventurous systems currently available especially those that incorporate varying spray patterns or coloured lighting .
these are perfectly adequate for most gardeners , but the more technically appreciative and extrovert [among/of] us may wish to try some of the more adventurous systems currently available especially those that incorporate varying spray patterns or coloured lighting .

Its fully double globular flowers float like snowballs amongst bright green foliage .
its fully double globular flowers float like snowballs [among/of] bright green foliage .

Fiery red blossoms float amongst olive green leaves that are heavily mottled with chocolate and maroon .
fiery red blossoms float [among/of] olive green leaves that are heavily mottled with chocolate and maroon .

Small white three-petalled flowers are borne amongst small floating kidney-shaped leaves .
small white three-petalled flowers are borne [among/of] small floating kidney-shaped leaves .

These are brightly coloured fish that are now becoming increasingly popular amongst pool owners .
these are brightly coloured fish that are now becoming increasingly popular [among/of] pool owners .

During spawning the male fish chases the female around the pool and amongst the submerged plants , brushing and pushing furiously against her flanks .
during spawning the male fish chases the female around the pool and [among/of] the submerged plants , brushing and pushing furiously against her flanks .

She then releases the spawn , trailing it in and amongst the stems and foliage of submerged plant life .
she then releases the spawn , trailing it in and [among/of] the stems and foliage of submerged plant life .

This fastens itself to fish and sucks until it is gorged with blood , thereafter falling away to rest amongst aquatic vegetation while its meal is digested .
this fastens itself to fish and sucks until it is gorged with blood , thereafter falling away to rest [among/of] aquatic vegetation while its meal is digested .

This parasitic disease is very common amongst freshly imported ornamental fish .
this parasitic disease is very common [among/of] freshly imported ornamental fish .

In much work that was to develop within the compass of physical geography , the chronology assumed a greater significance , it required a greater knowledge of existing and recently developed dating techniques , and it thus involved close liaison with other disciplines particularly geology , biology and archaeology amongst the broadening spectrum of the earth and environmental sciences .
in much work that was to develop within the compass of physical geography , the chronology assumed a greater significance , it required a greater knowledge of existing and recently developed dating techniques , and it thus involved close liaison with other disciplines particularly geology , biology and archaeology [among/of] the broadening spectrum of the earth and environmental sciences .

The processes include interactions amongst soil materials , water and gravity or the mobilization , translocation and redeposition of materials by water flow and mass movements , whilst the responses are identifiable physical and morphological properties of the soil and also of surface morphology .
the processes include interactions [among/of] soil materials , water and gravity or the mobilization , translocation and redeposition of materials by water flow and mass movements , whilst the responses are identifiable physical and morphological properties of the soil and also of surface morphology .

The themes of quantitative methods , of chronology , of processes and of human activity as reviewed in the last four chapters all have amongst their adherents some who would claim that one of these four was the dominant paradigm for physical geographers .
the themes of quantitative methods , of chronology , of processes and of human activity as reviewed in the last four chapters all have [among/of] their adherents some who would claim that one of these four was the dominant paradigm for physical geographers .

Eighteenth-century trumpet parts were written very high because of the impossibility of obtaining scale-wise passages on the natural instrument except amongst the very high harmonics of the series .
eighteenth-century trumpet parts were written very high because of the impossibility of obtaining scale-wise passages on the natural instrument except [among/of] the very high harmonics of the series .

The new county of Cleveland created after the local government re-organisation of 1974 has failed to create a sense of identity amongst its inhabitants and many still feel a sense of belonging to North Yorkshire .
the new county of cleveland created after the local government re-organisation of 1974 has failed to create a sense of identity [among/of] its inhabitants and many still feel a sense of belonging to north yorkshire .

If we wish to examine the problem of recidivism amongst offenders , to look at the prisons alone would ignore the crucial roles played by the courts and the Home Office in the determination of sentences and the prison system we have .
if we wish to examine the problem of recidivism [among/of] offenders , to look at the prisons alone would ignore the crucial roles played by the courts and the home office in the determination of sentences and the prison system we have .

The researchers used control groups from amongst the workers to assess the effect upon productivity of such variations .
the researchers used control groups from [among/of] the workers to assess the effect upon productivity of such variations .

The absence of women and members of ethnic minorities and the continuing dominance of Oxford and Cambridge arts and classicist graduates amongst the senior civil service and the ‘ high fliers ’ are said to support these criticisms .
the absence of women and members of ethnic minorities and the continuing dominance of oxford and cambridge arts and classicist graduates [among/of] the senior civil service and the ‘ high fliers ’ are said to support these criticisms .

the continuing popularity of the service amongst the general public . This has meant that it has become a politically sensitive issue ;
the continuing popularity of the service [among/of] the general public . this has meant that it has become a politically sensitive issue ;

Amongst these are :
[among/of] these are :

The money was divided amongst the station staff , with the station-master taking the largest share .
the money was divided [among/of] the station staff , with the station-master taking the largest share .

The 1989 Law Society survey showed that ‘ the image of solicitors amongst the general public is good but not outstanding .
the 1989 law society survey showed that ‘ the image of solicitors [among/of] the general public is good but not outstanding .

Amongst the disorganised provision were to be found examples of clients who would never be charged by solicitors ; advice-giving by stipendiary magistrates , magistrates ' clerks , and county court registrars ; a poor Man 's Lawyer service in London and the provinces staffed by volunteers ; trade union legal advice and Citizens ' Advice Bureaux .
[among/of] the disorganised provision were to be found examples of clients who would never be charged by solicitors ; advice-giving by stipendiary magistrates , magistrates ' clerks , and county court registrars ; a poor man 's lawyer service in london and the provinces staffed by volunteers ; trade union legal advice and citizens ' advice bureaux .

Amongst the early tasks indicated for the Board by the Lord Chancellor was to consider whether the best use was being made of resources devoted to advice and assistance , whether better arrangements might be made by using advice agencies and other organisations , and whether any further exclusions from the green form scheme would be appropriate .
[among/of] the early tasks indicated for the board by the lord chancellor was to consider whether the best use was being made of resources devoted to advice and assistance , whether better arrangements might be made by using advice agencies and other organisations , and whether any further exclusions from the green form scheme would be appropriate .

In a High Court action , the taxing officer , in exercising his or her discretion must have regard , amongst other factors , to the complexity , difficulty and novelty of the case , the skill , specialised knowledge and responsibility required of , and the time and labour expended by , solicitor and counsel , the number and importance of documents , the importance of the matter to the client , and the amount of money or value of property involved .
in a high court action , the taxing officer , in exercising his or her discretion must have regard , [among/of] other factors , to the complexity , difficulty and novelty of the case , the skill , specialised knowledge and responsibility required of , and the time and labour expended by , solicitor and counsel , the number and importance of documents , the importance of the matter to the client , and the amount of money or value of property involved .

The attackers halted and seemed to consult amongst themselves ; then they gave a ragged cheer and charged , discharging a volley of arrows as they came .
the attackers halted and seemed to consult [among/of] themselves ; then they gave a ragged cheer and charged , discharging a volley of arrows as they came .

There they lived their lives , and prospered for a while ; but there was a disquiet amongst them , for it was said that they had been created with a purpose in this life , and that the purpose had something to do with the manner of their creation .
there they lived their lives , and prospered for a while ; but there was a disquiet [among/of] them , for it was said that they had been created with a purpose in this life , and that the purpose had something to do with the manner of their creation .

He told them to go amongst the people of the land and offer them their service , to defend Minginish instead of conquering it ; for the most earth a man ever needs is what is piled in his grave .
he told them to go [among/of] the people of the land and offer them their service , to defend minginish instead of conquering it ; for the most earth a man ever needs is what is piled in his grave .

It was fiat and broad , and a crowd of sweating men on the deck were poling it upstream amongst the bird-filled islets .
it was fiat and broad , and a crowd of sweating men on the deck were poling it upstream [among/of] the bird-filled islets .

Riven sat up , then jumped to his feet as he saw the glitter of the eyes and the shadows moving amongst the trees .
riven sat up , then jumped to his feet as he saw the glitter of the eyes and the shadows moving [among/of] the trees .

They would start to jeer at the company , but stopped when they saw the Hearthware sashes and the Myrcan staves and whispered amongst themselves .
they would start to jeer at the company , but stopped when they saw the hearthware sashes and the myrcan staves and whispered [among/of] themselves .

Conversation had started up among the customers in the tavern again , although two had left while the company had been talking amongst themselves .
conversation had started up among the customers in the tavern again , although two had left while the company had been talking [among/of] themselves .

Amongst others , these included the kitchen ( in almost all cases ) , bedrooms , bathrooms , staff rooms ( office and rest ) , cleaners cupboards , laundry , and other storerooms .
[among/of] others , these included the kitchen ( in almost all cases ) , bedrooms , bathrooms , staff rooms ( office and rest ) , cleaners cupboards , laundry , and other storerooms .

Thus , this paper is adopting explicitly a particular position along the spectrum of views currently being expressed about comprehensive , multidisciplinary assessment of older people , and , as well as proposing a model for practice , is also an attempt to stimulate amongst professionals and managers a debate , which is now urgent , about how the development of assessment and care management systems should proceed .
thus , this paper is adopting explicitly a particular position along the spectrum of views currently being expressed about comprehensive , multidisciplinary assessment of older people , and , as well as proposing a model for practice , is also an attempt to stimulate [among/of] professionals and managers a debate , which is now urgent , about how the development of assessment and care management systems should proceed .

Levels of employment were also markedly different , being particularly low amongst the latter .
levels of employment were also markedly different , being particularly low [among/of] the latter .

The use of readmission as a criterion of relapse is also problematical , as it may well overlook a higher threshold for containing mentally ill behaviour amongst supportive communities .
the use of readmission as a criterion of relapse is also problematical , as it may well overlook a higher threshold for containing mentally ill behaviour [among/of] supportive communities .

The submissions may be drawn together but can appear anywhere in the judgment or they may simply also be scattered through the judgment amongst the judicial reasoning , which may itself be discursive .
the submissions may be drawn together but can appear anywhere in the judgment or they may simply also be scattered through the judgment [among/of] the judicial reasoning , which may itself be discursive .

By close observation we can also detect two classes of players amongst our best piano players .
by close observation we can also detect two classes of players [among/of] our best piano players .

Furthermore , amongst those who influence the development of the law , it is still far from accepted that the overriding objective of the law of rape and allied offences should be the protection of sexual choice , that is to say , the protection of a woman 's right to choose , whether , when and with whom to have sexual intercourse .
furthermore , [among/of] those who influence the development of the law , it is still far from accepted that the overriding objective of the law of rape and allied offences should be the protection of sexual choice , that is to say , the protection of a woman 's right to choose , whether , when and with whom to have sexual intercourse .

To his straw-coloured hair and blue eyes he added an obvious desire to please , at least to be agreeable , attributes which were rare amongst the Glynns .
to his straw-coloured hair and blue eyes he added an obvious desire to please , at least to be agreeable , attributes which were rare [among/of] the glynns .

The bureau had a single , locked drawer and in it , amongst other things , Wycliffe found a cheque book , a paying-in book , and a sheaf of bank statements clipped together .
the bureau had a single , locked drawer and in it , [among/of] other things , wycliffe found a cheque book , a paying-in book , and a sheaf of bank statements clipped together .

There were no pictures on the walls but on the mantelpiece , amongst a random collection of odds and ends , there was a framed photograph of an elderly woman ; her hair was gathered into an old-fashioned bun on the top of her head ; she had a smooth , rather spoilt face and an expression of absolute serenity .
there were no pictures on the walls but on the mantelpiece , [among/of] a random collection of odds and ends , there was a framed photograph of an elderly woman ; her hair was gathered into an old-fashioned bun on the top of her head ; she had a smooth , rather spoilt face and an expression of absolute serenity .

He was in what was once the farmyard , now largely grown over ; hens pecked amongst the weedy cobbles .
he was in what was once the farmyard , now largely grown over ; hens pecked [among/of] the weedy cobbles .

‘ And there is strychnine amongst this lot ? ’
‘ and there is strychnine [among/of] this lot ? ’

Once over the stile he was soon amongst the hawthorn and gorse and on the track which led to the little hut ; he was doing as Alfred must have done two days earlier .
once over the stile he was soon [among/of] the hawthorn and gorse and on the track which led to the little hut ; he was doing as alfred must have done two days earlier .

It was n't only because she did n't want to trail damage amongst those who 'd helped her ; partly it was that calculating element in her mind again , that perpetual level of awareness that was tuned to seek out and recognise any opportunity that she could take to keep her in the game and moving .
it was n't only because she did n't want to trail damage [among/of] those who 'd helped her ; partly it was that calculating element in her mind again , that perpetual level of awareness that was tuned to seek out and recognise any opportunity that she could take to keep her in the game and moving .

Back in the hotel 's dancehall-sized breakfast room , he sat alone amongst a couple of hundred empty tables .
back in the hotel 's dancehall-sized breakfast room , he sat alone [among/of] a couple of hundred empty tables .

The lorry drivers in their big , companionable groups , with a much different Lucy Ashdown in amongst them .
the lorry drivers in their big , companionable groups , with a much different lucy ashdown in [among/of] them .

There was a thin leather belt in amongst the mess on the floor , and he grabbed it on his way to the door .
there was a thin leather belt in [among/of] the mess on the floor , and he grabbed it on his way to the door .

Even amongst the Greeks , Corinth was noted for its immorality — there was a significant part of the population whose god was debauchery .
even [among/of] the greeks , corinth was noted for its immorality — there was a significant part of the population whose god was debauchery .

The first leg of his travel plans will take him back to the elders of the church there , with some of the converts from Asia Minor and Greece , with a love gift for the relief of the hardship amongst the Christians .
the first leg of his travel plans will take him back to the elders of the church there , with some of the converts from asia minor and greece , with a love gift for the relief of the hardship [among/of] the christians .

Assess the level of management skills amongst specialist and trade contractors in order to determine the Institute 's role in developing these.PS
assess the level of management skills [among/of] specialist and trade contractors in order to determine the institute 's role in developing these.ps

We ask that You , Lord , will stay the hands of those who use violence against their fellows , in fighting , amongst the prisoners , and in camps .
we ask that you , lord , will stay the hands of those who use violence against their fellows , in fighting , [among/of] the prisoners , and in camps .

The river and its banks are a haven for wildlife amongst the hustle and bustle of the town .
the river and its banks are a haven for wildlife [among/of] the hustle and bustle of the town .

In the woodland or amongst the ivy , grey squirrels are often found .
in the woodland or [among/of] the ivy , grey squirrels are often found .

Lothian 's water and sewerage charges are amongst the cheapest in Scotland and cheaper than English and Welsh water companies , based on the information available .
lothian 's water and sewerage charges are [among/of] the cheapest in scotland and cheaper than english and welsh water companies , based on the information available .

The degree of risk and confrontation will be reduced by sharing information amongst employees as fully and regularly as possible .
the degree of risk and confrontation will be reduced by sharing information [among/of] employees as fully and regularly as possible .

It should be noted that the amount of injury allowance payable will be affected by , amongst other things , any pension benefits payable and any payment made to an employee under the terms of the Council 's personal accident insurance policy .
it should be noted that the amount of injury allowance payable will be affected by , [among/of] other things , any pension benefits payable and any payment made to an employee under the terms of the council 's personal accident insurance policy .

In particular , an awareness of environmental risks is growing amongst the financial institutions , as well as insurance companies and lawyers .
in particular , an awareness of environmental risks is growing [among/of] the financial institutions , as well as insurance companies and lawyers .

Chefs have banned it from their kitchens , farmers see it as a threat to the family farm , and the Swiss have voted on it ( amongst many other issues admittedly ) .
chefs have banned it from their kitchens , farmers see it as a threat to the family farm , and the swiss have voted on it ( [among/of] many other issues admittedly ) .

James , however , held the unwavering view that it was amongst the weak and the exploited where one had to look for the root of historical change .
james , however , held the unwavering view that it was [among/of] the weak and the exploited where one had to look for the root of historical change .

Yacht and boat clubs are starting to finance pontoon berthing facilities by means of debenture schemes amongst their members .
yacht and boat clubs are starting to finance pontoon berthing facilities by means of debenture schemes [among/of] their members .

Amongst the many implications of this outcome , we agree that there is an urgent need to safeguard and extend the skills needed to ensure sustainable use of the natural resources of the coast and countryside of Wales .
[among/of] the many implications of this outcome , we agree that there is an urgent need to safeguard and extend the skills needed to ensure sustainable use of the natural resources of the coast and countryside of wales .

However , amongst those who did come we had a good combination of past experience and new ideas .
however , [among/of] those who did come we had a good combination of past experience and new ideas .

The encouragement of professional readership would allow for informed debate of issues amongst teachers .
the encouragement of professional readership would allow for informed debate of issues [among/of] teachers .

Number ( ii ) accounts for all the Orpheus designs and , amongst others , the Bacchus mosaic from Stonesfield .
number ( ii ) accounts for all the orpheus designs and , [among/of] others , the bacchus mosaic from stonesfield .

Amongst these , there are cross-situational constraints enjoining appropriate social decorum , while there are others appropriate just to specific interactional moments or specific kinds of cultural events .
[among/of] these , there are cross-situational constraints enjoining appropriate social decorum , while there are others appropriate just to specific interactional moments or specific kinds of cultural events .

His proposals delighted environmentalists but were said to have caused consternation amongst fellow members of his Cabinet , alarmed at the financial and logistical implications .
his proposals delighted environmentalists but were said to have caused consternation [among/of] fellow members of his cabinet , alarmed at the financial and logistical implications .

The University has established a Museums Committee to permit more formal discussion of common problems amongst its museums and is about to launch a review of the Ashmolean .
the university has established a museums committee to permit more formal discussion of common problems [among/of] its museums and is about to launch a review of the ashmolean .

Amongst its duties would be the setting up of an environmental Geneva Convention — to decide how environmental regulations should apply in wartime .
[among/of] its duties would be the setting up of an environmental geneva convention — to decide how environmental regulations should apply in wartime .

Above all , we need a European strategy to promote the highest possible levels of education and training amongst people currently marginalised in the workforce : women , ethnic minorities , older workers and people with disabilities .
above all , we need a european strategy to promote the highest possible levels of education and training [among/of] people currently marginalised in the workforce : women , ethnic minorities , older workers and people with disabilities .

Now , amongst varied voluntary work she enthusiastically organises and participates in orienteering , ‘ It is a good family sport and it takes one to interesting and beautiful places in this country and abroad ’ .
now , [among/of] varied voluntary work she enthusiastically organises and participates in orienteering , ‘ it is a good family sport and it takes one to interesting and beautiful places in this country and abroad ’ .

Several species of Australian amphibian , amongst them some of the most beautiful and interesting in the world , have died out and are now thought to be extinct .
several species of australian amphibian , [among/of] them some of the most beautiful and interesting in the world , have died out and are now thought to be extinct .

The Coulson Professor will be amongst those eligible to be head of department .
the coulson professor will be [among/of] those eligible to be head of department .

The killing of 582 Risso dolphins on a remote beach in southern Japan has led to outrage amongst international wildlife groups .
the killing of 582 risso dolphins on a remote beach in southern japan has led to outrage [among/of] international wildlife groups .

The initial reports claimed that local fisherman had killed the dolphins in order to protect their fishing grounds and for dolphin meat , which was divided up amongst Fukue islanders in the East China Sea off Nagasaki .
the initial reports claimed that local fisherman had killed the dolphins in order to protect their fishing grounds and for dolphin meat , which was divided up [among/of] fukue islanders in the east china sea off nagasaki .

Amongst its other activities it hosts Members Days at Henley each summer , when the College is pleased to welcome members and their families from all countries to Greenlands .
[among/of] its other activities it hosts members days at henley each summer , when the college is pleased to welcome members and their families from all countries to greenlands .

The Exchange discourages the use of equity shares with no or restricted voting rights , so this can not normally be used as a device to retain control amongst a few shareholders with voting rights .
the exchange discourages the use of equity shares with no or restricted voting rights , so this can not normally be used as a device to retain control [among/of] a few shareholders with voting rights .

The concert party provisions prevent important Rules of the Code ( particularly Rules 5 , 6 , 9 and 11 ) being circumvented by dealings in shares being spread amongst a number of parties acting together .
the concert party provisions prevent important rules of the code ( particularly rules 5 , 6 , 9 and 11 ) being circumvented by dealings in shares being spread [among/of] a number of parties acting together .

There are some pretty horrendous examples of defective plans dotted amongst the law reports , and they are a major cause of delays in registration of title .
there are some pretty horrendous examples of defective plans dotted [among/of] the law reports , and they are a major cause of delays in registration of title .

It is n't invariable practice amongst conveyancers even to keep a third copy of a simple transfer for themselves ( but always keep one if it contains restrictions , or the grant or reservation of rights , etc , or if you will require one for your mortgagee 's solicitors ; normally one prepares top and carbon , both of which are sent to the seller 's conveyancers with a suggestion that the top copy , too , should be retained and used as the engrossment if its terms are approved .
it is n't invariable practice [among/of] conveyancers even to keep a third copy of a simple transfer for themselves ( but always keep one if it contains restrictions , or the grant or reservation of rights , etc , or if you will require one for your mortgagee 's solicitors ; normally one prepares top and carbon , both of which are sent to the seller 's conveyancers with a suggestion that the top copy , too , should be retained and used as the engrossment if its terms are approved .

Last amongst these devices for the protection of interests in registered land , is the restriction on the powers of registered proprietors to deal with their land ; for example , that partnership property shall not be disposed of after the death of one of the partners without the consent of his or her personal representatives ; or that no disposition is to be registered without the consent of the proprietor of a registered charge ( this last one a not uncommon precaution of building societies ) .
last [among/of] these devices for the protection of interests in registered land , is the restriction on the powers of registered proprietors to deal with their land ; for example , that partnership property shall not be disposed of after the death of one of the partners without the consent of his or her personal representatives ; or that no disposition is to be registered without the consent of the proprietor of a registered charge ( this last one a not uncommon precaution of building societies ) .

If it is said of a barrister that he has refused to appear for an unsavoury criminal , the ordinary reader may applaud , but his professional reputation is lowered amongst colleagues who understand the story to mean that he has betrayed his ethical duty to appear for all who seek his services .
if it is said of a barrister that he has refused to appear for an unsavoury criminal , the ordinary reader may applaud , but his professional reputation is lowered [among/of] colleagues who understand the story to mean that he has betrayed his ethical duty to appear for all who seek his services .

Where the sting is not a matter of general knowledge , its defamatory capacity is judged by its impact upon ordinary readers who have such knowledge — if the plaintiff can first prove that such persons were amongst the actual readership .
where the sting is not a matter of general knowledge , its defamatory capacity is judged by its impact upon ordinary readers who have such knowledge — if the plaintiff can first prove that such persons were [among/of] the actual readership .

Plaintiffs must make available to the defence all documents in their possession which are relevant to the matters in dispute — and sometimes there will be found , amongst office memoranda and other internal documents , material which goes to justify the original allegation .
plaintiffs must make available to the defence all documents in their possession which are relevant to the matters in dispute — and sometimes there will be found , [among/of] office memoranda and other internal documents , material which goes to justify the original allegation .

He was amongst the thousands who streamed into a clover field at Fog Lane , Didsbury , and waited all night to witness the finish of the first London-Manchester Flight .
he was [among/of] the thousands who streamed into a clover field at fog lane , didsbury , and waited all night to witness the finish of the first london-manchester flight .

Granny Granville decided that there was a potential market amongst sports pilots , the relatively few rich young people who still had money .
granny granville decided that there was a potential market [among/of] sports pilots , the relatively few rich young people who still had money .

Average household size amongst buyers is 3.3 with 47% having two children or more .
average household size [among/of] buyers is 3.3 with 47% having two children or more .

Amongst the advantages of this AD8-style box are :
[among/of] the advantages of this ad8-style box are :

Safrane 's controls have been located as high as possible on the dashboard and in logical groupings . Amongst the main design features are :
safrane 's controls have been located as high as possible on the dashboard and in logical groupings . [among/of] the main design features are :

But what 's certain is that if you 're in that type of job you will be amongst the lowest paid workers in Scotland .
but what 's certain is that if you 're in that type of job you will be [among/of] the lowest paid workers in scotland .

Just the statutory plug for tomorrow 's show — and it 's calling all those amongst you who have ever tangled with the plastic interlocking brick and failed to construct anything — yes , Katie 's off to Legoland in Denmark .
just the statutory plug for tomorrow 's show — and it 's calling all those [among/of] you who have ever tangled with the plastic interlocking brick and failed to construct anything — yes , katie 's off to legoland in denmark .

With relief Suzi had departed back to Hochhauser , feeling she had n't altogether lost face amongst her fellow students after all , her choice of career was still quite artistic and adventurous , it was still ‘ show business ’ in a way — but also overjoyed to be going home .
with relief suzi had departed back to hochhauser , feeling she had n't altogether lost face [among/of] her fellow students after all , her choice of career was still quite artistic and adventurous , it was still ‘ show business ’ in a way — but also overjoyed to be going home .

This was their new production , and an electric charge went through them , intensely fuelled amongst the younger members because they had heard that Hans Kramer , the Viennese operatic agent , was coming specially to Hochhauser to see Therese .
this was their new production , and an electric charge went through them , intensely fuelled [among/of] the younger members because they had heard that hans kramer , the viennese operatic agent , was coming specially to hochhauser to see therese .

The model predicts that vulnerability factors can only be expected to be revealed amongst women experiencing major difficulties or who have recently experienced a severe event .
the model predicts that vulnerability factors can only be expected to be revealed [among/of] women experiencing major difficulties or who have recently experienced a severe event .

, 1987a ) have shown that pregnancies are more common amongst girls with childhood lack of care than in a comparison group .
, 1987a ) have shown that pregnancies are more common [among/of] girls with childhood lack of care than in a comparison group .

Not since Aizlewood , Welsh international and 1980s inspirational captain has a defender evoked such tender feelings amongst Leeds fans .
not since aizlewood , welsh international and 1980s inspirational captain has a defender evoked such tender feelings [among/of] leeds fans .

Amongst the equations or sets of equations that have been particularly significant in the development of ideas about chaos are the Lorenz equations , introduced in Section 17.3 .
[among/of] the equations or sets of equations that have been particularly significant in the development of ideas about chaos are the lorenz equations , introduced in section 17.3 .

Amongst fictitious Whites is the wonderful Rigsby in Rising Damp .
[among/of] fictitious whites is the wonderful rigsby in rising damp .

Amongst two partner firms , in contrast , there was a clear majority in favour of some form of restriction , while amongst respondents from ‘ medium ’ and ‘ large ’ firms ( here defined broadly as firms with 3–10 and over 10 partners respectively ) nearly 80 % answered the question negatively .
[among/of] two partner firms , in contrast , there was a clear majority in favour of some form of restriction , while [among/of] respondents from ‘ medium ’ and ‘ large ’ firms ( here defined broadly as firms with 3–10 and over 10 partners respectively ) nearly 80 % answered the question negatively .

Local law societies were more evenly divided in their overall response to the question ( 33 against , 23 in favour ) , and some were hard pressed to reach a consensus amongst their members .
local law societies were more evenly divided in their overall response to the question ( 33 against , 23 in favour ) , and some were hard pressed to reach a consensus [among/of] their members .

Firstly , the statistics appearing in the background paper were frequently berated for failing to make clear the actual level of default amongst partnerships and thus for misdirecting the profession on the issues .
firstly , the statistics appearing in the background paper were frequently berated for failing to make clear the actual level of default [among/of] partnerships and thus for misdirecting the profession on the issues .

There was some confusion amongst respondents over whether the question related merely to the keeping of a copy of an undertaking on the relevant file , or to a central record of undertakings as intended in the paper .
there was some confusion [among/of] respondents over whether the question related merely to the keeping of a copy of an undertaking on the relevant file , or to a central record of undertakings as intended in the paper .

At least five local law societies found it difficult to reach a consensus amongst their members on the matter .
at least five local law societies found it difficult to reach a consensus [among/of] their members on the matter .

This was a vexed issue amongst solicitors who were affected in this way ; although it was interesting that the committee of the Legal Aid Practitioners Group concluded that ‘ a levy based on an equal proportion of the payment ‘ was ’ unavoidable ’ .
this was a vexed issue [among/of] solicitors who were affected in this way ; although it was interesting that the committee of the legal aid practitioners group concluded that ‘ a levy based on an equal proportion of the payment ‘ was ’ unavoidable ’ .

( e ) there was widespread agreement amongst those who opposed the proposal , that a solicitor who wished to act in the circumstances outlined in the question ought nevertheless to be under an obligation to disclose to the lender any personal , family or employee interests attaching to the transaction which might give rise to a conflict .
( e ) there was widespread agreement [among/of] those who opposed the proposal , that a solicitor who wished to act in the circumstances outlined in the question ought nevertheless to be under an obligation to disclose to the lender any personal , family or employee interests attaching to the transaction which might give rise to a conflict .

Amongst those who disagreed it was frequently asserted that the provision of a sealed form 53 prior to completion might facilitate rather than hinder the commission of a fraud .
[among/of] those who disagreed it was frequently asserted that the provision of a sealed form 53 prior to completion might facilitate rather than hinder the commission of a fraud .

Success in Britain — The Renault Clio is amongst the ten best selling cars in the British market , with a total of 34,701 sales in 1992 .
success in britain — the renault clio is [among/of] the ten best selling cars in the british market , with a total of 34,701 sales in 1992 .

Trends also suggest the Clio is becoming increasingly popular amongst younger buyers — largely as a result of special editions designed for younger motorists and press advertising designed to appeal to younger buyers .
trends also suggest the clio is becoming increasingly popular [among/of] younger buyers — largely as a result of special editions designed for younger motorists and press advertising designed to appeal to younger buyers .

Attractive Design — Design/Style is the factor most frequently revealed by Clio customers amongst their reasons for purchase .
attractive design — design/style is the factor most frequently revealed by clio customers [among/of] their reasons for purchase .

With indirect fuel injection , the well-proven power unit has been a driving force in the growing popularity of diesel amongst British drivers over recent years .
with indirect fuel injection , the well-proven power unit has been a driving force in the growing popularity of diesel [among/of] british drivers over recent years .

Comfort , spaciousness and equipment levels are amongst the most common reasons given by owners for liking their Clios .
comfort , spaciousness and equipment levels are [among/of] the most common reasons given by owners for liking their clios .

Amongst the guests this year were two nonagenarians , Arthur Terry , a former superintending steward with Orient Line who retired in 1967 after 48 years ' service , and Captain William Solly who served with British India for 33 years and retired as a commander in 1960 .
[among/of] the guests this year were two nonagenarians , arthur terry , a former superintending steward with orient line who retired in 1967 after 48 years ' service , and captain william solly who served with british india for 33 years and retired as a commander in 1960 .

Standardisation needs to take place at another level as well ; this time amongst computer-using historians who are willing to attempt collective decisions about what information should be encoded in a machine-readable document and about how encoding decisions should be recorded for posterity and secondary analyses .
standardisation needs to take place at another level as well ; this time [among/of] computer-using historians who are willing to attempt collective decisions about what information should be encoded in a machine-readable document and about how encoding decisions should be recorded for posterity and secondary analyses .

Most notable amongst them are methods of database management and statistical processing .
most notable [among/of] them are methods of database management and statistical processing .

17.6.2 . Fostering communication amongst users and depositors
17.6.2 . fostering communication [among/of] users and depositors

Principal amongst these are : whether the problems of computing facing historians are different to those in other area of the humanities and the social sciences ; the strengths and weaknesses of the standardisation movement ; the availability , utilisation , and interpretation of source materials ; and the position and needs of data archiving .
principal [among/of] these are : whether the problems of computing facing historians are different to those in other area of the humanities and the social sciences ; the strengths and weaknesses of the standardisation movement ; the availability , utilisation , and interpretation of source materials ; and the position and needs of data archiving .

The pace of technological change has already rendered obsolete many items that few would argue amongst the worth of preserving .
the pace of technological change has already rendered obsolete many items that few would argue [among/of] the worth of preserving .

Thus historians need to create an awareness amongst themselves of the shape and the nature of the information structures which will be used in the future for the history of the present .
thus historians need to create an awareness [among/of] themselves of the shape and the nature of the information structures which will be used in the future for the history of the present .

They must extend knowledge of and training in these techniques amongst themselves .
they must extend knowledge of and training in these techniques [among/of] themselves .

No hard and fast line can be drawn between the workers who are and those who are not to be counted amongst ‘ the poor ’ ; there is a constant flux , and besides those who suffer from chronic underpayment , artisans , as well as tradesmen and rustics , are constantly sinking , with or without their own fault , into the depth of misery .
no hard and fast line can be drawn between the workers who are and those who are not to be counted [among/of] ‘ the poor ’ ; there is a constant flux , and besides those who suffer from chronic underpayment , artisans , as well as tradesmen and rustics , are constantly sinking , with or without their own fault , into the depth of misery .

The traditional theory [ of employment ] maintains , in short , that the wage bargains between the entrepreneurs and the workers determine the real wage ; so that , assuming free competition amongst employers and no restrictive combinations amongst workers , the latter can , if they wish , bring their real wages into conformity with the marginal disutility of employment offered by the employers at that wage .
the traditional theory [ of employment ] maintains , in short , that the wage bargains between the entrepreneurs and the workers determine the real wage ; so that , assuming free competition [among/of] employers and no restrictive combinations [among/of] workers , the latter can , if they wish , bring their real wages into conformity with the marginal disutility of employment offered by the employers at that wage .

The trial judge later went on to deal with other and more serious injury : amongst other things he mentioned the question of arthritic changes .
the trial judge later went on to deal with other and more serious injury : [among/of] other things he mentioned the question of arthritic changes .

The tax aspects of a management buy-out must of course be considered in the light of company law , accounting and financing requirements , so there should be discussion amongst the various advisers acting for management , the banks and institutional investors .
the tax aspects of a management buy-out must of course be considered in the light of company law , accounting and financing requirements , so there should be discussion [among/of] the various advisers acting for management , the banks and institutional investors .

There will often be negotiation between the vendor and Newco/management about how the aggregate consideration for the sale of the business should be apportioned amongst the various assets .
there will often be negotiation between the vendor and newco/management about how the aggregate consideration for the sale of the business should be apportioned [among/of] the various assets .

It will cover , amongst other matters , the investors ' undertaking to subscribe , and possibly to procure subscribers , for shares in Newco .
it will cover , [among/of] other matters , the investors ' undertaking to subscribe , and possibly to procure subscribers , for shares in newco .

Excluding the creditors and debtors may cause confusion amongst them as they will be uncertain as to whether they are meant to be dealing with the vendor or the purchaser for particular debts and liabilities .
excluding the creditors and debtors may cause confusion [among/of] them as they will be uncertain as to whether they are meant to be dealing with the vendor or the purchaser for particular debts and liabilities .

The study warned that : `` Levels of mutagenesis amongst people living in Ust-Kamenogorsk in terms of numbers and type of deformed chromosomes is close to that witnessed amongst people living close to Chernobyl . ``
the study warned that : `` levels of mutagenesis [among/of] people living in ust-kamenogorsk in terms of numbers and type of deformed chromosomes is close to that witnessed [among/of] people living close to chernobyl . ``

But environmentalists warn that the diversion will upset the delicate ecological balance of the river system , as well as causing massive disruption amongst the network of lagoons , wet meadows and riverine forests of the Acheloos estuary .
but environmentalists warn that the diversion will upset the delicate ecological balance of the river system , as well as causing massive disruption [among/of] the network of lagoons , wet meadows and riverine forests of the acheloos estuary .

One of the largest rehabilitation schemes will be in the 600,000-hectare Danube delta in Ukraine and Romania , which is amongst Europe 's most important bird breeding areas , but has been severely damaged by reclamation of land for cultivation .
one of the largest rehabilitation schemes will be in the 600,000-hectare danube delta in ukraine and romania , which is [among/of] europe 's most important bird breeding areas , but has been severely damaged by reclamation of land for cultivation .

Naturally , amongst other things that we took out into the desert with us was the long-established tea swindle , which we all subscribed to , It was considered a most heinous offence if pupil or anyone else taxied within the proximity of the tea swindle and the great volume of sand engulfed those who were engaged in making the tea — indeed , getting any sand anywhere near the brew as it was being prepared was considered a serious offence .
naturally , [among/of] other things that we took out into the desert with us was the long-established tea swindle , which we all subscribed to , it was considered a most heinous offence if pupil or anyone else taxied within the proximity of the tea swindle and the great volume of sand engulfed those who were engaged in making the tea — indeed , getting any sand anywhere near the brew as it was being prepared was considered a serious offence .

Amongst other nationals was an outstanding Norwegian , Ma Christie — later to become a General in Norway 's air force .
[among/of] other nationals was an outstanding norwegian , ma christie — later to become a general in norway 's air force .

They were on the brow of a little hill and Sara walked farther on to look down on the county spread in front of her , idly trying to recognise familiar landmarks — It was a travel-ad view — neat lush fields , trim hedgerows , a farmhouse nestling in amongst its windbreak of trees , a sheet of yellow on the far hills where a field of mustard was in bloom , and for the rest , a thousand different shades of the greens of high summer , a piece of England basking in the sun and as beautiful as any foreign strand .
they were on the brow of a little hill and sara walked farther on to look down on the county spread in front of her , idly trying to recognise familiar landmarks — it was a travel-ad view — neat lush fields , trim hedgerows , a farmhouse nestling in [among/of] its windbreak of trees , a sheet of yellow on the far hills where a field of mustard was in bloom , and for the rest , a thousand different shades of the greens of high summer , a piece of england basking in the sun and as beautiful as any foreign strand .

In Britain , to date , there has been little experience of union influence over selection amongst the technical and social options for information technology .
in britain , to date , there has been little experience of union influence over selection [among/of] the technical and social options for information technology .

This solution , which he regarded as amongst the most valuable and characteristic of all his works ( Hume 1981 p 165 ) and which had originally been suggested to him by his brother as the plan for a large house to be occupied by workmen ( Stephen , 1900 p 201 ) , he published in pamphlets entitled Panopticon or the Inspection House and Panopticon Postscripts Parts 1 and 11 .
this solution , which he regarded as [among/of] the most valuable and characteristic of all his works ( hume 1981 p 165 ) and which had originally been suggested to him by his brother as the plan for a large house to be occupied by workmen ( stephen , 1900 p 201 ) , he published in pamphlets entitled panopticon or the inspection house and panopticon postscripts parts 1 and 11 .

Some studies are being made ( by the Department of Energy amongst others ) of user responses to solar heating systems in private houses ; these are chiefly in order to iron out operating problems , since to obtain maximum benefit the home owner or tenant must pay a little more attention to energy use patterns with active solar collector systems and avoid leaving doors and windows open with passive systems .
some studies are being made ( by the department of energy [among/of] others ) of user responses to solar heating systems in private houses ; these are chiefly in order to iron out operating problems , since to obtain maximum benefit the home owner or tenant must pay a little more attention to energy use patterns with active solar collector systems and avoid leaving doors and windows open with passive systems .

Consider for a minute the tenacity that the concept of `` form `` has had in design even amongst those most determined to eradicate the idea of `` aesthetics `` .
consider for a minute the tenacity that the concept of `` form `` has had in design even [among/of] those most determined to eradicate the idea of `` aesthetics `` .

One of the principle reasons for the development of anti-school attitudes amongst these young people is the separation and ranking of students according to a multiple set of criteria which make up the normative , academically oriented value system of the school .
one of the principle reasons for the development of anti-school attitudes [among/of] these young people is the separation and ranking of students according to a multiple set of criteria which make up the normative , academically oriented value system of the school .

The Zoo is unique amongst British zoos because of its hilltop setting , and is one of the most beautifully situated in the whole of Europe , where it is possible to see a variety of birds , animals and reptiles , in their natural settings .
the zoo is unique [among/of] british zoos because of its hilltop setting , and is one of the most beautifully situated in the whole of europe , where it is possible to see a variety of birds , animals and reptiles , in their natural settings .

There were fruit trees amongst the flowers , here a pear tree , there a currant bush , so that one could either smell a rose , crush a verbena , or eat a fruit ; there were borders of box , but also of sorrel and chibol ; and the stiff battalion of leeks , shallots , and garlic , the delicate pale-green foliage of the carrot , the aggressive steel-grey leaves of the artichokes , the rows of lettuce which always ran to seed too quickly .
there were fruit trees [among/of] the flowers , here a pear tree , there a currant bush , so that one could either smell a rose , crush a verbena , or eat a fruit ; there were borders of box , but also of sorrel and chibol ; and the stiff battalion of leeks , shallots , and garlic , the delicate pale-green foliage of the carrot , the aggressive steel-grey leaves of the artichokes , the rows of lettuce which always ran to seed too quickly .

Many races have traditions of exceptionally long life amongst their early forbears .
many races have traditions of exceptionally long life [among/of] their early forbears .

Ur was amongst the cities they conquered and sacked at this time .
ur was [among/of] the cities they conquered and sacked at this time .

The lavish welcome and provision ( despite the inconvenience of the visitors ' arrival during the midday siesta ) are typical of hospitality amongst nomadic desert people even today .
the lavish welcome and provision ( despite the inconvenience of the visitors ' arrival during the midday siesta ) are typical of hospitality [among/of] nomadic desert people even today .

First gnats and then flies , breeding amongst the carcases of fish and frogs , plague the land ( 8:16–32 ) .
first gnats and then flies , breeding [among/of] the carcases of fish and frogs , plague the land ( 8:16–32 ) .

He is to have a home amongst them like their own homes .
he is to have a home [among/of] them like their own homes .

The Lord in his glory had actually come to dwell amongst his people .
the lord in his glory had actually come to dwell [among/of] his people .

He is determined to live amongst his people , to travel with them .
he is determined to live [among/of] his people , to travel with them .

Sacrifice of some sort was almost universal practice amongst ancient peoples , and Israel 's sacrifices have some similarities with those of her neighbours . Nonetheless , certain features were unique :
sacrifice of some sort was almost universal practice [among/of] ancient peoples , and israel 's sacrifices have some similarities with those of her neighbours . nonetheless , certain features were unique :

Amongst those banned are :
[among/of] those banned are :

Amongst the Phoenicians live infants were placed in the arms of a idol , and died in the flames burning inside it .
[among/of] the phoenicians live infants were placed in the arms of a idol , and died in the flames burning inside it .

Best of all , God will walk amongst his people , as he walked in the garden with the first man .
best of all , god will walk [among/of] his people , as he walked in the garden with the first man .

No sooner was he back amongst his own patients than he set about exchanging the dressings applied by Dr McNab , even though they were in most cases identical to his own .
no sooner was he back [among/of] his own patients than he set about exchanging the dressings applied by dr mcnab , even though they were in most cases identical to his own .

But just as the auction was about to begin there was a commotion amongst the knot of gentlemen who had gathered around the foot of the stairs .
but just as the auction was about to begin there was a commotion [among/of] the knot of gentlemen who had gathered around the foot of the stairs .

It is particularly heartening to note that telephone ownership amongst pensioners has climbed from 49.8 per cent of households in 1979 to nearly 86 per cent ten years later .
it is particularly heartening to note that telephone ownership [among/of] pensioners has climbed from 49.8 per cent of households in 1979 to nearly 86 per cent ten years later .

In a nonsense poem addressed to Virginia Woolf he described himself as `` upper-middle `` , a class distinction which immediately associated him with the kind of solid and respectable Englishmen amongst whom he passed his business life and to whom he went for — to use one of the characteristic words — `` convivial `` social life .
in a nonsense poem addressed to virginia woolf he described himself as `` upper-middle `` , a class distinction which immediately associated him with the kind of solid and respectable englishmen [among/of] whom he passed his business life and to whom he went for — to use one of the characteristic words — `` convivial `` social life .

He was the most self-conscious countryman amongst British Prime Ministers of the past hundred years or more .
he was the most self-conscious countryman [among/of] british prime ministers of the past hundred years or more .

He was rather anonymous amongst his contemporaries , and the flavour of this anonymity is well captured by an anecdote , possibly apocryphal like most anecdotes , from much later in his life .
he was rather anonymous [among/of] his contemporaries , and the flavour of this anonymity is well captured by an anecdote , possibly apocryphal like most anecdotes , from much later in his life .

The anonymity ( not perhaps best protected by the choice of pseudonym ) held just long enough for Baldwin to be alone in the secret amongst those present when he performed his statutory Financial Secretary 's duty of witnessing the burning of the cancelled bonds , but not for much longer .
the anonymity ( not perhaps best protected by the choice of pseudonym ) held just long enough for baldwin to be alone in the secret [among/of] those present when he performed his statutory financial secretary 's duty of witnessing the burning of the cancelled bonds , but not for much longer .

His reputation amongst Conservative Members of Parliament was high .
his reputation [among/of] conservative members of parliament was high .

There was a good deal of plotting in the Cabinet , and amongst the dissident ex-Coalitionists .
there was a good deal of plotting in the cabinet , and [among/of] the dissident ex-coalitionists .

The proximity did not however imply that the Prime Minister was moving amongst the King 's friends .
the proximity did not however imply that the prime minister was moving [among/of] the king 's friends .

Britain was almost alone amongst European states in surviving the convulsions of 1939–45 without a change of regime .
britain was almost alone [among/of] european states in surviving the convulsions of 1939–45 without a change of regime .

Certainly , he does not lack for critics ; and they are mainly to be found on the left of the political spectrum , amongst those who subscribe to Socialism in one or other of its varying forms .
certainly , he does not lack for critics ; and they are mainly to be found on the left of the political spectrum , [among/of] those who subscribe to socialism in one or other of its varying forms .

Treaty amendment , other than in accordance with the terms of an amendment clause , has to be by unanimity amongst the parties .
treaty amendment , other than in accordance with the terms of an amendment clause , has to be by unanimity [among/of] the parties .

She never for a moment thought of deserting French for Mrs Hill , having encountered amongst other things some nasty problems about the nature of electricity , but she did enjoy the sensation of flirtation : she spent a long time making her mind up , and finally was summoned by the headmistress , who told her she ought to stick to Sciences , because they offered better prospects .
she never for a moment thought of deserting french for mrs hill , having encountered [among/of] other things some nasty problems about the nature of electricity , but she did enjoy the sensation of flirtation : she spent a long time making her mind up , and finally was summoned by the headmistress , who told her she ought to stick to sciences , because they offered better prospects .

Most of them had been in from the start , born survivors , born leaders : amongst these lucky few were numbered Rosie Lane , an athletic , pretty , small-faced girl whose father owned a large grocer 's , and whose primal popularity h ) d been cheaply purchased by the judicious distribution of dried apricots and jelly cubes , which the girls devoured whole .
most of them had been in from the start , born survivors , born leaders : [among/of] these lucky few were numbered rosie lane , an athletic , pretty , small-faced girl whose father owned a large grocer 's , and whose primal popularity h ) d been cheaply purchased by the judicious distribution of dried apricots and jelly cubes , which the girls devoured whole .

She stayed in the Ladies ' room for a long time , amongst girls fainting , and weeping and grieving over laddered stockings , and when she emerged he had disappeared .
she stayed in the ladies ' room for a long time , [among/of] girls fainting , and weeping and grieving over laddered stockings , and when she emerged he had disappeared .

There were photographs and postcard and letters pinned up and pasted on tables and walls , and amongst these more adult decorations , there was also a great quantity of carefully arranged and ancient toys , of a precise and coloured charm ; there was a doll 's house , a glass jar of marbles , a toy iron on a small brass stand , a heap of rag dolls , a row of painted wooden Russian dolls , a nest of coloured eggs , a tower of bricks , a weather house , a huge pendant snowstorm globe containing a small palace and a small forest with small ferny trees .
there were photographs and postcard and letters pinned up and pasted on tables and walls , and [among/of] these more adult decorations , there was also a great quantity of carefully arranged and ancient toys , of a precise and coloured charm ; there was a doll 's house , a glass jar of marbles , a toy iron on a small brass stand , a heap of rag dolls , a row of painted wooden russian dolls , a nest of coloured eggs , a tower of bricks , a weather house , a huge pendant snowstorm globe containing a small palace and a small forest with small ferny trees .

He became a pariah although he did have an avid following amongst some of the more radical left-wing students who regarded him as something of a guru .
he became a pariah although he did have an avid following [among/of] some of the more radical left-wing students who regarded him as something of a guru .

The official welcoming party had congregated in front of the limousines , talking amongst themselves .
the official welcoming party had congregated in front of the limousines , talking [among/of] themselves .

As Ho and other communists noted , amongst the European proletariat the issue of colonial emancipation was very much an also-ran in the 1920s ; and even after a bona fide Vietnamese communist party had been formed , it was just as irksome to them to have to accept the tutelage of the French Communist Party .
as ho and other communists noted , [among/of] the european proletariat the issue of colonial emancipation was very much an also-ran in the 1920s ; and even after a bona fide vietnamese communist party had been formed , it was just as irksome to them to have to accept the tutelage of the french communist party .

In its flight from the French security services once the war in Europe had broken out , the Party had , if only inadvertently , operationalized its interest in the peasantry ; if only for the fact that , in leaving the towns , they were now living amongst them .
in its flight from the french security services once the war in europe had broken out , the party had , if only inadvertently , operationalized its interest in the peasantry ; if only for the fact that , in leaving the towns , they were now living [among/of] them .

The Talmud , Jewry 's equivalent of the Holy Bible is exposed as a depraved work , which amongst other perversions , advocates sexual relations with very young children .
the talmud , jewry 's equivalent of the holy bible is exposed as a depraved work , which [among/of] other perversions , advocates sexual relations with very young children .

The Goldsmiths reverted to their former practice , abandoned for a century , of requiring the personal appearance in London of all the candidates , from amongst whom the Rev .
the goldsmiths reverted to their former practice , abandoned for a century , of requiring the personal appearance in london of all the candidates , from [among/of] whom the rev .

Hamilton had been appointed Acting Headmaster of the Grammar School on Gurney 's departure , and had overseen the move from Dodge Hill to Greek Street of pupils , desks , and fitments , and was the successful candidate from amongst the thirteen ( including one layman ) who applied . He was appointed on 3rd September 1860 , and signed officially on the following day :
hamilton had been appointed acting headmaster of the grammar school on gurney 's departure , and had overseen the move from dodge hill to greek street of pupils , desks , and fitments , and was the successful candidate from [among/of] the thirteen ( including one layman ) who applied . he was appointed on 3rd september 1860 , and signed officially on the following day :

McCord 's revelations led to the first crack in the united front amongst Nixon 's officials .
mccord 's revelations led to the first crack in the united front [among/of] nixon 's officials .

As Wayne Gossage has said : `` Patricia Knapp was one of the few people in the inner circle of the library-college vanguard who was in any way critical `` ( Gossage 1975 : 8 ) and this has been a sad weakness in a movement which , with its enthusiasm and provocative reversal of traditional priorities , has aroused much interest and thought amongst educators , librarians and administrators .
as wayne gossage has said : `` patricia knapp was one of the few people in the inner circle of the library-college vanguard who was in any way critical `` ( gossage 1975 : 8 ) and this has been a sad weakness in a movement which , with its enthusiasm and provocative reversal of traditional priorities , has aroused much interest and thought [among/of] educators , librarians and administrators .

Where ancillaries can not be afforded , their skills can often be found less conveniently amongst teaching staffs themselves , or else acquired ; and it was noted by many schools visited during the Resource Centre Project that a surprising potential sometimes existed in voluntary form in the community .
where ancillaries can not be afforded , their skills can often be found less conveniently [among/of] teaching staffs themselves , or else acquired ; and it was noted by many schools visited during the resource centre project that a surprising potential sometimes existed in voluntary form in the community .

Good schools have always regarded advice and guidance as part of the responsibilities of senior teachers , and department heads are chosen not only for their administrative abilities but also for their qualities of leadership in developing sound methodologies amongst their staff .
good schools have always regarded advice and guidance as part of the responsibilities of senior teachers , and department heads are chosen not only for their administrative abilities but also for their qualities of leadership in developing sound methodologies [among/of] their staff .

Creation stories from eight cultures had been distinguished — Egyptian , Norse , African , Oceanic , Greek , Mexican , Indian and the Genesis account — and these could be divided amongst the eight groups very happily , with the addition of timetabled periods of art and music-drama for double groups , in which basic techniques were linked to suitable themes ( for instance , shrine-building , rain-making ceremonies ) .
creation stories from eight cultures had been distinguished — egyptian , norse , african , oceanic , greek , mexican , indian and the genesis account — and these could be divided [among/of] the eight groups very happily , with the addition of timetabled periods of art and music-drama for double groups , in which basic techniques were linked to suitable themes ( for instance , shrine-building , rain-making ceremonies ) .

There is a general agreement amongst cardiologists about the value of risk stratification and exercise testing , and if the patients are seen under medical control , more general points can also be tackled .
there is a general agreement [among/of] cardiologists about the value of risk stratification and exercise testing , and if the patients are seen under medical control , more general points can also be tackled .

Interestingly , amongst the 8- to 12-year-olds 30 % were hypertensive , particularly those coming from single-parent families .
interestingly , [among/of] the 8- to 12-year-olds 30 % were hypertensive , particularly those coming from single-parent families .

What he wo n't accept are decisions which compromise his principles : principles of openness , honesty and commitment amongst others .
what he wo n't accept are decisions which compromise his principles : principles of openness , honesty and commitment [among/of] others .

Dentdale is superb walking country : the high ridge walks along Rise Hill and Barbon Fell are amongst the best in the Dales , while lower down , the Dales Way long-distance path follows the river for much of its length into Sedbergh , and some of the wooded gills like Flinter Gill , which arc a typical feature of Dentdale , have footpaths along them leading on to the fells or on to the old packhorse routes .
dentdale is superb walking country : the high ridge walks along rise hill and barbon fell are [among/of] the best in the dales , while lower down , the dales way long-distance path follows the river for much of its length into sedbergh , and some of the wooded gills like flinter gill , which arc a typical feature of dentdale , have footpaths along them leading on to the fells or on to the old packhorse routes .

From Middleton Bridge we followed the Rawthey to Brigflatts and sat in the garden in the sun , a black tulip growing solitary amongst the mass of wild flowers below one of the windows .
from middleton bridge we followed the rawthey to brigflatts and sat in the garden in the sun , a black tulip growing solitary [among/of] the mass of wild flowers below one of the windows .

By Brackensgill the Dales Way passes below Brackensgill Wood where there are some magnificent waterfalls hidden amongst the trees .
by brackensgill the dales way passes below brackensgill wood where there are some magnificent waterfalls hidden [among/of] the trees .

Could a private citizen obtain a court order to prevent post office workers boycotting mail to South Africa ? Could the Greater London Council lawfully cut tube fares ? Could a taxi driver be deprived of his licence to operate at Heathrow because of misconduct , without being given a chance to put his side of the story ? Could the Secretary of State for Education force a local authority to go ahead with its predecessor council 's plan to ‘ comprehensivize ’ schools in its area ? Could parents force a local authority to keep schools open during a strike of ancillary workers ? When is the Home Office entitled to change policy guidelines concerning the release of prisoners on licence or the admission to Britain of immigrant children wanted for adoption here ? Could the government ban union membership amongst civil servants working at its intelligence headquarters without consulting union leaders ? Could Spanish owners of fishing vessels force the government to allow the vessels to fish in British waters pending a decision as to whether they were entitled to do so under European Community law ? Could campaigners for the preservation of the remains of Shakespeare 's Rose theatre challenge a decision to register the remains as a national monument ? Could the government lawfully ban transmission of the voices of members of terrorist organizations ?
could a private citizen obtain a court order to prevent post office workers boycotting mail to south africa ? could the greater london council lawfully cut tube fares ? could a taxi driver be deprived of his licence to operate at heathrow because of misconduct , without being given a chance to put his side of the story ? could the secretary of state for education force a local authority to go ahead with its predecessor council 's plan to ‘ comprehensivize ’ schools in its area ? could parents force a local authority to keep schools open during a strike of ancillary workers ? when is the home office entitled to change policy guidelines concerning the release of prisoners on licence or the admission to britain of immigrant children wanted for adoption here ? could the government ban union membership [among/of] civil servants working at its intelligence headquarters without consulting union leaders ? could spanish owners of fishing vessels force the government to allow the vessels to fish in british waters pending a decision as to whether they were entitled to do so under european community law ? could campaigners for the preservation of the remains of shakespeare 's rose theatre challenge a decision to register the remains as a national monument ? could the government lawfully ban transmission of the voices of members of terrorist organizations ?

The company is a form created by the free agreement amongst the shareholders , much like an extended partnership .
the company is a form created by the free agreement [among/of] the shareholders , much like an extended partnership .

Amongst the most famous is the impressive Rijksmuseum , home of the famous ‘ Night Watch ’ by Rembrandt and the Van Gogh Museum , the city 's only museum dedicated to a single artist .
[among/of] the most famous is the impressive rijksmuseum , home of the famous ‘ night watch ’ by rembrandt and the van gogh museum , the city 's only museum dedicated to a single artist .

Amongst the more modern works on offer may be seen a rare print by Pissarro , ‘ Paysage sous bois à l'Hermitage ’ ( est .
[among/of] the more modern works on offer may be seen a rare print by pissarro , ‘ paysage sous bois à l'hermitage ’ ( est .

Several watercolours and oils by Marc Chagall will be offered , amongst which ‘ Paysage au poisson rouge ’ , an accumulation of images inspired by his home town of Vitebsk ( est .
several watercolours and oils by marc chagall will be offered , [among/of] which ‘ paysage au poisson rouge ’ , an accumulation of images inspired by his home town of vitebsk ( est .

Cigarette smoking amongst women , as amongst men , is on the decrease .
cigarette smoking [among/of] women , as [among/of] men , is on the decrease .

Early studies suggested that relative mortality risks among female smokers were less than those of male smokers but it is now clear that these studies were comparing the death rates of a generation of male smokers with a generation of women amongst whom smoking was a much more recent phenomenon .
early studies suggested that relative mortality risks among female smokers were less than those of male smokers but it is now clear that these studies were comparing the death rates of a generation of male smokers with a generation of women [among/of] whom smoking was a much more recent phenomenon .

This is hardly surprising amongst members of a profession who earn a good deal of their living by talking .
this is hardly surprising [among/of] members of a profession who earn a good deal of their living by talking .

But alcoholism is a lesser occupational hazard amongst academics than it is amongst , say , media people , advertising agents or lawyers .
but alcoholism is a lesser occupational hazard [among/of] academics than it is [among/of] , say , media people , advertising agents or lawyers .

Finally , amongst the physical prerequisites for effective study , you need a place to study that is warm without being soporific , well-ventilated without being windswept , fresh without being frozen .
finally , [among/of] the physical prerequisites for effective study , you need a place to study that is warm without being soporific , well-ventilated without being windswept , fresh without being frozen .

Effortless superiority is a rare phenomenon amongst students who are , after all , only human like you and me .
effortless superiority is a rare phenomenon [among/of] students who are , after all , only human like you and me .

The ( tutorial ) system therefore counters perhaps the greatest enemy of intellectual progress amongst undergraduates : the passive collection of unanalysed material .
the ( tutorial ) system therefore counters perhaps the greatest enemy of intellectual progress [among/of] undergraduates : the passive collection of unanalysed material .

Critical and creative thinking are now fashionable on American campuses and amongst intellectuals generally — perhaps because many thinking Americans believe the " Great Society " has failed to solve sufficient of its most urgently-critical domestic problems — like drugs , violence , corruption , homelessness and the budget deficit — quite apart from its most pressing international problems — like relations with the Soviet Union , the mid-East and Latin-American crises , and so on .
critical and creative thinking are now fashionable on american campuses and [among/of] intellectuals generally — perhaps because many thinking americans believe the " great society " has failed to solve sufficient of its most urgently-critical domestic problems — like drugs , violence , corruption , homelessness and the budget deficit — quite apart from its most pressing international problems — like relations with the soviet union , the mid-east and latin-american crises , and so on .

Your first tasks are amongst the hardest : to clear your head and to get down to really thinking through the essence of your project :
your first tasks are [among/of] the hardest : to clear your head and to get down to really thinking through the essence of your project :

Consequently , there will always be some debate amongst carpet scholars as to the number and location of masterworkshops at any given time .
consequently , there will always be some debate [among/of] carpet scholars as to the number and location of masterworkshops at any given time .

Shareholders , banks and so on do not necessarily tightly constrain managers essentially because they lack enough information to do so , and this is either a result of some problem in the market for information ( e. g. the public good problem amongst shareholders ) or because the information is inherently difficult to obtain .
shareholders , banks and so on do not necessarily tightly constrain managers essentially because they lack enough information to do so , and this is either a result of some problem in the market for information ( e. g. the public good problem [among/of] shareholders ) or because the information is inherently difficult to obtain .

Amongst them there will be people who are more or less risk-averse at any given income .
[among/of] them there will be people who are more or less risk-averse at any given income .

For example , the superfield Applied Science contains the subfields Computing , Energy and Engineering ( amongst others ) , The superfield Commerce contains the subfields Business , Employment and Finance , and so on .
for example , the superfield applied science contains the subfields computing , energy and engineering ( [among/of] others ) , the superfield commerce contains the subfields business , employment and finance , and so on .

Such an approach has been influential even amongst professional historians , so that Lawrence Stone , for example , hints at such a cyclical explanation in his own work on The Family , Sex and Marriage : ‘ In terms of both sexual attitudes and power relationships , one can dimly begin to discern huge , mysterious , secular swings from repression to permissiveness and back again .
such an approach has been influential even [among/of] professional historians , so that lawrence stone , for example , hints at such a cyclical explanation in his own work on the family , sex and marriage : ‘ in terms of both sexual attitudes and power relationships , one can dimly begin to discern huge , mysterious , secular swings from repression to permissiveness and back again .

His conclusions often overlap with those produced by other theoretical approaches , including , amongst others , the interactionist and labelling theories .
his conclusions often overlap with those produced by other theoretical approaches , including , [among/of] others , the interactionist and labelling theories .

By the nineteenth century there was a wide acceptance , at least amongst the upper classes , of the single marriage code though its origins in fact were comparatively recent .
by the nineteenth century there was a wide acceptance , at least [among/of] the upper classes , of the single marriage code though its origins in fact were comparatively recent .

Earlier traditions survived in rural areas and amongst the unorganised and disrupted working class , but marriage became increasingly the gateway to respectability and stability .
earlier traditions survived in rural areas and [among/of] the unorganised and disrupted working class , but marriage became increasingly the gateway to respectability and stability .

It is likely then that marriages , at least amongst the propertied , in fact lasted longer during the Victorian period than ever before or since .
it is likely then that marriages , at least [among/of] the propertied , in fact lasted longer during the victorian period than ever before or since .

Another historian , Randolph Trumbach , has further argued that even by the late seventeenth century there was a growing stress amongst aristocratic families on romantic love in the establishment of marriage alliances , though this tended to favour sons rather than daughters , still valuable as makers of alliances between families .
another historian , randolph trumbach , has further argued that even by the late seventeenth century there was a growing stress [among/of] aristocratic families on romantic love in the establishment of marriage alliances , though this tended to favour sons rather than daughters , still valuable as makers of alliances between families .

It seems that by the end of the eighteenth century sexual love was enshrined as a central element in the making of families and this was integrated into the bourgeois familial ideology of the nineteenth century , though whether this new ideology originated in the aristocracy or amongst the aspiring bourgeoisie is still a point of major historical debate .
it seems that by the end of the eighteenth century sexual love was enshrined as a central element in the making of families and this was integrated into the bourgeois familial ideology of the nineteenth century , though whether this new ideology originated in the aristocracy or [among/of] the aspiring bourgeoisie is still a point of major historical debate .

Amongst the campaigners for birth control in the early part of the century there was a much more ready acceptance of traditional and commonsense views of female sexuality .
[among/of] the campaigners for birth control in the early part of the century there was a much more ready acceptance of traditional and commonsense views of female sexuality .

There was a deep belief , even amongst many women , that biology had incapacitated them , and this was sustained by expert opinion .
there was a deep belief , even [among/of] many women , that biology had incapacitated them , and this was sustained by expert opinion .

There was of course , still a widespread ignorance , even amongst scientists and doctors , about the processes of human reproduction .
there was of course , still a widespread ignorance , even [among/of] scientists and doctors , about the processes of human reproduction .

In fact , the belief that menstruation incapacitated women seems to have increased amongst some ‘ experts ’ , though they were constantly challenged .
in fact , the belief that menstruation incapacitated women seems to have increased [among/of] some ‘ experts ’ , though they were constantly challenged .

Peter Gaskell wrote : ‘ The chastity of marriage is but little known or exercised amongst them : husband and wife sin equally , and an habitual indifference to sexual vice is generated which adds one other item to the destruction of domestic habits .
peter gaskell wrote : ‘ the chastity of marriage is but little known or exercised [among/of] them : husband and wife sin equally , and an habitual indifference to sexual vice is generated which adds one other item to the destruction of domestic habits .

It is important to grasp two complementary elements : first of all the persistence into industrial society of old habits of thought about sex amongst the working class , and their gradual , not immediate , transformation throughout the nineteenth century in the context of working-class experience .
it is important to grasp two complementary elements : first of all the persistence into industrial society of old habits of thought about sex [among/of] the working class , and their gradual , not immediate , transformation throughout the nineteenth century in the context of working-class experience .

Accompanying the maintenance of old standards , even though social conditions were changing , often dramatically , was the survival amongst many sections of the working class ( especially the rural ) of the tradition that sexual relationships could begin at betrothal to a steady boyfriend and the corollary was that a pregnant woman would be married by the father , though as we shall see , social transformations were to weaken this .
accompanying the maintenance of old standards , even though social conditions were changing , often dramatically , was the survival [among/of] many sections of the working class ( especially the rural ) of the tradition that sexual relationships could begin at betrothal to a steady boyfriend and the corollary was that a pregnant woman would be married by the father , though as we shall see , social transformations were to weaken this .

It appears primarily amongst women who were born and remained in a rural area , and she detects a striking rise in rural illegitimacy .
it appears primarily [among/of] women who were born and remained in a rural area , and she detects a striking rise in rural illegitimacy .

Amongst transient communities of working men , with no obvious home situation , irreligion and blasphemy and a casual attitude to life were usual , and in such circumstances what was termed sexual ‘ promiscuity ’ was rife , as for example amongst sailors , railway navvies , residents of common lodging houses and the like .
[among/of] transient communities of working men , with no obvious home situation , irreligion and blasphemy and a casual attitude to life were usual , and in such circumstances what was termed sexual ‘ promiscuity ’ was rife , as for example [among/of] sailors , railway navvies , residents of common lodging houses and the like .

Anderson , for instance , suggests that the strong family cohesion amongst some groups in rural areas was maintained by migrants into Lancashire cotton plants like Preston though largely for fairly calculative reasons rather than out of emotional loyalty to kin .
anderson , for instance , suggests that the strong family cohesion [among/of] some groups in rural areas was maintained by migrants into lancashire cotton plants like preston though largely for fairly calculative reasons rather than out of emotional loyalty to kin .

Amongst certain workers the average number of children born to a family fell by nearly 35 per cent between 1900 and 1911 .
[among/of] certain workers the average number of children born to a family fell by nearly 35 per cent between 1900 and 1911 .

The Maternity letters illustrate the ignorance even of the facts of life amongst many women .
the maternity letters illustrate the ignorance even of the facts of life [among/of] many women .

Despite such efforts , it is likely that abortion played a major part in the regulation of family size amongst the working class , especially in factory districts , where knowledge of abortifacient techniques was widespread .
despite such efforts , it is likely that abortion played a major part in the regulation of family size [among/of] the working class , especially in factory districts , where knowledge of abortifacient techniques was widespread .

And in view of the later age of marriage and often long engagements of the Edwardian years , it seems likely that by the end of the nineteenth century there was a new degree of sexual restraint amongst many young adults of the working class .
and in view of the later age of marriage and often long engagements of the edwardian years , it seems likely that by the end of the nineteenth century there was a new degree of sexual restraint [among/of] many young adults of the working class .

Nevertheless , in the last decades of the nineteenth century we can observe a greater decorum amongst the working class as a whole , and the articulation of clear respectable standards amongst important strata of it .
nevertheless , in the last decades of the nineteenth century we can observe a greater decorum [among/of] the working class as a whole , and the articulation of clear respectable standards [among/of] important strata of it .

So as the struggle against the double standard developed , particularly amongst social-purity crusaders from the 1860s onwards , one of the prime targets in trying to establish a single standard of morality ( the morality essentially of the chaste woman ) was the drive against public manifestations of vice .
so as the struggle against the double standard developed , particularly [among/of] social-purity crusaders from the 1860s onwards , one of the prime targets in trying to establish a single standard of morality ( the morality essentially of the chaste woman ) was the drive against public manifestations of vice .

On the one hand , the Acts generated an extensive public resistance amongst the women in their community .
on the one hand , the acts generated an extensive public resistance [among/of] the women in their community .

The impact of these discoveries was considerable because they reinforced other fears amongst individuals whose concern with social issues had not previously been notable .
the impact of these discoveries was considerable because they reinforced other fears [among/of] individuals whose concern with social issues had not previously been notable .

Set amongst towering palms , this is a delightful complex of 25 thatched bungalows , simply furnished , but clean and spacious , and just a few steps from the beach .
set [among/of] towering palms , this is a delightful complex of 25 thatched bungalows , simply furnished , but clean and spacious , and just a few steps from the beach .

From its coastline of powdery soft , sandy beaches — Flic-en-Flac and Belle Mare are amongst the most beautiful — lagoons and inlets , bamboo and banana forests , the land rises to form a broad plateau with row upon row of flourishing sugar cane and volcanic peaks which tower above deep craters .
from its coastline of powdery soft , sandy beaches — flic-en-flac and belle mare are [among/of] the most beautiful — lagoons and inlets , bamboo and banana forests , the land rises to form a broad plateau with row upon row of flourishing sugar cane and volcanic peaks which tower above deep craters .

Kenyatta ( 1.4 ) describes childhood amongst the Gikuyu , where the family and community has primacy over the learning experiences which will equip children with the skills and qualities valued in this pre-industrial society .
kenyatta ( 1.4 ) describes childhood [among/of] the gikuyu , where the family and community has primacy over the learning experiences which will equip children with the skills and qualities valued in this pre-industrial society .

After passing the stage of infancy the education of the child takes a different shape , the child is taught how to sit and walk properly to avoid having bow legs , for a straight figure is admired by Gikuyu , especially amongst the warriors it is one of the qualities of handsomeness .
after passing the stage of infancy the education of the child takes a different shape , the child is taught how to sit and walk properly to avoid having bow legs , for a straight figure is admired by gikuyu , especially [among/of] the warriors it is one of the qualities of handsomeness .

Today , the result of their endeavours can be found throughout the modern world — in industry , religion and amongst the great literary works of our time .
today , the result of their endeavours can be found throughout the modern world — in industry , religion and [among/of] the great literary works of our time .

So too , the world 's greatest legendary hero , Robin Hood , once lived amongst the green glades of Sherwood Forest in Nottinghamshire .
so too , the world 's greatest legendary hero , robin hood , once lived [among/of] the green glades of sherwood forest in nottinghamshire .

Potatoes were enjoying an unprecedented popularity amongst all classes of society ; in the houses of the aristocracy they were being marinaded in champagne , poached in wine and decorated with truffles .
potatoes were enjoying an unprecedented popularity [among/of] all classes of society ; in the houses of the aristocracy they were being marinaded in champagne , poached in wine and decorated with truffles .

They discovered eight common characteristics amongst these firms .
they discovered eight common characteristics [among/of] these firms .

The clearing bands are amongst the major providers of mortgage finance .
the clearing bands are [among/of] the major providers of mortgage finance .

For purposes of prison administration it is essential that the cases where the prisoner is never released should be exceptional and that there should be maintained amongst those serving life sentences a general hope of release and consequent incentive to good behaviour .
for purposes of prison administration it is essential that the cases where the prisoner is never released should be exceptional and that there should be maintained [among/of] those serving life sentences a general hope of release and consequent incentive to good behaviour .

This was especially noticeable amongst younger Conservatives in the Commons , and amongst the life peers who had begun to join the Upper House in increasing numbers since the Life Peerages Act in 1958 .
this was especially noticeable [among/of] younger conservatives in the commons , and [among/of] the life peers who had begun to join the upper house in increasing numbers since the life peerages act in 1958 .

In the event , Wilson not only joined the policy group , preparing two closely reasoned papers on which the analysis of the social causes of the rising crime rate in the group 's report was based , but agreed that his name should be included amongst the authors of the published version .
in the event , wilson not only joined the policy group , preparing two closely reasoned papers on which the analysis of the social causes of the rising crime rate in the group 's report was based , but agreed that his name should be included [among/of] the authors of the published version .

There was a widely held view amongst sentencers at the time that these powers were too limited ; while the furtherance of types of punishment not necessitating the deprival of liberty had been a perennial cause of penal reformers .
there was a widely held view [among/of] sentencers at the time that these powers were too limited ; while the furtherance of types of punishment not necessitating the deprival of liberty had been a perennial cause of penal reformers .

Notwithstanding the reservations expressed by Whitelaw amongst others , especially about the impact on younger people , it was hard to find a better comprehensive phrase than ‘ law and order ’ .
notwithstanding the reservations expressed by whitelaw [among/of] others , especially about the impact on younger people , it was hard to find a better comprehensive phrase than ‘ law and order ’ .

At this point the alarm bells started ringing in the ears of the Middle Management along the coast , and mutiny was definitely on the cards amongst all grades of staff , not just the footplate men .
at this point the alarm bells started ringing in the ears of the middle management along the coast , and mutiny was definitely on the cards [among/of] all grades of staff , not just the footplate men .

That said it was going very strongly at the time and there was much speculation amongst linesiders as to how No 7819 Hinton Manor would tackle the 1 in 52 climb to Talerddig summit .
that said it was going very strongly at the time and there was much speculation [among/of] linesiders as to how no 7819 hinton manor would tackle the 1 in 52 climb to talerddig summit .

It is impossible for us to appreciate the impact of this dramatic change amongst people who for more than 40 years had been rigorously controlled by a centrally planned economy , implemented by a national and local bureaucracy .
it is impossible for us to appreciate the impact of this dramatic change [among/of] people who for more than 40 years had been rigorously controlled by a centrally planned economy , implemented by a national and local bureaucracy .

To support these conjectures they cite cross-cultural research into cognitive difference , in particular Patricia Greenfield 's study of the differences between schooled and unschooled children amongst the Wolof of Senegal ( 1972 ) .
to support these conjectures they cite cross-cultural research into cognitive difference , in particular patricia greenfield 's study of the differences between schooled and unschooled children [among/of] the wolof of senegal ( 1972 ) .

Much of Greenfield 's paper derives from the theoretical foundations laid by Bernstein and she is surprised how closely the ‘ verbal deprivation ’ he identifies in working-class English youths corresponds to that which she found amongst the Wolof .
much of greenfield 's paper derives from the theoretical foundations laid by bernstein and she is surprised how closely the ‘ verbal deprivation ’ he identifies in working-class english youths corresponds to that which she found [among/of] the wolof .

Analysis has been brought forward to show that what was taken as proof of a lack of logical processes amongst ‘ primitive ’ peoples was often simply misunderstanding by ill-informed European commentators of the meaning of what was being said and done .
analysis has been brought forward to show that what was taken as proof of a lack of logical processes [among/of] ‘ primitive ’ peoples was often simply misunderstanding by ill-informed european commentators of the meaning of what was being said and done .

Lévi-Strauss has shown , further , that the classification of the natural world amongst South American Indian tribes is as complex and as interesting as those of the academic biologist , at an intellectual as well as a utilitarian level ( 1966 ) .
lévi-strauss has shown , further , that the classification of the natural world [among/of] south american indian tribes is as complex and as interesting as those of the academic biologist , at an intellectual as well as a utilitarian level ( 1966 ) .

Moreover , it is only one convention amongst many .
moreover , it is only one convention [among/of] many .

Lévi-Strauss , amongst others , has provided ethnographic validation for Pulgrum 's position .
lévi-strauss , [among/of] others , has provided ethnographic validation for pulgrum 's position .

Amongst the Fang of the Gabon , for instance , pregnant women are forbidden to eat squirrels due to quite other considerations :
[among/of] the fang of the gabon , for instance , pregnant women are forbidden to eat squirrels due to quite other considerations :

If we have no evidence or proof of a ‘ real ’ distinction of myth from history , as opposed to an ideological claim or commitment to it , either in society as a whole , or amongst the community of scholars or even , it now appears , in the exalted ranks of classical Greek historians and political theorists , then to ask whether literacy , however defined , is a cause of such a distinction becomes fruitless .
if we have no evidence or proof of a ‘ real ’ distinction of myth from history , as opposed to an ideological claim or commitment to it , either in society as a whole , or [among/of] the community of scholars or even , it now appears , in the exalted ranks of classical greek historians and political theorists , then to ask whether literacy , however defined , is a cause of such a distinction becomes fruitless .

This perspective is now being made more explicit amongst linguists .
this perspective is now being made more explicit [among/of] linguists .

Similarly , the use of ‘ we ’ to express solidarity and ‘ institutional voice ’ may invoke power and status through , amongst other things , lending oneself the strength of numbers .
similarly , the use of ‘ we ’ to express solidarity and ‘ institutional voice ’ may invoke power and status through , [among/of] other things , lending oneself the strength of numbers .

Committee meetings , for instance , are conventionally recorded in writing not on tape ; certain forms of legal contract must be written down to have the ‘ force of law ’ ( a practice whose specific historical and ideological origins have been well described by Clanchy amongst others ) .
committee meetings , for instance , are conventionally recorded in writing not on tape ; certain forms of legal contract must be written down to have the ‘ force of law ’ ( a practice whose specific historical and ideological origins have been well described by clanchy [among/of] others ) .

The differences in these forms of writing , and the different skills required of writer and reader in relation to them , are more appropriately understood as different social practices related to , amongst other things , different functions they are attempting to fulfil .
the differences in these forms of writing , and the different skills required of writer and reader in relation to them , are more appropriately understood as different social practices related to , [among/of] other things , different functions they are attempting to fulfil .

Industrial organizations are amongst the most fragile in the world .
industrial organizations are [among/of] the most fragile in the world .

Working within this international world it is , of course , a great help if one speaks several languages , but my own experience has been that it is not the ability to speak another language , rare enough this essential tool of international business is amongst British people , but the experience of having lived and worked with people in another country which is the decisive factor .
working within this international world it is , of course , a great help if one speaks several languages , but my own experience has been that it is not the ability to speak another language , rare enough this essential tool of international business is [among/of] british people , but the experience of having lived and worked with people in another country which is the decisive factor .

An interesting fact of large industrial organizations is that there is always a nearly unanimous clarity amongst those involved at the lower levels on who it is who is actually keeping the thing going , because in every organization somebody is .
an interesting fact of large industrial organizations is that there is always a nearly unanimous clarity [among/of] those involved at the lower levels on who it is who is actually keeping the thing going , because in every organization somebody is .

In addition , despite the various differences amongst liberal theories , there is one theme of particular importance for our project on which many liberal theories seem agreed .
in addition , despite the various differences [among/of] liberal theories , there is one theme of particular importance for our project on which many liberal theories seem agreed .

The specialization of functions has a dispersive effect and a primary function of government becomes that of securing co-ordination amongst the parts .
the specialization of functions has a dispersive effect and a primary function of government becomes that of securing co-ordination [among/of] the parts .

Further , if we include Maine amongst the evolutionists then it is also a tradition which was antagonistic to an Austinian , positivistic conception of law .
further , if we include maine [among/of] the evolutionists then it is also a tradition which was antagonistic to an austinian , positivistic conception of law .

Authority in the state is inherently federal since the state is simply one association amongst many .
authority in the state is inherently federal since the state is simply one association [among/of] many .

It was , after all , established by a Labour government , it included Laski amongst its membership and , being appointed two days before Hewart 's book was published , could be viewed as a means of deflecting the pressures from the normativist legal lobby .
it was , after all , established by a labour government , it included laski [among/of] its membership and , being appointed two days before hewart 's book was published , could be viewed as a means of deflecting the pressures from the normativist legal lobby .

The weekend break has now become a regular feature amongst the many special offers by hotels .
the weekend break has now become a regular feature [among/of] the many special offers by hotels .

He had a few enemies amongst the more militant dockers but he had many loyal friends too , and many had told Carrie that they would follow him without question .
he had a few enemies [among/of] the more militant dockers but he had many loyal friends too , and many had told carrie that they would follow him without question .

The above rather uncharitable analysis probably takes insufficient account of the deep affection that Ford evidently inspired amongst hard-headed and intelligent congressional colleagues .
the above rather uncharitable analysis probably takes insufficient account of the deep affection that ford evidently inspired [among/of] hard-headed and intelligent congressional colleagues .

Stockman portrays himself as being almost alone amongst the Reaganites in having ‘ an actual passion for a supply-side tax cut .
stockman portrays himself as being almost alone [among/of] the reaganites in having ‘ an actual passion for a supply-side tax cut .

For example , suppose you are clear that you are trying : — to introduce teachers of English in secondary schools to the microcomputer and show them its potential as an aid to their teaching objectives , and — to produce a teaching unit that will generate a great deal of hypothesising and discussion amongst the children .
for example , suppose you are clear that you are trying : — to introduce teachers of english in secondary schools to the microcomputer and show them its potential as an aid to their teaching objectives , and — to produce a teaching unit that will generate a great deal of hypothesising and discussion [among/of] the children .

Amongst these was a retired headmaster who had his £70,000 life-savings in McDonald Wheeler and who you 'd think would have known better .
[among/of] these was a retired headmaster who had his £70,000 life-savings in mcdonald wheeler and who you 'd think would have known better .

Dissatisfaction amongst the Blue Buttons reared its ugly head .
dissatisfaction [among/of] the blue buttons reared its ugly head .

There developed a scrabble amongst dealers to avoid going to the bottom of the heap .
there developed a scrabble [among/of] dealers to avoid going to the bottom of the heap .

Slothfulness has always been rife amongst trainees , many of whom it has to be said would feel qualms about putting clients into shares they hear through the grapevine are dubious .
slothfulness has always been rife [among/of] trainees , many of whom it has to be said would feel qualms about putting clients into shares they hear through the grapevine are dubious .

With time-wasters amongst his trainees , he was somewhat sharper .
with time-wasters [among/of] his trainees , he was somewhat sharper .

Profits were divided amongst those who had helped out , and payment turned out to be at a substantially smaller rate .
profits were divided [among/of] those who had helped out , and payment turned out to be at a substantially smaller rate .

This is why the dropout rate amongst would-be dealers is so phenomenal .
this is why the dropout rate [among/of] would-be dealers is so phenomenal .

Amongst firms wound up early on , Prior Harwin was alleged to have mixed clients ' money with its own , to have been mismanaged , and to have had insufficient indemnity insurance .
[among/of] firms wound up early on , prior harwin was alleged to have mixed clients ' money with its own , to have been mismanaged , and to have had insufficient indemnity insurance .

Grey white chewing gum matter presents itself spasmodically at her mean Glasgow lips , alternating with her cigarette which is sucked when it is not rolling druggedly about on top of her ticket-issuing machine or charging up and down , and off , the long seat , dropping its fire and ash amongst the plastic cups and other less white rubbish , further propelled by chewed and muttered whinings about the discordant duet of erratic driving bus man and undone Corporation road holes .
grey white chewing gum matter presents itself spasmodically at her mean glasgow lips , alternating with her cigarette which is sucked when it is not rolling druggedly about on top of her ticket-issuing machine or charging up and down , and off , the long seat , dropping its fire and ash [among/of] the plastic cups and other less white rubbish , further propelled by chewed and muttered whinings about the discordant duet of erratic driving bus man and undone corporation road holes .

Learning a language , as Halliday ( 1984 ) and Hymes ( 1971 ) amongst others have pointed out , involves more than acquiring a grammatical system that will generate well-formed sentences .
learning a language , as halliday ( 1984 ) and hymes ( 1971 ) [among/of] others have pointed out , involves more than acquiring a grammatical system that will generate well-formed sentences .

Opportunities for oral reading arise naturally in the course of the day ; for instance , in the activity of group prediction amongst a small group , each with a copy of the same book .
opportunities for oral reading arise naturally in the course of the day ; for instance , in the activity of group prediction [among/of] a small group , each with a copy of the same book .

Its greatest asset lies perhaps in the motivation it can engender amongst children .
its greatest asset lies perhaps in the motivation it can engender [among/of] children .

Furious discussion amongst the children .
furious discussion [among/of] the children .

Patrick Lundy had made many friends amongst London 's large Irish community , his parentage , and especially the fact that his father had fought and died in the General Post Office , making him welcome .
patrick lundy had made many friends [among/of] london 's large irish community , his parentage , and especially the fact that his father had fought and died in the general post office , making him welcome .

And chief amongst these was Joseph Hyde , an ardent Nationalist who had actually known his father and mother in Dublin , but who now worked in Webbs , one of the bookshops on the Charing Cross Road .
and chief [among/of] these was joseph hyde , an ardent nationalist who had actually known his father and mother in dublin , but who now worked in webbs , one of the bookshops on the charing cross road .

Amongst its advantages were a series of paid watchers who warned of approaching police , as well as numerous exits out into the warren of houses and warehouses that backed onto the Thames .
[among/of] its advantages were a series of paid watchers who warned of approaching police , as well as numerous exits out into the warren of houses and warehouses that backed onto the thames .

Dermot was then a respected reporter , with a growing reputation amongst the poor of Dublin .
dermot was then a respected reporter , with a growing reputation [among/of] the poor of dublin .

The reputation of number eighty-two was widespread , and prior to the outbreak of the Great War , it ranked as highly as any of the European brothels , and was reputed to number amongst its clients the very highest in the land .
the reputation of number eighty-two was widespread , and prior to the outbreak of the great war , it ranked as highly as any of the european brothels , and was reputed to number [among/of] its clients the very highest in the land .

In number theory too there ws interest in representing whole numbers by , amongst other things , binary quadratic forms and in quantities such as which remain unchanged when in are replaced by where α , β , γ , δ are integers and αδ -βγ = 1 .
in number theory too there ws interest in representing whole numbers by , [among/of] other things , binary quadratic forms and in quantities such as which remain unchanged when in are replaced by where α , β , γ , δ are integers and αδ -βγ = 1 .

Amongst the major achievements of the century in group theory one must mention the modular representation theory of groups by matrices over finite fields as pioneered by Richard Brauer and the subsequent use of this theory in investigations into finite simple groups ( Section 6.6 ) .
[among/of] the major achievements of the century in group theory one must mention the modular representation theory of groups by matrices over finite fields as pioneered by richard brauer and the subsequent use of this theory in investigations into finite simple groups ( section 6.6 ) .

Similarly , when we examine opinions on specific issues , it frequently turns out that no one position or policy commands majority support : opinion is divided amongst a range of options — although opinion polls , with their predilection for yes/no answers to over-simple questions , often conceal this .
similarly , when we examine opinions on specific issues , it frequently turns out that no one position or policy commands majority support : opinion is divided [among/of] a range of options — although opinion polls , with their predilection for yes/no answers to over-simple questions , often conceal this .

They are regarded as the elite amongst the prostitutes .
they are regarded as the elite [among/of] the prostitutes .

The following results were obtained for 2,515 pupils in mixed schools : There were more boys in this sample ( 55 per cent ) than girls ( 45 per cent ) ; this imbalance was not present amongst low scoring pupils , half of the low scorers being boys and half girls .
the following results were obtained for 2,515 pupils in mixed schools : there were more boys in this sample ( 55 per cent ) than girls ( 45 per cent ) ; this imbalance was not present [among/of] low scoring pupils , half of the low scorers being boys and half girls .

Only amongst the top band did a substantial number of pupils perform the incorrect version 8 ÷ 3 rather than 3 ÷ 8 .
only [among/of] the top band did a substantial number of pupils perform the incorrect version 8 ÷ 3 rather than 3 ÷ 8 .

My cousins live amongst a community of some fifty Theosophists .
my cousins live [among/of] a community of some fifty theosophists .

Similar careful thought was given to all items made available for schools , amongst which was an economical `` limited `` palette of colours , personally recommended by Basil : a palette , in fact , fit for use by Van Gogh himself .
similar careful thought was given to all items made available for schools , [among/of] which was an economical `` limited `` palette of colours , personally recommended by basil : a palette , in fact , fit for use by van gogh himself .

Whether the periodic day courses or the longer , residential courses , both seemed to generate a genuine fraternal feeling amongst Art teachers from a large geographical area .
whether the periodic day courses or the longer , residential courses , both seemed to generate a genuine fraternal feeling [among/of] art teachers from a large geographical area .

This being so , Basil 's work amongst teachers extended well beyond the technical and creative considerations of teaching Art : to influencing and deepening the quality of personal relationships amongst those around him , especially through the warm human atmosphere he was able to imbue into his own , uniquely directed , residential courses .
this being so , basil 's work [among/of] teachers extended well beyond the technical and creative considerations of teaching art : to influencing and deepening the quality of personal relationships [among/of] those around him , especially through the warm human atmosphere he was able to imbue into his own , uniquely directed , residential courses .

( c ) The establishment of Departmental Select Committees has increased the flow of independent information to M.P.s and increased specialist knowledge amongst back-benchers enabling them to scrutinise legislation more effectively .
( c ) the establishment of departmental select committees has increased the flow of independent information to m.p.s and increased specialist knowledge [among/of] back-benchers enabling them to scrutinise legislation more effectively .

Amongst the deities who had great general appeal were Hapy , god of the Nile , a fertile figure with a papyrus plant on his head ; Taurt , a hippopotamus goddess , connected with the domestic life as the protector of women in childbirth ; and Bes , an ugly dwarf often wearing a lion 's mane and tail carrying knives , who was guardian and genius against any evil and helped to ward off danger at the birth of a child .
[among/of] the deities who had great general appeal were hapy , god of the nile , a fertile figure with a papyrus plant on his head ; taurt , a hippopotamus goddess , connected with the domestic life as the protector of women in childbirth ; and bes , an ugly dwarf often wearing a lion 's mane and tail carrying knives , who was guardian and genius against any evil and helped to ward off danger at the birth of a child .

His greatest reward was the gift of a mortuary temple , the only one granted to a non-royal person , which was built near to that of the king and which raised the deceased Amenhotep to divine status , placing him amongst the cults of kings .
his greatest reward was the gift of a mortuary temple , the only one granted to a non-royal person , which was built near to that of the king and which raised the deceased amenhotep to divine status , placing him [among/of] the cults of kings .

Ptah embodied within himself eight other Ptah 's , who had the names of other gods , amongst which Atum was his thought , Horus his heart and Thoth his tongue .
ptah embodied within himself eight other ptah 's , who had the names of other gods , [among/of] which atum was his thought , horus his heart and thoth his tongue .

In my experience , clients will not give up their contacts amongst the trade media and they feel at their most confident when talking to someone from a publication in their own trade or profession .
in my experience , clients will not give up their contacts [among/of] the trade media and they feel at their most confident when talking to someone from a publication in their own trade or profession .

Just a compassionate girl working amongst dirt and poverty . ``
just a compassionate girl working [among/of] dirt and poverty . ``

There was a whisper amongst the servants that she had fled from Andrew in terror on the night of her return .
there was a whisper [among/of] the servants that she had fled from andrew in terror on the night of her return .

Not least amongst these reports are those of Brake ( 1980 ) , Rudduck and Hopkins ( 1984 ) , Hounsell and Martin ( 1983 ) and Tabberer and Allman ( 1983 ) , all of which argue the need to promote the acquisition of a broad range of information-handling skills in line with both the growth of information technology and the increasing emphasis on self-directed learning .
not least [among/of] these reports are those of brake ( 1980 ) , rudduck and hopkins ( 1984 ) , hounsell and martin ( 1983 ) and tabberer and allman ( 1983 ) , all of which argue the need to promote the acquisition of a broad range of information-handling skills in line with both the growth of information technology and the increasing emphasis on self-directed learning .

Where a limited amount of money is available for allocation amongst competing demands , attention is bound to be focused on the procedures by which recipients are selected and others excluded .
where a limited amount of money is available for allocation [among/of] competing demands , attention is bound to be focused on the procedures by which recipients are selected and others excluded .

We know , for instance , that the deputy head continued to employ `` normative-re-educative `` strategies ( Lawrence and Lorsch , 1969 ) as well as more pragmatic means of pecking away at what he considered to be reactionary views amongst some staff .
we know , for instance , that the deputy head continued to employ `` normative-re-educative `` strategies ( lawrence and lorsch , 1969 ) as well as more pragmatic means of pecking away at what he considered to be reactionary views [among/of] some staff .

As in many of the schools studied , staff in both these schools were satisfied that greater teacher awareness of the library and appreciation of the work of other departments were amongst the outcomes .
as in many of the schools studied , staff in both these schools were satisfied that greater teacher awareness of the library and appreciation of the work of other departments were [among/of] the outcomes .

However , it was the evaluators ' impression that the dispute coincided with a certain demoralisation amongst panel members which had more to do with the disorganisation and instability of the panel itself .
however , it was the evaluators ' impression that the dispute coincided with a certain demoralisation [among/of] panel members which had more to do with the disorganisation and instability of the panel itself .

These include a raising of awareness amongst staff of the potential of the library as a resource and of more progressive pedagogies generally , an increasing understanding of the aims and practices of other departments , and an exploration of the potential for whole-school curriculum planning .
these include a raising of awareness [among/of] staff of the potential of the library as a resource and of more progressive pedagogies generally , an increasing understanding of the aims and practices of other departments , and an exploration of the potential for whole-school curriculum planning .

In several schools , plans for rationalising the location and use of library and learning resources space were amongst the outcomes of committee deliberations .
in several schools , plans for rationalising the location and use of library and learning resources space were [among/of] the outcomes of committee deliberations .

Amongst the things which were developed , refined and altered were the guidelines to be followed , the criteria for selection , the precision required ( in respect of spending plans etc . )
[among/of] the things which were developed , refined and altered were the guidelines to be followed , the criteria for selection , the precision required ( in respect of spending plans etc . )

Not least amongst these would be the inevitable Hawthorne effect on the teaching methods employed and , perhaps , the unacceptable intrusion upon the child 's educational experience .
not least [among/of] these would be the inevitable hawthorne effect on the teaching methods employed and , perhaps , the unacceptable intrusion upon the child 's educational experience .

Despite its limitations , the project has done something to open up the question of study skills , develop inservice structures and practices , create a core of schools where good practice has been established and from which it might be disseminated , and has clearly improved secondary school library provision through ( amongst other things ) the quality of book selection .
despite its limitations , the project has done something to open up the question of study skills , develop inservice structures and practices , create a core of schools where good practice has been established and from which it might be disseminated , and has clearly improved secondary school library provision through ( [among/of] other things ) the quality of book selection .

There is , however , considerable concern amongst employers about basic skills including literacy and numeracy .
there is , however , considerable concern [among/of] employers about basic skills including literacy and numeracy .

There is considerable interest amongst employers in the Compact initiative .
there is considerable interest [among/of] employers in the compact initiative .

In this way too Compacts can be seen as a mechanism for creating a more collaborative approach amongst all the different agencies responsible for providing education , training and employment .
in this way too compacts can be seen as a mechanism for creating a more collaborative approach [among/of] all the different agencies responsible for providing education , training and employment .

In addition to composition , Messiaen took a great interest in the younger generation of composers , teaching composition and analysis to Boulez and Jean-Louis Martinet amongst others .
in addition to composition , messiaen took a great interest in the younger generation of composers , teaching composition and analysis to boulez and jean-louis martinet [among/of] others .

‘ Some of them have caused controversy amongst my colleagues , because they 're just not accustomed to hearing something new .
‘ some of them have caused controversy [among/of] my colleagues , because they 're just not accustomed to hearing something new .

Amongst the colours and scents and sunshine , and under the healing influence of the selfless Lottie , they all achieve unlooked-for happiness , as does Lottie herself .
[among/of] the colours and scents and sunshine , and under the healing influence of the selfless lottie , they all achieve unlooked-for happiness , as does lottie herself .

Mark Brown again appears as producer amongst the credits on an new Hyperion disc of sacred music by Stravinsky performed by the Westminster Cathedral Choir , the London Sinfonia and soloists directed by James O'Donnell .
mark brown again appears as producer [among/of] the credits on an new hyperion disc of sacred music by stravinsky performed by the westminster cathedral choir , the london sinfonia and soloists directed by james o'donnell .

Singleton sees the break up of the family , with single women raising their children , as a source of much of the disintegration of values amongst young men .
singleton sees the break up of the family , with single women raising their children , as a source of much of the disintegration of values [among/of] young men .

Clearly , less is more , for it was this novel , ‘ Amongst Women ’ , which last year led to McGahern being nominated for a Brooker Prize .
clearly , less is more , for it was this novel , ‘ [among/of] women ’ , which last year led to mcgahern being nominated for a brooker prize .

The book is also universally regarded as McGahern 's masterpiece , a view probably best expressed by playwright Tom Kilroy who described ‘ Amongst Women ’ as ‘ one of the most significant achievements in Irish fiction ’ and suggested that McGahern ‘ is obviously writing at the fullness of his power .
the book is also universally regarded as mcgahern 's masterpiece , a view probably best expressed by playwright tom kilroy who described ‘ [among/of] women ’ as ‘ one of the most significant achievements in irish fiction ’ and suggested that mcgahern ‘ is obviously writing at the fullness of his power .

In ‘ Amongst Women ’ the women finally win through , break the father despite his best efforts to bully them and break their spirits .
in ‘ [among/of] women ’ the women finally win through , break the father despite his best efforts to bully them and break their spirits .

It has been suggested that the use of a tricolour on the cover of ‘ Amongst Women ’ was particularly inappropriate .
it has been suggested that the use of a tricolour on the cover of ‘ [among/of] women ’ was particularly inappropriate .

This eclectic mixture soon wins him a following amongst the rest of the neighbourhood 's equally disturbed teenagers but when one of them takes his exhortations to action a little too far and kills himself , the authorities move in .
this eclectic mixture soon wins him a following [among/of] the rest of the neighbourhood 's equally disturbed teenagers but when one of them takes his exhortations to action a little too far and kills himself , the authorities move in .

First , Parkin argues , whilst a hierarchy of material reward does indeed usually represent the unequal distribution of ‘ marketable skills ’ in a society , it is illegitimate to extrapolate from this , as the functionalists do , and assume it also represents the distribution of these skills , as an innate quality amongst society 's members .
first , parkin argues , whilst a hierarchy of material reward does indeed usually represent the unequal distribution of ‘ marketable skills ’ in a society , it is illegitimate to extrapolate from this , as the functionalists do , and assume it also represents the distribution of these skills , as an innate quality [among/of] society 's members .

We must also consider the opportunity that some occupations have for deliberately restricting access to the acquisition of the skills needed to do the job , thereby keeping down their distribution amongst the population , and enabling them to claim higher rewards in the market place .
we must also consider the opportunity that some occupations have for deliberately restricting access to the acquisition of the skills needed to do the job , thereby keeping down their distribution [among/of] the population , and enabling them to claim higher rewards in the market place .

The lower 50 per cent of the adult population share amongst them 4 per cent of personal assets .
the lower 50 per cent of the adult population share [among/of] them 4 per cent of personal assets .

We saw in the previous chapter how productive property is inherited and distributed amongst kin , and how the patterns of wealth ownership have changed over time .
we saw in the previous chapter how productive property is inherited and distributed [among/of] kin , and how the patterns of wealth ownership have changed over time .

We got out of the buggy and went through all these marquees where amongst the exhibits were a striking exhibit of African violets from Tony Clement 's African Violet Centre , at King 's Lynn ; a magnificent display of prizewinning delphiniums and begonias from Blackmore & Langdon who always win a ‘ Gold ’ at Chelsea ; an exquisite display of orchids from Thailand ; planted containers shown by Mastergardener of Banbury ; a beautiful display of lilies by Jacques Amand of Stanmore ; and a Herb Nursery of two hundred varieties , exhibited by Caroline Holmes Herbs of Denham , in Suffolk .
we got out of the buggy and went through all these marquees where [among/of] the exhibits were a striking exhibit of african violets from tony clement 's african violet centre , at king 's lynn ; a magnificent display of prizewinning delphiniums and begonias from blackmore & langdon who always win a ‘ gold ’ at chelsea ; an exquisite display of orchids from thailand ; planted containers shown by mastergardener of banbury ; a beautiful display of lilies by jacques amand of stanmore ; and a herb nursery of two hundred varieties , exhibited by caroline holmes herbs of denham , in suffolk .

Amongst dramatic recoveries were two chronically deaf patients who had also been suffering from totally disabling tinnitus .
[among/of] dramatic recoveries were two chronically deaf patients who had also been suffering from totally disabling tinnitus .

The brothers are reputed to be amongst the richest men in France and Lagerfeld , born into money , waxes richer by the year .
the brothers are reputed to be [among/of] the richest men in france and lagerfeld , born into money , waxes richer by the year .

While colours in clothes can glitter and clash without restraint , the secret for make-up is to think of a flash of brilliance amongst the neutrals , not a complete exotic plumage .
while colours in clothes can glitter and clash without restraint , the secret for make-up is to think of a flash of brilliance [among/of] the neutrals , not a complete exotic plumage .

Furthermore , a three-phase study of over a thousand school leavers in the Lothian region of Scotland found that , in marked contrast to alcohol and tobacco use , ‘ levels of illicit drug use were much higher amongst both males and females who were unemployed than amongst their peers who were working or were full-time students ’ ( Plant et al .
furthermore , a three-phase study of over a thousand school leavers in the lothian region of scotland found that , in marked contrast to alcohol and tobacco use , ‘ levels of illicit drug use were much higher [among/of] both males and females who were unemployed than [among/of] their peers who were working or were full-time students ’ ( plant et al .

The belief amongst the journalists , local state officials and community elders that heroin use is widespread has been confirmed .
the belief [among/of] the journalists , local state officials and community elders that heroin use is widespread has been confirmed .

It is only amongst the third , however , that this can be seen as ‘ causal ’ in any determinate sense .
it is only [among/of] the third , however , that this can be seen as ‘ causal ’ in any determinate sense .

Given the general distrust of authority amongst the user population and the problems encountered in obtaining treatment and successfully coming off in the community , there is obviously a need for a service which is seen by users to be impartial .
given the general distrust of authority [among/of] the user population and the problems encountered in obtaining treatment and successfully coming off in the community , there is obviously a need for a service which is seen by users to be impartial .

Obviously ‘ successful ’ counselling needs a minimum commitment from the user , and amongst those who were ‘ forced ’ to go there was a general consensus that counselling was a waste of time .
obviously ‘ successful ’ counselling needs a minimum commitment from the user , and [among/of] those who were ‘ forced ’ to go there was a general consensus that counselling was a waste of time .

This decision , as will become increasingly clear when we discuss the ‘ hidden sector ’ , makes them a minority group amongst users .
this decision , as will become increasingly clear when we discuss the ‘ hidden sector ’ , makes them a minority group [among/of] users .

We must also take note of the variety of heroin career patterns amongst the 61 respondents .
we must also take note of the variety of heroin career patterns [among/of] the 61 respondents .

Therefore , unemployment and opioid use amongst the young were chosen as the two factors by which to rank Wirral 's 48 townships .
therefore , unemployment and opioid use [among/of] the young were chosen as the two factors by which to rank wirral 's 48 townships .

After ranking , townships were classified as having very low , low , medium , high or very high levels of unemployment and opioid use amongst the young .
after ranking , townships were classified as having very low , low , medium , high or very high levels of unemployment and opioid use [among/of] the young .

The first method is relatively simple and consists of comparing the number of known to unknown users amongst individuals in the snowball sampling frame itself .
the first method is relatively simple and consists of comparing the number of known to unknown users [among/of] individuals in the snowball sampling frame itself .

On the other hand , and directly related to the latter , whereas in the known sector females were three times more likely to have been introduced to heroin by their partner rather than a friend , amongst the snowball females , just as many females were introduced by a friend as by a partner .
on the other hand , and directly related to the latter , whereas in the known sector females were three times more likely to have been introduced to heroin by their partner rather than a friend , [among/of] the snowball females , just as many females were introduced by a friend as by a partner .

Curiosity and partner 's use both fell dramatically from 44 and 50 per cent to 19 and 38 per cent respectively , whilst ‘ peer-group pressure ’ rose from 0 per cent in the known sector females to 24 per cent amongst the snowball sample females .
curiosity and partner 's use both fell dramatically from 44 and 50 per cent to 19 and 38 per cent respectively , whilst ‘ peer-group pressure ’ rose from 0 per cent in the known sector females to 24 per cent [among/of] the snowball sample females .

Compounding this , there is also considerable confusion amongst the heroin-using population as to the actual nature of the ‘ registration ’ and ‘ notification ’ of addicts .
compounding this , there is also considerable confusion [among/of] the heroin-using population as to the actual nature of the ‘ registration ’ and ‘ notification ’ of addicts .

Back in town , the ‘ Alpspitz Wellenbad ’ sports centre offers a choice of six indoor and outdoor pools amongst many other amenities .
back in town , the ‘ alpspitz wellenbad ’ sports centre offers a choice of six indoor and outdoor pools [among/of] many other amenities .

Until the end of the nineteenth century , practice amongst the states of Europe as to service of process has been described as being in un état anarchique .
until the end of the nineteenth century , practice [among/of] the states of europe as to service of process has been described as being in un état anarchique .

The general opinion amongst Central Authorities is that a request should not be rejected on this ground ; and this appears to accord with the views expressed in the House of Lords in the Westinghouse case .
the general opinion [among/of] central authorities is that a request should not be rejected on this ground ; and this appears to accord with the views expressed in the house of lords in the westinghouse case .

With over 100 individual meeting rooms available on campus , we are used to accommodating for as few as 20 or as many as 1,000 delegates . Amongst the facilities available are the following :
with over 100 individual meeting rooms available on campus , we are used to accommodating for as few as 20 or as many as 1,000 delegates . [among/of] the facilities available are the following :

We have indicated that disability is fairly prevalent amongst the older age groups .
we have indicated that disability is fairly prevalent [among/of] the older age groups .

( 1984 ) reported that the prevalence of dementia amongst assessable residents in the twelve homes studied was 38 per cent .
( 1984 ) reported that the prevalence of dementia [among/of] assessable residents in the twelve homes studied was 38 per cent .

Few studies have considered the prevalence of conditions such as mania and schizophrenia amongst the older age groups .
few studies have considered the prevalence of conditions such as mania and schizophrenia [among/of] the older age groups .

Epidemiological studies have consistently pointed to the health hazards associated with smoking , but most studies have looked at health risks amongst those who are middle aged .
epidemiological studies have consistently pointed to the health hazards associated with smoking , but most studies have looked at health risks [among/of] those who are middle aged .

From a health promotion perspective it would seem that individualistic based exhortations to improve health will have little chance of success amongst the older age groups .
from a health promotion perspective it would seem that individualistic based exhortations to improve health will have little chance of success [among/of] the older age groups .

Both these services are well known amongst the older age groups and levels of satisfaction among users are high ( Salvage et al .
both these services are well known [among/of] the older age groups and levels of satisfaction among users are high ( salvage et al .

Ilfracombe is the leading resort on Devon 's Gold Coast offering everything a leading resort should have : shops , bars , cinema , theatre , dancing , several interesting beaches , and lots to do , or you can just stroll amongst the coloured lights .
ilfracombe is the leading resort on devon 's gold coast offering everything a leading resort should have : shops , bars , cinema , theatre , dancing , several interesting beaches , and lots to do , or you can just stroll [among/of] the coloured lights .

Most of the country properties are situated right in the heart of rural Devon , amongst the most beautiful unspoilt countryside imaginable .
most of the country properties are situated right in the heart of rural devon , [among/of] the most beautiful unspoilt countryside imaginable .

The character or reputation a person has amongst his fellows is partly a product of his own efforts at self-presentation , partly an ascription to him by others on the basis of their readings of his life performances , partly in situations which can be seen as occasions of hazard .
the character or reputation a person has [among/of] his fellows is partly a product of his own efforts at self-presentation , partly an ascription to him by others on the basis of their readings of his life performances , partly in situations which can be seen as occasions of hazard .

For then , not a soul moved amongst the decay and no-one would have paused at the spot for long .
for then , not a soul moved [among/of] the decay and no-one would have paused at the spot for long .

Amongst many ancient earthworks in this area are two remains of Motte and Bailey castles .
[among/of] many ancient earthworks in this area are two remains of motte and bailey castles .

All hotels and guest houses listed in this brochure comply with a Tourist Charter which sets standards which are amongst the highest of any resort in Britain .
all hotels and guest houses listed in this brochure comply with a tourist charter which sets standards which are [among/of] the highest of any resort in britain .

Brighton & Hove has developed a Tourist Charter that sets standards for hotels amongst the highest in Britain .
brighton & hove has developed a tourist charter that sets standards for hotels [among/of] the highest in britain .

‘ He 's over there , amongst the dustbins , ’ he said with a vague flick of his hand .
‘ he 's over there , [among/of] the dustbins , ’ he said with a vague flick of his hand .

He next surfaced in Amsterdam in 1969 as an insurrectionist amongst the more seditious members of the hippy community and was instrumental in provoking clashes between them and the police .
he next surfaced in amsterdam in 1969 as an insurrectionist [among/of] the more seditious members of the hippy community and was instrumental in provoking clashes between them and the police .

Although economics is perhaps the most developed of the social sciences , there remains much disagreement amongst economists about many key economic concepts and about the predictive power of economics .
although economics is perhaps the most developed of the social sciences , there remains much disagreement [among/of] economists about many key economic concepts and about the predictive power of economics .

The test is whether there is a ‘ real feeling of reprobation ’ amongst members of society with regard to the conduct in question .
the test is whether there is a ‘ real feeling of reprobation ’ [among/of] members of society with regard to the conduct in question .

Traditional style cottages and villas set amongst extravagant gardens — secluded , private and relaxed .
traditional style cottages and villas set [among/of] extravagant gardens — secluded , private and relaxed .

Take advantage of the superb quality of Italian Golf courses called ‘ amongst the best in Europe ’ .
take advantage of the superb quality of italian golf courses called ‘ [among/of] the best in europe ’ .

This beautiful villa of three buildings , is situated in a beautiful panoramic location above a busy main road amongst olive groves and gardens .
this beautiful villa of three buildings , is situated in a beautiful panoramic location above a busy main road [among/of] olive groves and gardens .

There is a lovely swimming pool and terrace cleverly landscaped in amongst trees .
there is a lovely swimming pool and terrace cleverly landscaped in [among/of] trees .

Here even window shopping is a pleasure if you ca n't afford to treat yourself , or you can hunt out a less extravagant purchase amongst the cities ' colourful markets and larger department stores .
here even window shopping is a pleasure if you ca n't afford to treat yourself , or you can hunt out a less extravagant purchase [among/of] the cities ' colourful markets and larger department stores .

On the north side of this square , and just across from the famous 13th century well , is the Hotel Leon Bianco which we picked for Citalia guests three years ago and which immediately found favour amongst them .
on the north side of this square , and just across from the famous 13th century well , is the hotel leon bianco which we picked for citalia guests three years ago and which immediately found favour [among/of] them .

One building accommodates the reception , bar and main lounge , plus 13 of the 53 bedrooms , with the remainder , 20 of which are suites , distributed amongst the other houses , each with a lounge .
one building accommodates the reception , bar and main lounge , plus 13 of the 53 bedrooms , with the remainder , 20 of which are suites , distributed [among/of] the other houses , each with a lounge .

It must be something of the sentiment that inspired the war poets , enduring indescribable ugliness — the mutilation and destruction of people and places amongst the fragile flowers that nature silently but abundantly proffered in the stench , decay and squalor of the trenches .
it must be something of the sentiment that inspired the war poets , enduring indescribable ugliness — the mutilation and destruction of people and places [among/of] the fragile flowers that nature silently but abundantly proffered in the stench , decay and squalor of the trenches .

And there will come amongst you one who will pop down to the local for a pint with the lads .
and there will come [among/of] you one who will pop down to the local for a pint with the lads .

For the authorities to have maintained their 1960s approach to the gilt-edge market would have been inconsistent with the other aspect of policy : flexibility of interest rates through greater competitiveness amongst banking and other financial intermediaries .
for the authorities to have maintained their 1960s approach to the gilt-edge market would have been inconsistent with the other aspect of policy : flexibility of interest rates through greater competitiveness [among/of] banking and other financial intermediaries .

Dolores Hayden has brilliantly documented these campaigns ( amongst other things , for kitchenless houses ) and described the seemingly bizarre utopias that an earlier group of American feminists — less blinded than we are by shiny domestic technology-designed at the turn of this century ( Hayden , 1981 ) .
dolores hayden has brilliantly documented these campaigns ( [among/of] other things , for kitchenless houses ) and described the seemingly bizarre utopias that an earlier group of american feminists — less blinded than we are by shiny domestic technology-designed at the turn of this century ( hayden , 1981 ) .

Hence , for example , in the case of the educational system , we should not assume that dominant ideologies about women necessarily give rise to uniform practices in schools and amongst teachers .
hence , for example , in the case of the educational system , we should not assume that dominant ideologies about women necessarily give rise to uniform practices in schools and [among/of] teachers .

Excellent bivvi sites around huts ( walled but not roofed ) and in hollows amongst the innumerable boulders that litter the valleys .
excellent bivvi sites around huts ( walled but not roofed ) and in hollows [among/of] the innumerable boulders that litter the valleys .

The property of the executed and imprisoned rebels was distributed amongst the victors : the Despensers , as might have been expected , were the chief beneficiaries .
the property of the executed and imprisoned rebels was distributed [among/of] the victors : the despensers , as might have been expected , were the chief beneficiaries .

Chief amongst them was Roger Mortimer of Wigmore , who had escaped from the Tower while under sentence of death .
chief [among/of] them was roger mortimer of wigmore , who had escaped from the tower while under sentence of death .

Richmond and Rent , who had been amongst the most consistently loyal of the earls in the earlier part of the reign , had probably been alienated by the arrogance and dominance of the Despensers .
richmond and rent , who had been [among/of] the most consistently loyal of the earls in the earlier part of the reign , had probably been alienated by the arrogance and dominance of the despensers .

They had some support amongst officials at court , but they had not troubled to build up support amongst the magnates or the lesser landowners .
they had some support [among/of] officials at court , but they had not troubled to build up support [among/of] the magnates or the lesser landowners .

Lancaster was now joined by the king 's uncles the Earls of Rent and Norfolk and a group of lords who had lost lands in Scotland , chief amongst whom were Henry Beaumont , Thomas Wake of Liddel and David of Strathbogie , claimant to the earldom of Atholl .
lancaster was now joined by the king 's uncles the earls of rent and norfolk and a group of lords who had lost lands in scotland , chief [among/of] whom were henry beaumont , thomas wake of liddel and david of strathbogie , claimant to the earldom of atholl .

The only serious threat appeared to come from a small group of exiles in Paris , chief amongst whom was Henry Beaumont , who had gathered together exiles from Lancaster s movement and some of the nobles who had lost lands in Scotland .
the only serious threat appeared to come from a small group of exiles in paris , chief [among/of] whom was henry beaumont , who had gathered together exiles from lancaster s movement and some of the nobles who had lost lands in scotland .

Amongst those who served were Edward Bohun , William de Montague , Robert Ufford , Hugh Audley and John Neville of Hornby , together with the ‘ disinherited ’ and the northern magnates .
[among/of] those who served were edward bohun , william de montague , robert ufford , hugh audley and john neville of hornby , together with the ‘ disinherited ’ and the northern magnates .

This grant was unprecedented in extent ; it represented a significant political victory for Edward , and suggests that at this stage there was a considerable degree of support for the war amongst the knights .
this grant was unprecedented in extent ; it represented a significant political victory for edward , and suggests that at this stage there was a considerable degree of support for the war [among/of] the knights .

The real problem was the mobilization of resources : Edward experienced difficulty in collecting revenue in England , and relations between the king 's advisers in Brabant , chief amongst whom were the Earl of Salisbury and the Earl of Northampton , and the council in England , dominated by the clerical ministers of state , gradually deteriorated .
the real problem was the mobilization of resources : edward experienced difficulty in collecting revenue in england , and relations between the king 's advisers in brabant , chief [among/of] whom were the earl of salisbury and the earl of northampton , and the council in england , dominated by the clerical ministers of state , gradually deteriorated .

But the campaigns of the 1340s have a wider significance , for they mark the beginning of a change in attitude to foreign war amongst the English nobility .
but the campaigns of the 1340s have a wider significance , for they mark the beginning of a change in attitude to foreign war [among/of] the english nobility .

The Archbishop of Canterbury , Thomas Bradwardine , died of the plague in August 1349 , but none of the chief officers of state succumbed , and amongst the titled nobility only the death of the Earl of Pembroke in August 1348 may possibly have been caused by the plague .
the archbishop of canterbury , thomas bradwardine , died of the plague in august 1349 , but none of the chief officers of state succumbed , and [among/of] the titled nobility only the death of the earl of pembroke in august 1348 may possibly have been caused by the plague .

More typical , perhaps , were the modest gains of a group of Cheshire archers who divided £8-12-6 amongst them as their share of the proceeds of a silver ship belonging to the Ring of France and seized at Poitiers .
more typical , perhaps , were the modest gains of a group of cheshire archers who divided £8-12-6 [among/of] them as their share of the proceeds of a silver ship belonging to the ring of france and seized at poitiers .

Such propaganda could only be successful , however , if it corresponded to some genuine feeling both amongst the commons and in the country generally that the king 's cause was just and worthy of support .
such propaganda could only be successful , however , if it corresponded to some genuine feeling both [among/of] the commons and in the country generally that the king 's cause was just and worthy of support .

As John of Reading observed in 1362 , the passage of a statute in that year dealing with the problem of purveyance put an end to discontent amongst the common people .
as john of reading observed in 1362 , the passage of a statute in that year dealing with the problem of purveyance put an end to discontent [among/of] the common people .

Both crises arose from discontent over the financing of the war , but it is perhaps a measure of the king 's failing powers that whereas in 1340–1 the lead in attacking his ministers had been taken by the king himself , the initiative now rested with a group of lay nobles , chief amongst whom , if some of the chroniclers are to be believed , was the young Earl of Pembroke .
both crises arose from discontent over the financing of the war , but it is perhaps a measure of the king 's failing powers that whereas in 1340–1 the lead in attacking his ministers had been taken by the king himself , the initiative now rested with a group of lay nobles , chief [among/of] whom , if some of the chroniclers are to be believed , was the young earl of pembroke .

Ever since its own time this parliament has been known as the ‘ Good Parliament ’ ; it has been thoroughly analysed by modern historians , and the Anonimalle Chronicle of St Mary 's Abbey , York , preserves an account of the deliberations amongst the commons which surpasses in its detail any other surviving account of the debates in a fourteenth-century parliament .
ever since its own time this parliament has been known as the ‘ good parliament ’ ; it has been thoroughly analysed by modern historians , and the anonimalle chronicle of st mary 's abbey , york , preserves an account of the deliberations [among/of] the commons which surpasses in its detail any other surviving account of the debates in a fourteenth-century parliament .

Henry Percy , Guy Brian , Henry Scrope and Richard Stafford represented the barons and bannerets , while the Bishops of London , Norwich , Carlisle and St Davids were appointed from amongst the prelates .
henry percy , guy brian , henry scrope and richard stafford represented the barons and bannerets , while the bishops of london , norwich , carlisle and st davids were appointed from [among/of] the prelates .

The grievances which the commons presented were not just their own but were shared by some amongst the magnates , and it is doubtful whether the commons ' will could have prevailed without this support from amongst the ranks of the nobility .
the grievances which the commons presented were not just their own but were shared by some [among/of] the magnates , and it is doubtful whether the commons ' will could have prevailed without this support from [among/of] the ranks of the nobility .

Drawing with metalpoint was commonplace amongst artists of the late 15th and early 16th century .
drawing with metalpoint was commonplace [among/of] artists of the late 15th and early 16th century .

Amongst the many metals employed in this technique were silver , lead-tin , gold , copper , brass , bronze or mixtures of alloys including these metals .
[among/of] the many metals employed in this technique were silver , lead-tin , gold , copper , brass , bronze or mixtures of alloys including these metals .

That it still attracts a nucleus of prestigious and established art dealers : Waddington , Raab , Flowers East , Glasgow print Studio amongst others , is a reflection of its vitality , and that new ones are appearing emphasises its buoyancy and optimism .
that it still attracts a nucleus of prestigious and established art dealers : waddington , raab , flowers east , glasgow print studio [among/of] others , is a reflection of its vitality , and that new ones are appearing emphasises its buoyancy and optimism .

In the north-west corner , four different birds are nesting in close company — the mute swan regally aloft on its large and bulky nest , looking down upon a coot nesting nearby in lesser estate , with two nests of great crested grebes almost awash amongst the reeds close by .
in the north-west corner , four different birds are nesting in close company — the mute swan regally aloft on its large and bulky nest , looking down upon a coot nesting nearby in lesser estate , with two nests of great crested grebes almost awash [among/of] the reeds close by .

Tropical Plants have a new sales team to take them into 1992 , marketing activities have been increased and there is a greater awareness amongst clients of the need for green foliage .
tropical plants have a new sales team to take them into 1992 , marketing activities have been increased and there is a greater awareness [among/of] clients of the need for green foliage .

One of the largest amongst the ‘ others ’ cut their staff in half and , as most of you will know , West Care went out of business .
one of the largest [among/of] the ‘ others ’ cut their staff in half and , as most of you will know , west care went out of business .

Amongst the comments received were those from , a Further Education Officer with Tayside Region .
[among/of] the comments received were those from , a further education officer with tayside region .

Amongst these was a Guide for Teachers which was sent to every secondary school teacher in Scotland .
[among/of] these was a guide for teachers which was sent to every secondary school teacher in scotland .

Legionnaires ' Disease was first recognised and named in 1976 following an outbreak of pneumonia amongst a group of American Legion delegates to a convention in Philadelphia .
legionnaires ' disease was first recognised and named in 1976 following an outbreak of pneumonia [among/of] a group of american legion delegates to a convention in philadelphia .

The Angela , Jade and Chartley patterns proved to be amongst the most popular choices , and early signs indicate that the Group has increased its share of the lucrative bridal market by achieving more and more registrations for its tableware designs .
the angela , jade and chartley patterns proved to be [among/of] the most popular choices , and early signs indicate that the group has increased its share of the lucrative bridal market by achieving more and more registrations for its tableware designs .

to promote social intercourse amongst Irish Bank Officials ;
to promote social intercourse [among/of] irish bank officials ;

The amount of work in a programme is shared out amongst the different processors of the computer .
the amount of work in a programme is shared out [among/of] the different processors of the computer .

If the family 's chickens have produced an egg this is mixed with water and an onion and divided amongst the children , from Christopher aged 22 to Catherine aged 10 , Mrs Kizza and myself .
if the family 's chickens have produced an egg this is mixed with water and an onion and divided [among/of] the children , from christopher aged 22 to catherine aged 10 , mrs kizza and myself .

Amongst many other items , policy on terms and conditions was decided , policy on equality was discussed and policy on industrial relations matters was also reviewed .
[among/of] many other items , policy on terms and conditions was decided , policy on equality was discussed and policy on industrial relations matters was also reviewed .

Bank of Ireland has made significant cost savings with the introduction of Bank Assistants and it is now time to redistribute some of those savings amongst those who most deserve it .
bank of ireland has made significant cost savings with the introduction of bank assistants and it is now time to redistribute some of those savings [among/of] those who most deserve it .

One could quibble about some interpretations that are proffered , though that is not unusual amongst advocates of action research ; but for anyone vaguely dissatisfied with more traditional forms of research , or more importantly for this publication , teachers wanting to undertake systematic analysis of their own practice , this book is a readable and stimulating introduction .
one could quibble about some interpretations that are proffered , though that is not unusual [among/of] advocates of action research ; but for anyone vaguely dissatisfied with more traditional forms of research , or more importantly for this publication , teachers wanting to undertake systematic analysis of their own practice , this book is a readable and stimulating introduction .

On legal aid there is not clear recognition amongst the major commercial firms of the need to deploy much of the substantial funding that they provide in large measure for the profession in the defence at once of the legal aid scheme and of legal aid practitioners .
on legal aid there is not clear recognition [among/of] the major commercial firms of the need to deploy much of the substantial funding that they provide in large measure for the profession in the defence at once of the legal aid scheme and of legal aid practitioners .

5 illustrates factors that have inhibited improved export performance amongst respondents .
5 illustrates factors that have inhibited improved export performance [among/of] respondents .

’ This appears to be particularly prevalent amongst the professions .
’ this appears to be particularly prevalent [among/of] the professions .

Some tactical points for keeping up front We detail two cases where initiatives have been taken to stay ahead and stand out amongst other law firms .
some tactical points for keeping up front we detail two cases where initiatives have been taken to stay ahead and stand out [among/of] other law firms .

Unfortunately , possums are sometimes promoted into positions of authority , when they are a danger to everyone , because they neither sort out squabbles or misunderstandings amongst employees , nor do they support them against outside threats .
unfortunately , possums are sometimes promoted into positions of authority , when they are a danger to everyone , because they neither sort out squabbles or misunderstandings [among/of] employees , nor do they support them against outside threats .

Some felt relief at no longer having to ‘ fit the job ’ , a situation more often found amongst staff who stepped into the shoes of a departing college lecturer .
some felt relief at no longer having to ‘ fit the job ’ , a situation more often found [among/of] staff who stepped into the shoes of a departing college lecturer .

From the Hollywood treatment of Greyfriars Bobby , through Peter Sellers ' wonderful Morningside accent in Battle of the Sexes , to Restless Natives in 1985 and , right up to date , Cormorant Films ' award-winning Tickets for the Zoo about the despair of homelessness amongst the young .
from the hollywood treatment of greyfriars bobby , through peter sellers ' wonderful morningside accent in battle of the sexes , to restless natives in 1985 and , right up to date , cormorant films ' award-winning tickets for the zoo about the despair of homelessness [among/of] the young .

Amongst these are part time hours , job sharing and term-time working .
[among/of] these are part time hours , job sharing and term-time working .

’ Then they were amongst the conifers near the road , a smell of resin and dead bracken , twigs catching their legs .
’ then they were [among/of] the conifers near the road , a smell of resin and dead bracken , twigs catching their legs .

She looked out of place amongst the rest who were dressed mostly in jeans and running-shoes , like an advertisement for clothes for the older woman .
she looked out of place [among/of] the rest who were dressed mostly in jeans and running-shoes , like an advertisement for clothes for the older woman .

There were six of us in our room with many a quarrel breaking out amongst us .
there were six of us in our room with many a quarrel breaking out [among/of] us .

After his speech the night before in the Academy , Brown had become an extremely unpopular figure amongst the ruling elite .
after his speech the night before in the academy , brown had become an extremely unpopular figure [among/of] the ruling elite .

An almost finished game of snakes and ladders was laid out amongst top secret briefing papers .
an almost finished game of snakes and ladders was laid out [among/of] top secret briefing papers .

The Europa Hotel in Belfast was legendary amongst newspaper men from all over the world .
the europa hotel in belfast was legendary [among/of] newspaper men from all over the world .

The signature certainly looked right , he 'd seen it often enough , but then it would be easy for Himmler to get the Führer 's signature on something , just one document amongst many .
the signature certainly looked right , he 'd seen it often enough , but then it would be easy for himmler to get the führer 's signature on something , just one document [among/of] many .

Nowadays , the Chemistry Department is amongst the largest in the country , with an international reputation for research in many fields .
nowadays , the chemistry department is [among/of] the largest in the country , with an international reputation for research in many fields .

The remaining two modules may be selected , with the approval of the Course Director , from amongst the general courses available .
the remaining two modules may be selected , with the approval of the course director , from [among/of] the general courses available .

The remaining two modules may be selected , with the approval of the Course Director , from amongst the general list available .
the remaining two modules may be selected , with the approval of the course director , from [among/of] the general list available .

The remaining two modules may be selected , with the approval of the Course Director , from amongst the general list available .
the remaining two modules may be selected , with the approval of the course director , from [among/of] the general list available .

The remaining two modules may be selected , with the approval of the Course Director , from amongst the general list available .
the remaining two modules may be selected , with the approval of the course director , from [among/of] the general list available .

Three further modules may be selected , with the approval of the Course Director , from amongst the general list available .
three further modules may be selected , with the approval of the course director , from [among/of] the general list available .

Four further modules may be selected , with the approval of the Course Director , from amongst general list available .
four further modules may be selected , with the approval of the course director , from [among/of] general list available .

The remaining two modules may be selected , with the approval of the Course Director , from amongst the general list available .
the remaining two modules may be selected , with the approval of the course director , from [among/of] the general list available .

The remaining two modules may be selected , with the approval of the Course Director , from amongst the general list available .
the remaining two modules may be selected , with the approval of the course director , from [among/of] the general list available .

The woman in the back , who was wildly diving amongst Rex 's purchases , was a different kettle of fish altogether .
the woman in the back , who was wildly diving [among/of] rex 's purchases , was a different kettle of fish altogether .

Through the open ceiling panel , which he might easily have climbed out of , had he chosen to number pulling over the desk amongst his previous choice of options , the barrel of a trusty Smith and Wesson was visible , aiming down at the head of his other self .
through the open ceiling panel , which he might easily have climbed out of , had he chosen to number pulling over the desk [among/of] his previous choice of options , the barrel of a trusty smith and wesson was visible , aiming down at the head of his other self .

Laura wandered amongst the treasures .
laura wandered [among/of] the treasures .

‘ Get into the main street , we can try to lose ourselves amongst the other cabs .
‘ get into the main street , we can try to lose ourselves [among/of] the other cabs .

‘ Talk it out amongst yourselves .
‘ talk it out [among/of] yourselves .

That trench amongst trenchcoats .
that trench [among/of] trenchcoats .

’ Johnny Dee , he of the flat-top skull and map-reading talents , wandered amongst the flaming buildings in search of a cab .
’ johnny dee , he of the flat-top skull and map-reading talents , wandered [among/of] the flaming buildings in search of a cab .

There 'd been a big square of white cloth amongst them , which a group of nomes had managed to tie around the human 's mouth after its mooing got on everyone 's nerves .
there 'd been a big square of white cloth [among/of] them , which a group of nomes had managed to tie around the human 's mouth after its mooing got on everyone 's nerves .

These differences amongst institutions , and amongst their environments and perceptions of direction and identity , were to account in part for the differences of speed and conviction with which they raised the question of independence or autonomy — or , in the terminology of the time , academic freedom .
these differences [among/of] institutions , and [among/of] their environments and perceptions of direction and identity , were to account in part for the differences of speed and conviction with which they raised the question of independence or autonomy — or , in the terminology of the time , academic freedom .

Amongst officers and boards there were some who could not , or would not , relinquish old attitudes : ‘ never mind what the blue book said , this is what we are going to do ’ .
[among/of] officers and boards there were some who could not , or would not , relinquish old attitudes : ‘ never mind what the blue book said , this is what we are going to do ’ .

‘ Maybe next time Ellis will find me an undercover job that takes me to opium dens in Hong Kong , dusky maidens in Peru and shark-fishing amongst the coral reefs , or whatever it is they do there .
‘ maybe next time ellis will find me an undercover job that takes me to opium dens in hong kong , dusky maidens in peru and shark-fishing [among/of] the coral reefs , or whatever it is they do there .

Amongst other things , the food you eat , the clothes you wear and the way you are using heat in your home are very important .
[among/of] other things , the food you eat , the clothes you wear and the way you are using heat in your home are very important .

Neural tube defects — ie , craniorachisisis , anencephaly , and spina bifida aperta — are amongst the commonest congenital abnormalities .
neural tube defects — ie , craniorachisisis , anencephaly , and spina bifida aperta — are [among/of] the commonest congenital abnormalities .

Approximately 65 % of discharges were men , and the incidence was highest amongst men aged 45–64 years ( Fig 5 ) .
approximately 65 % of discharges were men , and the incidence was highest [among/of] men aged 45–64 years ( fig 5 ) .

Amongst its other activities it hosts Members Days at Henley each summer , when the College is pleased to welcome members and their families from all countries to Greenlands .
[among/of] its other activities it hosts members days at henley each summer , when the college is pleased to welcome members and their families from all countries to greenlands .

They were all laughing , and she was amazed at the feeling of camaraderie among these men and particularly at Charlie 's obvious standing amongst them , for all four looked to be in their mid-forties .
they were all laughing , and she was amazed at the feeling of camaraderie among these men and particularly at charlie 's obvious standing [among/of] them , for all four looked to be in their mid-forties .

Wycliffe held out Francis 's keys . ‘ Is the studio key amongst these ? ’
wycliffe held out francis 's keys . ‘ is the studio key [among/of] these ? ’

For five years she had worked at the Ashmolean before moving across the street to The Randolph ; and for the latter part of that time she had actually worked for Dr Kemp , amongst others .
for five years she had worked at the ashmolean before moving across the street to the randolph ; and for the latter part of that time she had actually worked for dr kemp , [among/of] others .

Third , the worrying suspicion that amongst the evidence already accumulated , the statements taken , the people interviewed , the personal relationships observed , the obiter dicta , the geography of North Oxford — that amongst all these things somewhere there was a fact that he had seen or heard but never fully recognised or understood .
third , the worrying suspicion that [among/of] the evidence already accumulated , the statements taken , the people interviewed , the personal relationships observed , the obiter dicta , the geography of north oxford — that [among/of] all these things somewhere there was a fact that he had seen or heard but never fully recognised or understood .

Amongst the lots are the personal effects of the late Victor Zenobia .
[among/of] the lots are the personal effects of the late victor zenobia .

And so , amongst his personal effects are a number of papers .
and so , [among/of] his personal effects are a number of papers .

For instance , who amongst us has not said at one time or another :
for instance , who [among/of] us has not said at one time or another :

Six tracks are taken from that debut album , six tracks that splinter and splutter , Andy Gill 's guitar , wired and nervy — Steve Albini 's copy of this record must be well worn — exploding like shrapnel amongst Jon King 's rantings .
six tracks are taken from that debut album , six tracks that splinter and splutter , andy gill 's guitar , wired and nervy — steve albini 's copy of this record must be well worn — exploding like shrapnel [among/of] jon king 's rantings .

While pursuing his family tree he found two Tyacks amongst those who held land in the Cornish manor of Binnerton , one of whom held the office of manorial reeve .
while pursuing his family tree he found two tyacks [among/of] those who held land in the cornish manor of binnerton , one of whom held the office of manorial reeve .

At the beginning of the sixteenth century the fens were less thickly settled than the clay plateau , but 200 years later they were amongst the most populous districts in the county .
at the beginning of the sixteenth century the fens were less thickly settled than the clay plateau , but 200 years later they were [among/of] the most populous districts in the county .

The wills and inventories of the inhabitants of Pennine villages , hamlets and farmsteads show that those described as clothiers had livestock amongst their possessions and that the farmers had stores of wool , spinning wheels and looms .
the wills and inventories of the inhabitants of pennine villages , hamlets and farmsteads show that those described as clothiers had livestock [among/of] their possessions and that the farmers had stores of wool , spinning wheels and looms .

The importance of the family unit is most evident amongst the scythesmiths , with local dynasties such as the Rayboulds of Lower Gornal , the Waldrons of Clent , the Hill and Lea families of Bloomers End , Cradley , the Badgers of Kingswinford and others whose names constantly recur in local records .
the importance of the family unit is most evident [among/of] the scythesmiths , with local dynasties such as the rayboulds of lower gornal , the waldrons of clent , the hill and lea families of bloomers end , cradley , the badgers of kingswinford and others whose names constantly recur in local records .

The Booth family were amongst the leading chapmen who organised the nail trade in the rural parishes that lay to the north of Sheffield .
the booth family were [among/of] the leading chapmen who organised the nail trade in the rural parishes that lay to the north of sheffield .

By the end of Elizabeth 's reign its population had risen to 11,500 , and though this was 2,500 less than the total number of inhabitants 200 years earlier , York had climbed back from sixth to third position amongst England 's provincial cities .
by the end of elizabeth 's reign its population had risen to 11,500 , and though this was 2,500 less than the total number of inhabitants 200 years earlier , york had climbed back from sixth to third position [among/of] england 's provincial cities .

Lists of freemen of the city must be used with great caution , for their coverage was far from complete , but they indicate patterns of immigration amongst the ‘ middling ’ groups of townsmen — the tradesmen , craftsmen and shopkeepers who together accounted for at least half the adult male population .
lists of freemen of the city must be used with great caution , for their coverage was far from complete , but they indicate patterns of immigration [among/of] the ‘ middling ’ groups of townsmen — the tradesmen , craftsmen and shopkeepers who together accounted for at least half the adult male population .

The leading innkeepers ranked amongst the richest men in Northampton , just like their counterparts in other busy towns .
the leading innkeepers ranked [among/of] the richest men in northampton , just like their counterparts in other busy towns .

When they were amongst themselves they used nicknames , but as these rarely appear in official documents the historian has a difficult task to disentangle one member from another .
when they were [among/of] themselves they used nicknames , but as these rarely appear in official documents the historian has a difficult task to disentangle one member from another .

All households in the Row were inter-married , but whereas the nuclear family prevailed amongst the fishermen , the extended family was the norm for the bargemen and also for their nineteenth-century successors , the canal boatmen .
all households in the row were inter-married , but whereas the nuclear family prevailed [among/of] the fishermen , the extended family was the norm for the bargemen and also for their nineteenth-century successors , the canal boatmen .

Nevertheless , census returns are amongst the most reliable records that a local and family historian is likely to use .
nevertheless , census returns are [among/of] the most reliable records that a local and family historian is likely to use .

They were known amongst the respectable classes as the Ranters .
they were known [among/of] the respectable classes as the ranters .

Amongst the largest cities , despite the similarities in working-class housing and common problems of public health , the sharpest contrast was between the two giants , Manchester and Birmingham .
[among/of] the largest cities , despite the similarities in working-class housing and common problems of public health , the sharpest contrast was between the two giants , manchester and birmingham .

Amongst the familiar occupations were traders in more unusual commodities such as the 2 ginger beer makers , 7 guano , etc .
[among/of] the familiar occupations were traders in more unusual commodities such as the 2 ginger beer makers , 7 guano , etc .

Further north , in Yorkshire , Pocklington was amongst those scores of ancient market towns which continued to fulfil their traditional roles during the Victorian era .
further north , in yorkshire , pocklington was [among/of] those scores of ancient market towns which continued to fulfil their traditional roles during the victorian era .

Bandura found the imitation of the adult in the film was found to be greatest amongst the children who had seen the aggressive adult being rewarded .
bandura found the imitation of the adult in the film was found to be greatest [among/of] the children who had seen the aggressive adult being rewarded .

Could it not be said the overwhelming factor of modern life is the apathy amongst the majority of its members , which should engender concern regarding the way government is designed ?
could it not be said the overwhelming factor of modern life is the apathy [among/of] the majority of its members , which should engender concern regarding the way government is designed ?

Carpets from Stoddard Mercia have decorated some amazing locations ranging from oil rigs to mosques , but one of their recent orders must be counted amongst the more unusual .
carpets from stoddard mercia have decorated some amazing locations ranging from oil rigs to mosques , but one of their recent orders must be counted [among/of] the more unusual .

Being brick-sized , they can be used to create a wide range of more detailed patterns in themselves but can also look attractive when interwoven amongst larger paving units .
being brick-sized , they can be used to create a wide range of more detailed patterns in themselves but can also look attractive when interwoven [among/of] larger paving units .

Over 70,000 visited the exhibition , amongst them Scottish Office Ministers and the Lord Mayor of London .
over 70,000 visited the exhibition , [among/of] them scottish office ministers and the lord mayor of london .

Amongst other new orders Sekers has secured a significant contract to supply the automotive industry with fabric for car interiors .
[among/of] other new orders sekers has secured a significant contract to supply the automotive industry with fabric for car interiors .

Amongst Namibians reactions are mixed — from excitement to apprehension as the day approaches .
[among/of] namibians reactions are mixed — from excitement to apprehension as the day approaches .

Amongst them should be help coming from outside , things like diplomatic leverage by the ’ superpowers ’ , such as sanctions .
[among/of] them should be help coming from outside , things like diplomatic leverage by the ’ superpowers ’ , such as sanctions .

The International workshops were amongst the largest at the conference along with those on pornography , lesbianism and socialism , socialist-feminism and child sexual abuse .
the international workshops were [among/of] the largest at the conference along with those on pornography , lesbianism and socialism , socialist-feminism and child sexual abuse .

Amongst scientific instruments the microscope in particular is in use across almost all disciplines from life science to electronics and at all levels from routine inspection to research .
[among/of] scientific instruments the microscope in particular is in use across almost all disciplines from life science to electronics and at all levels from routine inspection to research .

Few carpet companies exhibit , making it an even more exclusive event for Stoddard Mercia amongst Britain 's leading interior designers .
few carpet companies exhibit , making it an even more exclusive event for stoddard mercia [among/of] britain 's leading interior designers .

Carpets , being a dusty product makes display stands look neglected , but after this treatment it stood out amongst its rivals .
carpets , being a dusty product makes display stands look neglected , but after this treatment it stood out [among/of] its rivals .

Recently he has taken part in an advertisement for Skol ( amongst others ) and will be appearing in Howard 's Way , in , as he modestly called it , ‘ a walk on part .
recently he has taken part in an advertisement for skol ( [among/of] others ) and will be appearing in howard 's way , in , as he modestly called it , ‘ a walk on part .

Amongst the group of ‘ threaders ’ ( who attach spools of yarn to the loom ) is his cousin , Willie Henderson .
[among/of] the group of ‘ threaders ’ ( who attach spools of yarn to the loom ) is his cousin , willie henderson .

People dropped all kinds of rubbish in amongst the lank grass and an old rusty car had been abandoned on a concrete platform where a garage once stood .
people dropped all kinds of rubbish in [among/of] the lank grass and an old rusty car had been abandoned on a concrete platform where a garage once stood .

Stan Wood is the man and he can already claim a place of honour amongst the great fossil hunters of the world .
stan wood is the man and he can already claim a place of honour [among/of] the great fossil hunters of the world .

Dubbed Lizzie by the Press , this find has stirred up controversy amongst paleontologists .
dubbed lizzie by the press , this find has stirred up controversy [among/of] paleontologists .

Priority tasks include the development of a comprehensive seminar programme , combined activities with other bodies to offer management development programmes , conferences , etc , and to find ways to generate a desire amongst members to participate in some form of development activity each year , during their careers .
priority tasks include the development of a comprehensive seminar programme , combined activities with other bodies to offer management development programmes , conferences , etc , and to find ways to generate a desire [among/of] members to participate in some form of development activity each year , during their careers .

Amongst Mulroney 's most fierce critics was Jean Chrétien , 56 , the newly elected leader of the federal Liberal Party who , in 1980 , had led the `` no `` campaign in the referendum on independence for Quebec .
[among/of] mulroney 's most fierce critics was jean chrétien , 56 , the newly elected leader of the federal liberal party who , in 1980 , had led the `` no `` campaign in the referendum on independence for quebec .

All three — economist Zhou Duo , who had been amongst the 211 released on May 10 , Taiwanese-born folk singer Hou Dejin , and newspaper editor Gao Xin — were released in mid-June .
all three — economist zhou duo , who had been [among/of] the 211 released on may 10 , taiwanese-born folk singer hou dejin , and newspaper editor gao xin — were released in mid-june .

Amongst those members who changed their portfolios was former Economics Minister Chen Li-an , who became the new Defence Minister .
[among/of] those members who changed their portfolios was former economics minister chen li-an , who became the new defence minister .

Amongst those arrested was Kim Keun Tae , an internationally recognized dissident who had been imprisoned from 1985 to 1988 , who was detained on May 13 , accused of organizing the May 9 protests .
[among/of] those arrested was kim keun tae , an internationally recognized dissident who had been imprisoned from 1985 to 1988 , who was detained on may 13 , accused of organizing the may 9 protests .

Amongst those ministers not reappointed to the Cabinet was Peter Walsh , hitherto Finance Minister and an important member of Hawke 's Cabinet since 1983 .
[among/of] those ministers not reappointed to the cabinet was peter walsh , hitherto finance minister and an important member of hawke 's cabinet since 1983 .

Despite the persistent rumours of drug use Barry commanded a considerable degree of popularity , particularly amongst the city 's 70 per cent black population , and on Jan. 21 , 1990 , he had planned to announce his candidacy for a fourth consecutive term as mayor .
despite the persistent rumours of drug use barry commanded a considerable degree of popularity , particularly [among/of] the city 's 70 per cent black population , and on jan. 21 , 1990 , he had planned to announce his candidacy for a fourth consecutive term as mayor .

The emotional fervour in support of Saddam Hussein amongst Palestinians living in the occupied territories was so great that Arafat was largely compelled to reject the pro-Western line .
the emotional fervour in support of saddam hussein [among/of] palestinians living in the occupied territories was so great that arafat was largely compelled to reject the pro-western line .

He also failed to mobilize a heavy turnout amongst black voters , many of whom criticised him for ignoring them in his efforts to woo the white rural electorate .
he also failed to mobilize a heavy turnout [among/of] black voters , many of whom criticised him for ignoring them in his efforts to woo the white rural electorate .

Foremost amongst the protesters was the Rev .
foremost [among/of] the protesters was the rev .

The shortcomings of organized religions in having within their ranks and amongst their leadership large numbers who do not live up to their beliefs have had a serious effect on attitudes towards religion .
the shortcomings of organized religions in having within their ranks and [among/of] their leadership large numbers who do not live up to their beliefs have had a serious effect on attitudes towards religion .

Faced with desertion amongst his nobility and gentry and within his army , and with the outbreak of violent anti-Catholic rioting in London , James panicked , and decided to try to flee the country on 11 December .
faced with desertion [among/of] his nobility and gentry and within his army , and with the outbreak of violent anti-catholic rioting in london , james panicked , and decided to try to flee the country on 11 december .

Throughout Anne 's reign we can see splits amongst the Tories , for example , with regard to their attitude towards occasional conformity .
throughout anne 's reign we can see splits [among/of] the tories , for example , with regard to their attitude towards occasional conformity .

From late 1710 we see the emergence of a distinct faction amongst the Tories , known as the October Club .
from late 1710 we see the emergence of a distinct faction [among/of] the tories , known as the october club .

Similar trading pacts appear to have operated amongst Dissenters .
similar trading pacts appear to have operated [among/of] dissenters .

Religion was the political issue which aroused the most passionate emotions amongst the population at large .
religion was the political issue which aroused the most passionate emotions [among/of] the population at large .

Although we should be wary of taking all such accounts at face value , since party feeling often ran sufficiently high amongst local inhabitants that little encouragement was needed for them to come to blows , such practices certainly did go on .
although we should be wary of taking all such accounts at face value , since party feeling often ran sufficiently high [among/of] local inhabitants that little encouragement was needed for them to come to blows , such practices certainly did go on .

Following their defeat at the Wiltshire election of 1713 , the Whig candidates petitioned the House of Commons , complaining that the under-sheriff , in collusion with the two Tory candidates , had delayed opening the poll until the afternoon , `` when many freeholders , who would have voted for the petitioners , were necessitated , by reason of the harvest , to go away without voting `` , and also that he had `` refused those who voted for the petitioners , and had a right ; and polled others amongst them , who had no right `` .
following their defeat at the wiltshire election of 1713 , the whig candidates petitioned the house of commons , complaining that the under-sheriff , in collusion with the two tory candidates , had delayed opening the poll until the afternoon , `` when many freeholders , who would have voted for the petitioners , were necessitated , by reason of the harvest , to go away without voting `` , and also that he had `` refused those who voted for the petitioners , and had a right ; and polled others [among/of] them , who had no right `` .

Votes were often manufactured by the splitting of freeholds or the creation of new freemen to augment the size of a party 's following amongst the electorate .
votes were often manufactured by the splitting of freeholds or the creation of new freemen to augment the size of a party 's following [among/of] the electorate .

An analysis of poll books for Bedfordshire , Buckinghamshire , Hampshire , Rutland and Westmorland for the early eighteenth century has revealed a remarkable consistency of partisan loyalties amongst the electorate .
an analysis of poll books for bedfordshire , buckinghamshire , hampshire , rutland and westmorland for the early eighteenth century has revealed a remarkable consistency of partisan loyalties [among/of] the electorate .

The loyal voter may have voted consistently out of party principle , or because ties of dependence persistently obliged him to defer to the wishes of committed partisans amongst the local elite .
the loyal voter may have voted consistently out of party principle , or because ties of dependence persistently obliged him to defer to the wishes of committed partisans [among/of] the local elite .

Finally , the high turnover at the polls might be indicative of changes in the local population , or prudential calculations amongst particular electors as to whether it was worth one 's while trying to exercise one 's right to vote ( on the logic that people will not bother to turn up to the poll if they believe their preferred candidates have no chance of success ) ; it could equally well be indicative of various forms of electoral manipulation and influence , such as the artificial creation of new electors , the ability of returning officers to prevent one side 's supporters from polling , or the ability of some members of the local elite to `` persuade `` electors not to register a vote in opposition to their wishes .
finally , the high turnover at the polls might be indicative of changes in the local population , or prudential calculations [among/of] particular electors as to whether it was worth one 's while trying to exercise one 's right to vote ( on the logic that people will not bother to turn up to the poll if they believe their preferred candidates have no chance of success ) ; it could equally well be indicative of various forms of electoral manipulation and influence , such as the artificial creation of new electors , the ability of returning officers to prevent one side 's supporters from polling , or the ability of some members of the local elite to `` persuade `` electors not to register a vote in opposition to their wishes .

The split between the Whigs and Tories is normally thought to have corresponded to a fundamental economic cleavage amongst the English upper classes , between the monied and the landed interests .
the split between the whigs and tories is normally thought to have corresponded to a fundamental economic cleavage [among/of] the english upper classes , between the monied and the landed interests .

In many areas , Whigs clearly continued to hold their own amongst the squirearchy .
in many areas , whigs clearly continued to hold their own [among/of] the squirearchy .

The Tories had also come to steal the Whigs ' former following amongst the petty craftsmen and mechanic tradesmen .
the tories had also come to steal the whigs ' former following [among/of] the petty craftsmen and mechanic tradesmen .

Again , we should not assume that developments amongst the London Tories , at the level of corporation politics , were typical of developments amongst Tories as a whole .
again , we should not assume that developments [among/of] the london tories , at the level of corporation politics , were typical of developments [among/of] tories as a whole .

Indeed , most Tories sought to distance themselves from the actions of their own supporters amongst the rank and file .
indeed , most tories sought to distance themselves from the actions of their own supporters [among/of] the rank and file .

Then there was what might be-called `` fire-insurance Jacobitism `` : in the 1690s a number of leading politicians — amongst them Tories such as Marlborough and Godolphin and Whigs such as Shrewsbury and Edward Russell — thought it wise to maintain some contact with the exiled Stuarts so that their own political security would be guaranteed should there be another Stuart restoration .
then there was what might be-called `` fire-insurance jacobitism `` : in the 1690s a number of leading politicians — [among/of] them tories such as marlborough and godolphin and whigs such as shrewsbury and edward russell — thought it wise to maintain some contact with the exiled stuarts so that their own political security would be guaranteed should there be another stuart restoration .

Moreover , unlike their counterparts at St Germain or amongst the Nonjurors , these Jacobite MPs were not `` archaic unreconstructed upholders of Divine Right `` , but Country Tories .
moreover , unlike their counterparts at st germain or [among/of] the nonjurors , these jacobite mps were not `` archaic unreconstructed upholders of divine right `` , but country tories .

Some Whigs were implicated in Jacobite activities , amongst them John Wildman , Charles Mordaunt ( third Earl of Monmouth ) , the Earls of Dorset and Shrewsbury , and the Duke of Bolton , although whether we should see their alleged intrigues as much more than fire-insurance Jacobitism is unclear .
some whigs were implicated in jacobite activities , [among/of] them john wildman , charles mordaunt ( third earl of monmouth ) , the earls of dorset and shrewsbury , and the duke of bolton , although whether we should see their alleged intrigues as much more than fire-insurance jacobitism is unclear .

One way we can examine the nature and extent of Jacobite sympathies amongst the populace is by looking at those who got into trouble with the law for Jacobite disaffection .
one way we can examine the nature and extent of jacobite sympathies [among/of] the populace is by looking at those who got into trouble with the law for jacobite disaffection .

Support for the exiled King was greatest amongst Catholic recusants and immigrant Irish in the north , who played a prominent role in the plots of the 1690s .
support for the exiled king was greatest [among/of] catholic recusants and immigrant irish in the north , who played a prominent role in the plots of the 1690s .

There were pockets of disaffection in other parts of the country , amongst Anglicans and even Quakers , but these were thin on the ground ; the memories of the 1680s were still too powerful to make many people seriously wish to see the Stuarts back on the throne again .
there were pockets of disaffection in other parts of the country , [among/of] anglicans and even quakers , but these were thin on the ground ; the memories of the 1680s were still too powerful to make many people seriously wish to see the stuarts back on the throne again .

Some of the clans , such as the Campbells of Argyll , were staunchly Whig , others were divided amongst themselves , and many were not really committed strongly one way or the other .
some of the clans , such as the campbells of argyll , were staunchly whig , others were divided [among/of] themselves , and many were not really committed strongly one way or the other .

However , by the time of the 1715 rebellion Jacobitism seems to have been particularly strong amongst the ruling class of the Grampian highlands .
however , by the time of the 1715 rebellion jacobitism seems to have been particularly strong [among/of] the ruling class of the grampian highlands .

Political proscription drove more Tories into the arms of the Pretender ( amongst them leading figures such as Bolingbroke , Ormonde and Sir William Wyndham ) as their only hope of political salvation .
political proscription drove more tories into the arms of the pretender ( [among/of] them leading figures such as bolingbroke , ormonde and sir william wyndham ) as their only hope of political salvation .

It is only after the Glorious Revolution — with the emergence of regular sessions of Parliament , when much of the ordinary business of government ( as opposed to just crisis situations ) came to be conducted along party lines , when Parliamentary divisions over a range of issues allow us to see the consistency of party allegiance amongst MPs , and when the parties came to develop fairly sophisticated organisational structures for the pursuit of their political goals — that it is possible to talk of a two-party system .
it is only after the glorious revolution — with the emergence of regular sessions of parliament , when much of the ordinary business of government ( as opposed to just crisis situations ) came to be conducted along party lines , when parliamentary divisions over a range of issues allow us to see the consistency of party allegiance [among/of] mps , and when the parties came to develop fairly sophisticated organisational structures for the pursuit of their political goals — that it is possible to talk of a two-party system .

Control of the party passed to a new generation — the third Earl of Sunderland ( the most experienced , but somewhat erratic ) , James Stanhope , Charles Viscount Townshend , and Sir Robert Walpole — who soon fell to competing amongst themselves for political dominance .
control of the party passed to a new generation — the third earl of sunderland ( the most experienced , but somewhat erratic ) , james stanhope , charles viscount townshend , and sir robert walpole — who soon fell to competing [among/of] themselves for political dominance .

We can then establish the way group members interact amongst themselves and with other groups .
we can then establish the way group members interact [among/of] themselves and with other groups .

They are intended to ensure that increased levels of interaction amongst Network members do not result in friction or embarrassment amongst Network members or the extensive use of other Network members ' resources on an unprofitable basis .
they are intended to ensure that increased levels of interaction [among/of] network members do not result in friction or embarrassment [among/of] network members or the extensive use of other network members ' resources on an unprofitable basis .

identify the most common kinds of cross-border interaction that are likely to occur amongst Network members ;
identify the most common kinds of cross-border interaction that are likely to occur [among/of] network members ;

establish a common vocabulary amongst Network members ( such terms are presented in italics in these Guidelines ) .
establish a common vocabulary [among/of] network members ( such terms are presented in italics in these guidelines ) .

In identifying the most common kinds of cross-border interaction amongst Network members , these Guidelines are premised on the concept of :
in identifying the most common kinds of cross-border interaction [among/of] network members , these guidelines are premised on the concept of :

The most common kinds of situations giving rise to interaction amongst Network members are summarised below , together with a checklist which sets out the obligations of the initiating member and the participating member in each set of circumstances .
the most common kinds of situations giving rise to interaction [among/of] network members are summarised below , together with a checklist which sets out the obligations of the initiating member and the participating member in each set of circumstances .

It is recognised that each Network member may undertake exclusive sell situations for which international marketing is inappropriate and which will therefore not be circulated amongst Network members .
it is recognised that each network member may undertake exclusive sell situations for which international marketing is inappropriate and which will therefore not be circulated [among/of] network members .

It is up to the Vendors to allocate the risks amongst themselves via a separate Deed of Contribution .
it is up to the vendors to allocate the risks [among/of] themselves via a separate deed of contribution .

by John Bailey Bream , once referred to as the matchman 's favourite fish , have seen their popularity amongst specialist anglers rise dramatically over the past few years .
by john bailey bream , once referred to as the matchman 's favourite fish , have seen their popularity [among/of] specialist anglers rise dramatically over the past few years .

The next two days were fairly similar with plenty of carp falling to boilies , many of these good doubles and a fair head of nice koies of varying colours amongst them .
the next two days were fairly similar with plenty of carp falling to boilies , many of these good doubles and a fair head of nice koies of varying colours [among/of] them .

The survey aims to quantify solidarity amongst employers and to analyse a number of themes :
the survey aims to quantify solidarity [among/of] employers and to analyse a number of themes :

The research in this initiative derives from the belief that for one reason or another , Britain 's economic decline stems at least in part from insufficient investment in innovation . Amongst the various diagnoses , the research in the initiative explores the following five factors :
the research in this initiative derives from the belief that for one reason or another , britain 's economic decline stems at least in part from insufficient investment in innovation . [among/of] the various diagnoses , the research in the initiative explores the following five factors :

amongst economists there is renewed interest in the link between productivity and the way labour is paid ; management theorists are paying more attention to new forms of payment within their overall interest in making in making firms more responsive ; and amongst managers and government officials there has been considerable interest expressed in performance-related pay , merit-pay and profit-sharing .
[among/of] economists there is renewed interest in the link between productivity and the way labour is paid ; management theorists are paying more attention to new forms of payment within their overall interest in making in making firms more responsive ; and [among/of] managers and government officials there has been considerable interest expressed in performance-related pay , merit-pay and profit-sharing .

An important question is the degree of congruence amongst decision makers as to the degree to which they are prepared to take risks .
an important question is the degree of congruence [among/of] decision makers as to the degree to which they are prepared to take risks .

This inevitably results in the provision of a less than satisfactory service which , of course , confirms the low status and ‘ poor ’ image of the personnel function amongst other departments and divisions .
this inevitably results in the provision of a less than satisfactory service which , of course , confirms the low status and ‘ poor ’ image of the personnel function [among/of] other departments and divisions .

This analysis will use recently developed techniques for measuring the competitiveness of a product amongst a group of similar competing products .
this analysis will use recently developed techniques for measuring the competitiveness of a product [among/of] a group of similar competing products .

Amongst recently completed research projects is an evaluation of repair and maintenance procedures for public housing in Scotland .
[among/of] recently completed research projects is an evaluation of repair and maintenance procedures for public housing in scotland .

These concern in particular the distribution of employment amongst members of the European Community and the quality of the jobs created .
these concern in particular the distribution of employment [among/of] members of the european community and the quality of the jobs created .

The Act and its associated Codes of Practice incorporates , amongst its many provisions , different methods of structuring police discretion including the requirement for the police to keep detailed records of the exercise of certain powers .
the act and its associated codes of practice incorporates , [among/of] its many provisions , different methods of structuring police discretion including the requirement for the police to keep detailed records of the exercise of certain powers .

Such mis-managed demeaning talk not only induces feelings of worthlessness amongst old folk momentarily , but can , in the long run , reduce life-satisfaction , mental and physical health , with valued social welfare and medical resources being subsequently implicated .
such mis-managed demeaning talk not only induces feelings of worthlessness [among/of] old folk momentarily , but can , in the long run , reduce life-satisfaction , mental and physical health , with valued social welfare and medical resources being subsequently implicated .

The extent and growth of formal qualifications amongst young women
the extent and growth of formal qualifications [among/of] young women

Specific projects include the effects of the 1988 Education Reform Act on ethnic minority communities , higher education and ethnic minorities , a study of ethnic mobilisation within the Bangladeshi community and political organisation , and participation and leadership amongst the population of West Indian descent in Britain since 1948 .
specific projects include the effects of the 1988 education reform act on ethnic minority communities , higher education and ethnic minorities , a study of ethnic mobilisation within the bangladeshi community and political organisation , and participation and leadership [among/of] the population of west indian descent in britain since 1948 .

The workplace applications of micro-electronic technologies and their significance for technical performance , management strategies and the experience of employment are the cause of much concern amongst business , researchers , government and policy bodies .
the workplace applications of micro-electronic technologies and their significance for technical performance , management strategies and the experience of employment are the cause of much concern [among/of] business , researchers , government and policy bodies .

Previous studies have suggested that social support can help promote good health and well-being amongst adults and children living under difficult circumstances .
previous studies have suggested that social support can help promote good health and well-being [among/of] adults and children living under difficult circumstances .

Despite the considerable attention given to poverty-environment linkages amongst donor policy agencies , there is little clarity as to the precise causal relationships involved .
despite the considerable attention given to poverty-environment linkages [among/of] donor policy agencies , there is little clarity as to the precise causal relationships involved .

These changes have resulted in growing financial hardship amongst many students , and one response has been to seek to combine term-time part-time employment with full-time study .
these changes have resulted in growing financial hardship [among/of] many students , and one response has been to seek to combine term-time part-time employment with full-time study .

Second generation identity amongst Pakistanis/Kashmiri and Greek Cypriot Immigrants
second generation identity [among/of] pakistanis/kashmiri and greek cypriot immigrants

Representative questionnaire surveys will be undertaken of attitudes and patterns of language-use in relationships to social roles and identities , geographical and demographic locations of Gaelic speakers in the principal Gaelic communities , areas where Gaelic has recently weakened , and amongst Gaelic speakers who have moved elsewhere for economic reasons .
representative questionnaire surveys will be undertaken of attitudes and patterns of language-use in relationships to social roles and identities , geographical and demographic locations of gaelic speakers in the principal gaelic communities , areas where gaelic has recently weakened , and [among/of] gaelic speakers who have moved elsewhere for economic reasons .

What seems probable is that the forms of work involvement , and the way households arrange amongst themselves how they will provide for their needs , will evolve rapidly .
what seems probable is that the forms of work involvement , and the way households arrange [among/of] themselves how they will provide for their needs , will evolve rapidly .

If ‘ competence ’ is to be usefully specified it must initially be in terms current amongst police .
if ‘ competence ’ is to be usefully specified it must initially be in terms current [among/of] police .

The post-war rise in divorce has attracted much debate amongst policy makers , welfare practitioners and the public at large , and yet the work of the probation service in providing welfare reports and related services to the courts in such situations has remained largely unresearched in the face of the preoccupation with their work with offenders .
the post-war rise in divorce has attracted much debate [among/of] policy makers , welfare practitioners and the public at large , and yet the work of the probation service in providing welfare reports and related services to the courts in such situations has remained largely unresearched in the face of the preoccupation with their work with offenders .

This study examines the living standards of low-income lone-parent families ; in particular , the extent to which their incomes are adequate for their ‘ needs ’ , whether their ‘ needs ’ are different from those of two-parent families and the persistence of low- income amongst one-parent families .
this study examines the living standards of low-income lone-parent families ; in particular , the extent to which their incomes are adequate for their ‘ needs ’ , whether their ‘ needs ’ are different from those of two-parent families and the persistence of low- income [among/of] one-parent families .

An anthropological pilot study of an aid project amongst Sinhalese fishermen
an anthropological pilot study of an aid project [among/of] sinhalese fishermen

The most suitable forms for the presentation of such information have been a matter for considerable debate amongst educational practitioners , both nationally and within local education authorities and schools .
the most suitable forms for the presentation of such information have been a matter for considerable debate [among/of] educational practitioners , both nationally and within local education authorities and schools .

The results are expected to show whether these motivational styles are more prevalent amongst pupils with learning and behavioural difficulties than amongst pupils who are not identified as having these special needs .
the results are expected to show whether these motivational styles are more prevalent [among/of] pupils with learning and behavioural difficulties than [among/of] pupils who are not identified as having these special needs .

To collect a body of information/data on the prevalence of learned helplessness and self-worth motivation in three samples of pupils , and to show whether these motivational styles are more prevalent amongst pupils with learning and behavioural difficulties than amongst pupils who are not identified as having these special needs .
to collect a body of information/data on the prevalence of learned helplessness and self-worth motivation in three samples of pupils , and to show whether these motivational styles are more prevalent [among/of] pupils with learning and behavioural difficulties than [among/of] pupils who are not identified as having these special needs .

European volunteer workers were recruited by the British government from amongst the large refugee population in Displaced Persons camps in Germany and Austria at the end of the Second World war .
european volunteer workers were recruited by the british government from [among/of] the large refugee population in displaced persons camps in germany and austria at the end of the second world war .

The first aim is to document the inter-relationships amongst children 's ethnic identity and preference , self esteem , and sociometric ( friendship ) status in the classroom . How extensive is ethnic preference ? Do more prejudiced children differ in their popularity and self esteem ?
the first aim is to document the inter-relationships [among/of] children 's ethnic identity and preference , self esteem , and sociometric ( friendship ) status in the classroom . how extensive is ethnic preference ? do more prejudiced children differ in their popularity and self esteem ?

There will be representatives of the Bordeaux and Burgundy regions amongst many others .
there will be representatives of the bordeaux and burgundy regions [among/of] many others .

He said he had no doubt that there was uncertainty amongst Protestants , which could be traced directly to recent comments by British ministers .
he said he had no doubt that there was uncertainty [among/of] protestants , which could be traced directly to recent comments by british ministers .

The veteran comedy actor spends most of his time alone amongst mountains of dirty dishes , pots and pans at his three-bedroom house in Leicestershire .
the veteran comedy actor spends most of his time alone [among/of] mountains of dirty dishes , pots and pans at his three-bedroom house in leicestershire .

Farming journalists and politicians who visit New Zealand come back convinced life without subsidies is not just attractive but a realistic option — an argument they generally base on claims that British farmers by conventional standards are amongst the most efficient in Europe .
farming journalists and politicians who visit new zealand come back convinced life without subsidies is not just attractive but a realistic option — an argument they generally base on claims that british farmers by conventional standards are [among/of] the most efficient in europe .

It assesses the evaluation of agricultural structures , the impact of structural policies and the extent of multiple job-holding amongst farm families .
it assesses the evaluation of agricultural structures , the impact of structural policies and the extent of multiple job-holding [among/of] farm families .

Amongst the themes to be explored are changing north-south and east-west relations ; nationalism and religion ; global environment and security .
[among/of] the themes to be explored are changing north-south and east-west relations ; nationalism and religion ; global environment and security .

Attitude formation on defence policy amongst Congressmen and MPs
attitude formation on defence policy [among/of] congressmen and mps

The aim of the awards is to foster constructive concern for the environment and enterprise amongst school children from the ages of 7-18 .
the aim of the awards is to foster constructive concern for the environment and enterprise [among/of] school children from the ages of 7-18 .

Mine is apparently amongst them .
mine is apparently [among/of] them .

In the beginning , the race took place over a course that included three brooks and a five foot stone wall amongst the 29 jumps .
in the beginning , the race took place over a course that included three brooks and a five foot stone wall [among/of] the 29 jumps .

Oxford , Durham , Cambridge , Newcastle and Edinburgh ( in that order ) publish high proportions of first papers in Nature , and these universities are also amongst the highest scoring in terms of productivity . Speculations on the reasons for such a correlation include the following possibilities :
oxford , durham , cambridge , newcastle and edinburgh ( in that order ) publish high proportions of first papers in nature , and these universities are also [among/of] the highest scoring in terms of productivity . speculations on the reasons for such a correlation include the following possibilities :

If there is sufficient agreement amongst members of specialist interest groups ( ‘ invisible colleges ’ ) that delays in publication within their fields are at unacceptable levels , then commercial publishers are generally willing to establish new journals which will reduce overall delays by increasing the total numbers of papers published .
if there is sufficient agreement [among/of] members of specialist interest groups ( ‘ invisible colleges ’ ) that delays in publication within their fields are at unacceptable levels , then commercial publishers are generally willing to establish new journals which will reduce overall delays by increasing the total numbers of papers published .

There is , however , a growing feeling amongst users that these are far from adequate in aiding quick accurate identifications and can be misleading when taxa new to the area or to science are being identified .
there is , however , a growing feeling [among/of] users that these are far from adequate in aiding quick accurate identifications and can be misleading when taxa new to the area or to science are being identified .

The radial shields are inconspicuous amongst the plates of the disk .
the radial shields are inconspicuous [among/of] the plates of the disk .

The disk is high and appears round but the interradial areas are deeply indented , diameter up to 10 mm ; covered with large and conspicuous plates amongst which the centrodorsal plate can usually be distinguished .
the disk is high and appears round but the interradial areas are deeply indented , diameter up to 10 mm ; covered with large and conspicuous plates [among/of] which the centrodorsal plate can usually be distinguished .

The disk is strongly indented interradially diameter up to 16.5 mm ; covered by plates amongst which the centrodorsal is usually conspicuous .
the disk is strongly indented interradially diameter up to 16.5 mm ; covered by plates [among/of] which the centrodorsal is usually conspicuous .

The disk is round , covered with small plates amongst which the primary plates are inconspicuous ; disk diameter up to 5 mm .
the disk is round , covered with small plates [among/of] which the primary plates are inconspicuous ; disk diameter up to 5 mm .

The disk is round ; covered with many large plates amongst which the centrodorsal and usually the primary plates are distinct , often these plates have a knob in the centre ; disk diameter up to 9 mm .
the disk is round ; covered with many large plates [among/of] which the centrodorsal and usually the primary plates are distinct , often these plates have a knob in the centre ; disk diameter up to 9 mm .

The disk is pentagonal , indented interradially and covered by small scales amongst which the centrodorsal and primary plates are conspicuous , disk diameter up to 8–10 mm .
the disk is pentagonal , indented interradially and covered by small scales [among/of] which the centrodorsal and primary plates are conspicuous , disk diameter up to 8–10 mm .

The disk is pentagonal , indented interradially , covered with quite large overlapping or contiguous scales amongst which the centrodorsal plate is usually distinct , disk diameter up to 8 m .
the disk is pentagonal , indented interradially , covered with quite large overlapping or contiguous scales [among/of] which the centrodorsal plate is usually distinct , disk diameter up to 8 m .

The disk is round to subpentagonal , disk diameter up to 6 mm ; covered by small scales amongst which the centrodorsal and primary plates are inconspicuous .
the disk is round to subpentagonal , disk diameter up to 6 mm ; covered by small scales [among/of] which the centrodorsal and primary plates are inconspicuous .

The disk is covered with coarse imbricating plates amongst which the centrodorsal and primary plates are conspicuous , diameter up to 8 mm .
the disk is covered with coarse imbricating plates [among/of] which the centrodorsal and primary plates are conspicuous , diameter up to 8 mm .

The disk is round covered by coarse scales amongst which the centrodorsal and primary plates are indistinguishable except in small individuals ; diameter up to 5 mm , usually smaller .
the disk is round covered by coarse scales [among/of] which the centrodorsal and primary plates are indistinguishable except in small individuals ; diameter up to 5 mm , usually smaller .

The disk is covered with many small imbricating or contiguous scales amongst which the centrodorsal plate and sometimes the primary plates are distinct .
the disk is covered with many small imbricating or contiguous scales [among/of] which the centrodorsal plate and sometimes the primary plates are distinct .

The disk is round , flat covered with overlapping plates amongst which primary plates , certainly the centrodorsal plate , as generally distinct .
the disk is round , flat covered with overlapping plates [among/of] which primary plates , certainly the centrodorsal plate , as generally distinct .

The disk is round , flat , covered with relatively large plates amongst which the centrodorsal and primary radial plates are distinct ; diameter up to 7 mm .
the disk is round , flat , covered with relatively large plates [among/of] which the centrodorsal and primary radial plates are distinct ; diameter up to 7 mm .

The disk is pentagonal , box-like with steep sides ; covered by small plates amongst which it is possible to distinguish the centrodorsal plate but not usually the primary radial plates ; disk diameter up to 10 mm .
the disk is pentagonal , box-like with steep sides ; covered by small plates [among/of] which it is possible to distinguish the centrodorsal plate but not usually the primary radial plates ; disk diameter up to 10 mm .

The disk is round , slightly domed , covered in large plates amongst which it is possible to distinguish the centrodorsal and primary radial plates ; diameter up to 8 mm .
the disk is round , slightly domed , covered in large plates [among/of] which it is possible to distinguish the centrodorsal and primary radial plates ; diameter up to 8 mm .

These facts are indeed significant , but they are susceptible of a rather different Interpretation when it is accepted that importance and success amongst the ulema in the earlier period did not depend upon one 's position in the hierarchy or concomitant matters like salary or membership of the divan — to anything like the same degree that they did in later times .
these facts are indeed significant , but they are susceptible of a rather different interpretation when it is accepted that importance and success [among/of] the ulema in the earlier period did not depend upon one 's position in the hierarchy or concomitant matters like salary or membership of the divan — to anything like the same degree that they did in later times .

But one is almost totally dependent on the biographical sources for such humanizing detail ; and if it is sometimes given amongst the flood of factual information , often it is not , and one is left to speculate .
but one is almost totally dependent on the biographical sources for such humanizing detail ; and if it is sometimes given [among/of] the flood of factual information , often it is not , and one is left to speculate .

Uncertainty extends also to the question of Molla Yegan 's death date , about which a wide divergence of opinion has grown up amongst the various sources , who give dates ranging from 840/1436–7 to 878/1473–4 .
uncertainty extends also to the question of molla yegan 's death date , about which a wide divergence of opinion has grown up [among/of] the various sources , who give dates ranging from 840/1436–7 to 878/1473–4 .

About the death date of Fahreddin Acemi there is again disagreement amongst the sources .
about the death date of fahreddin acemi there is again disagreement [among/of] the sources .

To take first the question of the traditional list , one finds that the neatly-dovetailed listing of Muftis developed by the authors of the later Turkish tradition conceals serious confusion amongst earlier authors in respect of the true facts .
to take first the question of the traditional list , one finds that the neatly-dovetailed listing of muftis developed by the authors of the later turkish tradition conceals serious confusion [among/of] earlier authors in respect of the true facts .

On the other hand , the statement that Hocazade , as kadi of Istanbul , was amongst the group of ulema who met Ali Kuscu at the time of his arrival to settle permanently in the Ottoman lands , which event Babinger plausibly dates in the beginning of the spring of 1472 ( Shawwal 876 ) , may , if the facts stated are correct , permit a refinement of the dating of Molla Husrev 's departure from the kadilik , which would thus appear to have occurred between Rajab and Shawwal 876 .
on the other hand , the statement that hocazade , as kadi of istanbul , was [among/of] the group of ulema who met ali kuscu at the time of his arrival to settle permanently in the ottoman lands , which event babinger plausibly dates in the beginning of the spring of 1472 ( shawwal 876 ) , may , if the facts stated are correct , permit a refinement of the dating of molla husrev 's departure from the kadilik , which would thus appear to have occurred between rajab and shawwal 876 .

One may now reconsider the evidence about the death of Fahreddin Acemi since it is common ground amongst the writers connected with the later tradition that Molla Husrev succeeded Fahreddin Acemi as Mufti .
one may now reconsider the evidence about the death of fahreddin acemi since it is common ground [among/of] the writers connected with the later tradition that molla husrev succeeded fahreddin acemi as mufti .

When they started their `` mission `` amongst the poor and destitute of the great cities of Britain they already had six children .
when they started their `` mission `` [among/of] the poor and destitute of the great cities of britain they already had six children .

He was Commissioner Allister Smith , a pioneer of the work amongst the Zulus , and famous in Salvation Army missionary history .
he was commissioner allister smith , a pioneer of the work [among/of] the zulus , and famous in salvation army missionary history .

Finance has always been a headache for a group whose adherents have often come from amongst the poorest strata of society .
finance has always been a headache for a group whose adherents have often come from [among/of] the poorest strata of society .

`` There was a great deal of affection amongst us .
`` there was a great deal of affection [among/of] us .

Eva and her emergency team were amongst the first on the scene taking in food and clothing , and assessing the need for financial aid to help rebuild the shattered homes and schools .
eva and her emergency team were [among/of] the first on the scene taking in food and clothing , and assessing the need for financial aid to help rebuild the shattered homes and schools .

She pulled the cold embroidered spaces of satin kimono closer to her and pressed her back into the wire of the fender before she drew the basket , full of wounded dog , nearer to herself and to the heat — the little bitch trembled amongst all her luxuries .
she pulled the cold embroidered spaces of satin kimono closer to her and pressed her back into the wire of the fender before she drew the basket , full of wounded dog , nearer to herself and to the heat — the little bitch trembled [among/of] all her luxuries .

These various lines of reasoning have been challenged by , amongst others , the New Cambridge School which suggests that the relationships between the public sector and economic management may by no means be so simple .
these various lines of reasoning have been challenged by , [among/of] others , the new cambridge school which suggests that the relationships between the public sector and economic management may by no means be so simple .

Fiegehen and Reddaway ( see Brown 1988 ) conducted a study on incentives amongst senior managers at board level in 94 companies in 1978 , just before the large tax cuts introduced by the ( then ) newly elected Conservative government a year or so later .
fiegehen and reddaway ( see brown 1988 ) conducted a study on incentives [among/of] senior managers at board level in 94 companies in 1978 , just before the large tax cuts introduced by the ( then ) newly elected conservative government a year or so later .

For instance , the choice between internal and external financing depends , amongst other things , on the sensitivity of share prices to dividend payout ratios .
for instance , the choice between internal and external financing depends , [among/of] other things , on the sensitivity of share prices to dividend payout ratios .

Banks borrow and lend wholesale funds amongst themselves , dealing through money brokers , for periods ranging from overnight to five years .
banks borrow and lend wholesale funds [among/of] themselves , dealing through money brokers , for periods ranging from overnight to five years .

Whereas a course of dealing can incorporate a term that has in effect become customary between the two parties in question , trade usage can incorporate a term that has become a custom amongst all the buyers and sellers dealing in the environment in question .
whereas a course of dealing can incorporate a term that has in effect become customary between the two parties in question , trade usage can incorporate a term that has become a custom [among/of] all the buyers and sellers dealing in the environment in question .

Amongst the books , tracts , poetry , and pamphlets that the young would-be intellectuals began to absorb was the new writing from the United States , that accompaniment to the modern jazz that survived alongside rock into the 1960s .
[among/of] the books , tracts , poetry , and pamphlets that the young would-be intellectuals began to absorb was the new writing from the united states , that accompaniment to the modern jazz that survived alongside rock into the 1960s .

Amongst those who watched and then joined that route from Berkshire to central London was the future co-founder of International Times , Barry Miles from Cheltenham .
[among/of] those who watched and then joined that route from berkshire to central london was the future co-founder of international times , barry miles from cheltenham .

Amongst the younger generation the arrival of the book in the wake of Penguin 's successful defence met with an enthusiasm which rarely survived a thumbing of its pages .
[among/of] the younger generation the arrival of the book in the wake of penguin 's successful defence met with an enthusiasm which rarely survived a thumbing of its pages .

Amongst the Traverse and Paperback Shop 's habitués was the sometime editor of the university paper , Student , and future editor of the underground 's Ink , and later Time Out and the New Statesman , John Lloyd .
[among/of] the traverse and paperback shop 's habitués was the sometime editor of the university paper , student , and future editor of the underground 's ink , and later time out and the new statesman , john lloyd .

Apart from selling books , the locale also provided a meeting place for such gatherings as ‘ Better Books writers nights ’ , and in February/March 1965 housed ‘ the sTigma environmental exhibition ’ , which included amongst its contributors Jeff Nuttall , and amongst its inspirations Alex Trocchi 's Sigma , a Tactical Blueprint-drawing for its inspiration on the International Situationists .
apart from selling books , the locale also provided a meeting place for such gatherings as ‘ better books writers nights ’ , and in february/march 1965 housed ‘ the stigma environmental exhibition ’ , which included [among/of] its contributors jeff nuttall , and [among/of] its inspirations alex trocchi 's sigma , a tactical blueprint-drawing for its inspiration on the international situationists .

Amongst the people around Better Books then were New Yorker Don Richter and his English wife Jill .
[among/of] the people around better books then were new yorker don richter and his english wife jill .

Just south of it was the Jeanetta Cochrane theatre , where Haynes was working with , amongst others , Charles Marovitz , another exiled American , but , in his case , from New York 's lower east side rather than Louisiana .
just south of it was the jeanetta cochrane theatre , where haynes was working with , [among/of] others , charles marovitz , another exiled american , but , in his case , from new york 's lower east side rather than louisiana .

Back in 1961 at the Beaulieu Jazz Festival , a modest event sponsored by the motoring Earl of Montague , some mild disorder had occurred amongst teenagers inflamed by the wild sounds of terrible trad bands .
back in 1961 at the beaulieu jazz festival , a modest event sponsored by the motoring earl of montague , some mild disorder had occurred [among/of] teenagers inflamed by the wild sounds of terrible trad bands .

Amongst them was Michelene Wandor , later a Time Out poetry editor , feminist , poet and playwright .
[among/of] them was michelene wandor , later a time out poetry editor , feminist , poet and playwright .

Quite , but who was ‘ you ’ ? They did n't want to be press barons , says Miles , they wanted a community paper , and it had n't even been easy to find an editor amongst the founding group , preoccupied as they were with art galleries and bookshops , theatre companies and poetry , and preoccupied also with that sense of freedom , and the breaking down of national barriers which had accompanied the explosion of travel in the 1960s .
quite , but who was ‘ you ’ ? they did n't want to be press barons , says miles , they wanted a community paper , and it had n't even been easy to find an editor [among/of] the founding group , preoccupied as they were with art galleries and bookshops , theatre companies and poetry , and preoccupied also with that sense of freedom , and the breaking down of national barriers which had accompanied the explosion of travel in the 1960s .

Amongst those saying goodbye to Ferrier in Sydney had been Richard Neville .
[among/of] those saying goodbye to ferrier in sydney had been richard neville .

Amongst the people who came visiting was a young Maidenhead medical student .
[among/of] the people who came visiting was a young maidenhead medical student .

’ Amongst Alf achievements were listed the Crucifixion and ‘ not buying any of Vincent Van Gogh 's paintings during his lifetime ’ .
’ [among/of] alf achievements were listed the crucifixion and ‘ not buying any of vincent van gogh 's paintings during his lifetime ’ .

The London School of Economics had provided a trailer for what was to come , black activism within Britain was on the rise , and three years of Labour Government was decimating its support amongst students and the young intelligentsia .
the london school of economics had provided a trailer for what was to come , black activism within britain was on the rise , and three years of labour government was decimating its support [among/of] students and the young intelligentsia .

That issue 's front page proclaimed ‘ The Second Coming ’ and flashed Aleister Crowley , John Peel , and Alex Trocchi amongst its attractions .
that issue 's front page proclaimed ‘ the second coming ’ and flashed aleister crowley , john peel , and alex trocchi [among/of] its attractions .

Amongst them was Sue Morris , ‘ Hamburger Sue ’ .
[among/of] them was sue morris , ‘ hamburger sue ’ .

In Britain Wilson 's Labour Government sustained a half-hearted support for the war , and economic policies that were enough to drive Labour 's constituency amongst the young working-class socialists and student radicals out of the Party .
in britain wilson 's labour government sustained a half-hearted support for the war , and economic policies that were enough to drive labour 's constituency [among/of] the young working-class socialists and student radicals out of the party .

There were the papers produced by the political groups , but they seemed fatally restricted to the obsessions of other times , and to backbiting amongst themselves .
there were the papers produced by the political groups , but they seemed fatally restricted to the obsessions of other times , and to backbiting [among/of] themselves .

Amongst them was Tariq Ali , whose background could hardly have been further from his own .
[among/of] them was tariq ali , whose background could hardly have been further from his own .

The shooting in Germany of Rudi Dutskche by a right-wing extremist triggered protest amongst Paris 's student population .
the shooting in germany of rudi dutskche by a right-wing extremist triggered protest [among/of] paris 's student population .

Amongst Robins 's acquaintances was Robert ( Bob ) Harris , whom Robins had got to know when he came down from Keele and worked with him on Circuit .
[among/of] robins 's acquaintances was robert ( bob ) harris , whom robins had got to know when he came down from keele and worked with him on circuit .

But now It had changed ‘ There were ideological arguments amongst the existing staff ’ , Williams remembers , ‘ some argued that we should have allowed them to continue , to take over .
but now it had changed ‘ there were ideological arguments [among/of] the existing staff ’ , williams remembers , ‘ some argued that we should have allowed them to continue , to take over .

Amongst them was Alan Marcuson .
[among/of] them was alan marcuson .

Amongst the issues discussed were those claims alleging negligence , those alleging product liability and the intention to bring claims in the United States .
[among/of] the issues discussed were those claims alleging negligence , those alleging product liability and the intention to bring claims in the united states .

Amongst the recommendations the Law Society has made are : —
[among/of] the recommendations the law society has made are : —

To seek a consistent approach amongst local authorities
to seek a consistent approach [among/of] local authorities

‘ This caused some amusement amongst the lads at work , ’ he said .
‘ this caused some amusement [among/of] the lads at work , ’ he said .

Overall : the overall performance rating of 225.28 is not at all bad , putting the Aries machine up there amongst the rest of the 33MHz 486 machines .
overall : the overall performance rating of 225.28 is not at all bad , putting the aries machine up there [among/of] the rest of the 33mhz 486 machines .

Now , the cheats amongst us ( like me ) will discover that you can import graphics into the Cel editor , and will quickly come to the conclusion that very lifelike images can be formed by using a scanner to scan individual frames from a film , and then pick out the bits they want and place them on cels to form a small animated sequence .
now , the cheats [among/of] us ( like me ) will discover that you can import graphics into the cel editor , and will quickly come to the conclusion that very lifelike images can be formed by using a scanner to scan individual frames from a film , and then pick out the bits they want and place them on cels to form a small animated sequence .

Budding classicists amongst you will quickly realise that Intel has managed rather clumsily to match a Greek prefix to a Latin suffix .
budding classicists [among/of] you will quickly realise that intel has managed rather clumsily to match a greek prefix to a latin suffix .

Firstly , one for the exhibitionists amongst you .
firstly , one for the exhibitionists [among/of] you .

Since printers became affordable there has been a fascination amongst the computer-using community for producing banners .
since printers became affordable there has been a fascination [among/of] the computer-using community for producing banners .

Amongst this month 's Quickies hardware selection we have a privacy anti-glare screen , a scanner that can read and spell check a printed document and a small footprint desktop laser printer .
[among/of] this month 's quickies hardware selection we have a privacy anti-glare screen , a scanner that can read and spell check a printed document and a small footprint desktop laser printer .

Amongst this month 's Quickies hardware selection we have a privacy anti-glare screen , a scanner that can read and spell check a printed document and a small footprint desktop laser printer .
[among/of] this month 's quickies hardware selection we have a privacy anti-glare screen , a scanner that can read and spell check a printed document and a small footprint desktop laser printer .

WordStar used it as a base from which to build WordStar for Windows , a process that has continued with this latest release , which adds Windows 3.1 compliance amongst other things .
wordstar used it as a base from which to build wordstar for windows , a process that has continued with this latest release , which adds windows 3.1 compliance [among/of] other things .

Then he drew out a very small piece of thin parchment , rummaged for a pen amongst the debris on his workbench , and wrote a very short , small , message .
then he drew out a very small piece of thin parchment , rummaged for a pen [among/of] the debris on his workbench , and wrote a very short , small , message .

Amongst other aspects , the 19th century in Britain is marked by a mania for classification accompanied by the supporting practice of illustration .
[among/of] other aspects , the 19th century in britain is marked by a mania for classification accompanied by the supporting practice of illustration .

This is spoken at a time when the media are documenting despair amongst Cork Street galleries and recognition by major collectors such as the Saatchi family that the bottom has fallen out of the market for modern art .
this is spoken at a time when the media are documenting despair [among/of] cork street galleries and recognition by major collectors such as the saatchi family that the bottom has fallen out of the market for modern art .

For the purpose of her own artistic practice , she has other heroes than the icons of high art and these are found amongst illustrators such as Arthur Rackham , Edmund Dulac , Beatrix Potter , and William Heath Robinson .
for the purpose of her own artistic practice , she has other heroes than the icons of high art and these are found [among/of] illustrators such as arthur rackham , edmund dulac , beatrix potter , and william heath robinson .

To discover that real face that is our own amongst the images , the image of a face that will give us a face once and for all time , remains a fantasy rather than a realisable project .
to discover that real face that is our own [among/of] the images , the image of a face that will give us a face once and for all time , remains a fantasy rather than a realisable project .

Having photographed these averagely attractive , effectively anonymous members nestled amongst feathers , emerging from a bunch of Iris buds , tucked up with a wad of £10 notes , or wrapped up in black fishnet material , the stage is ostensibly set for the viewer to compare these peculiar juxtapositions with those more commonly seen in the media where the female body is used instead .
having photographed these averagely attractive , effectively anonymous members nestled [among/of] feathers , emerging from a bunch of iris buds , tucked up with a wad of £10 notes , or wrapped up in black fishnet material , the stage is ostensibly set for the viewer to compare these peculiar juxtapositions with those more commonly seen in the media where the female body is used instead .

At least she would n't either bully or patronise him , his usual lot amongst the cathedral clergy , ranking as he did at the very bottom of the cathedral hierarchy .
at least she would n't either bully or patronise him , his usual lot [among/of] the cathedral clergy , ranking as he did at the very bottom of the cathedral hierarchy .

It was n't the first time in the Church and especially amongst the orthodoxly successful echelons of bishops and archdeacons , that Theodora had met a reluctance to tangle with that eminence grise , Gilbert Racy .
it was n't the first time in the church and especially [among/of] the orthodoxly successful echelons of bishops and archdeacons , that theodora had met a reluctance to tangle with that eminence grise , gilbert racy .

She did not add that this was quite a relief amongst the Anglican priesthood .
she did not add that this was quite a relief [among/of] the anglican priesthood .

What , then , was Hereward doing amongst this specialised and refined body ?
what , then , was hereward doing [among/of] this specialised and refined body ?

She did not doubt but that somewhere amongst the records and corporate memory of the Society would be someone who knew Hereward Marr very well indeed .
she did not doubt but that somewhere [among/of] the records and corporate memory of the society would be someone who knew hereward marr very well indeed .

To design a means of navigating effectively amongst thousands of images , video sequences , sound , text and numerics , all seamlessly combined as a single information resource , is a challenging problem and one that lies at the heart of successful multimedia applications .
to design a means of navigating effectively [among/of] thousands of images , video sequences , sound , text and numerics , all seamlessly combined as a single information resource , is a challenging problem and one that lies at the heart of successful multimedia applications .

Amongst the most important of these is the efficiency with which they compress video .
[among/of] the most important of these is the efficiency with which they compress video .

It is all part of the service which places the reputation of Stoddard Templeton amongst the highest , at reputation that is upheld by their sales representatives , the ‘ Ambassadors ’ of the company .
it is all part of the service which places the reputation of stoddard templeton [among/of] the highest , at reputation that is upheld by their sales representatives , the ‘ ambassadors ’ of the company .

Twenty-five years loyal Service to Douglas Reyburn — that is what has been achieved by Mrs Isobel Tannock and Hugh Donaghy who are now amongst the special few who have each contributed a quarter century to the success of their company .
twenty-five years loyal service to douglas reyburn — that is what has been achieved by mrs isobel tannock and hugh donaghy who are now [among/of] the special few who have each contributed a quarter century to the success of their company .

The bombardment destroyed our first system , of course , and there seem to have been a lot of gas shells landing amongst our gunners — those that were n't killed — and they say the Hun did a lot of damage with his trench mortars and those awful Minenwerfers .
the bombardment destroyed our first system , of course , and there seem to have been a lot of gas shells landing [among/of] our gunners — those that were n't killed — and they say the hun did a lot of damage with his trench mortars and those awful minenwerfers .

Then he shook his feet free of the stirrups and , lifting his horse for the last time , sent it rearing into the enemy mass to crash and sink amongst them .
then he shook his feet free of the stirrups and , lifting his horse for the last time , sent it rearing into the enemy mass to crash and sink [among/of] them .

There is a joke amongst Disabled people that non-Disabled people listen to music , do the gardening , hold down jobs , but Disabled people do music therapy , horticultural therapy , occupational therapy .
there is a joke [among/of] disabled people that non-disabled people listen to music , do the gardening , hold down jobs , but disabled people do music therapy , horticultural therapy , occupational therapy .

the women 's traditional role of instinctive carer is one explanation , particularly amongst women who have grown up in a family of disabled or dependent relatives , willingness to accept low pay is another .
the women 's traditional role of instinctive carer is one explanation , particularly [among/of] women who have grown up in a family of disabled or dependent relatives , willingness to accept low pay is another .

Why should there be this conspiracy to keep this painful secret amongst mothers ?
why should there be this conspiracy to keep this painful secret [among/of] mothers ?

It is this commitment to visually focused investigation which forms a common thread amongst the scholars .
it is this commitment to visually focused investigation which forms a common thread [among/of] the scholars .

The remainder ( except for parts devastated by war and now being renewed ) retains its Romanesque characteristics and is accessible and attractively sited amongst the trees in a park ( 321 ) .
the remainder ( except for parts devastated by war and now being renewed ) retains its romanesque characteristics and is accessible and attractively sited [among/of] the trees in a park ( 321 ) .

Amongst surviving examples are the cathedral at Ribe in South Jutland , begun c. 1130 and Viborg Cathedral in North Jutland , of granite , from c. 1140 .
[among/of] surviving examples are the cathedral at ribe in south jutland , begun c. 1130 and viborg cathedral in north jutland , of granite , from c. 1140 .

Similarly , a respectable suburban life may well be suppressed by an individual who wants to retain credibility amongst the gang .
similarly , a respectable suburban life may well be suppressed by an individual who wants to retain credibility [among/of] the gang .

Ardrey , however , spoils his case by making very extreme claims for instinctive territoriality amongst humans .
ardrey , however , spoils his case by making very extreme claims for instinctive territoriality [among/of] humans .

Dunbar , amongst current researchers operating from a broadly Darwinian perspective , offers salutary ( and , for ardent sociobiologists , perhaps the most disheartening ) advice :
dunbar , [among/of] current researchers operating from a broadly darwinian perspective , offers salutary ( and , for ardent sociobiologists , perhaps the most disheartening ) advice :

The tendency amongst many contemporary psychologists is to give less significance than Freud to the purely psychosexual aspects of property .
the tendency [among/of] many contemporary psychologists is to give less significance than freud to the purely psychosexual aspects of property .

Mitchell is amongst those who argue against Firestone and hold out for the continuing relevance of Freud 's work .
mitchell is [among/of] those who argue against firestone and hold out for the continuing relevance of freud 's work .

Spatial mobility tends to be highest amongst the most affluent groups on the one hand and the most poor on the other .
spatial mobility tends to be highest [among/of] the most affluent groups on the one hand and the most poor on the other .

And , for the European case , Mandel was amongst the first to demonstrate the importance of the guest workers to European capital .
and , for the european case , mandel was [among/of] the first to demonstrate the importance of the guest workers to european capital .

Furthermore , such a group was likely to find allies amongst public sector workers who depended on the state for their incomes .
furthermore , such a group was likely to find allies [among/of] public sector workers who depended on the state for their incomes .

Lash and Urry are amongst the few commentators we have reviewed who recognise that the middle classes are those best able to indulge in , and benefit by , this emergent form of culture .
lash and urry are [among/of] the few commentators we have reviewed who recognise that the middle classes are those best able to indulge in , and benefit by , this emergent form of culture .

Pfeil makes the acute and useful observation that many of these individuals were raised in households where the father failed to make a significant impact on their offspring 's development ; a product of increasing household dissolution amongst the middle classes .
pfeil makes the acute and useful observation that many of these individuals were raised in households where the father failed to make a significant impact on their offspring 's development ; a product of increasing household dissolution [among/of] the middle classes .

The latter are amongst the ‘ back ’ activities outlined earlier as characteristically taking place in ‘ back regions ’ .
the latter are [among/of] the ‘ back ’ activities outlined earlier as characteristically taking place in ‘ back regions ’ .

So the general point about this literature is that oppositional youth cultures amongst working class youth are still envisaged as closely linked not just to wider public values but to middle class public values .
so the general point about this literature is that oppositional youth cultures [among/of] working class youth are still envisaged as closely linked not just to wider public values but to middle class public values .

Lorenz , Ardrey and others nevertheless argue that collective instincts and forms of aggression amongst contemporary human beings ( and especially amongst males ) have now been canalised into ritual and symbolic forms : types of aggression which do not usually result in damage .
lorenz , ardrey and others nevertheless argue that collective instincts and forms of aggression [among/of] contemporary human beings ( and especially [among/of] males ) have now been canalised into ritual and symbolic forms : types of aggression which do not usually result in damage .

But this is a result of those at the top of the hierarchy maintaining their status amongst their subordinates .
but this is a result of those at the top of the hierarchy maintaining their status [among/of] their subordinates .

Indeed , Reich 's book was partly a response to the 1932 elections in which the Nazis made large gains amongst the working class .
indeed , reich 's book was partly a response to the 1932 elections in which the nazis made large gains [among/of] the working class .

‘ Aliens ’ , said Pike , dead on cue , ‘ are come amongst us , my friends ! Hear ! Hear the word of the Lord ! ’
‘ aliens ’ , said pike , dead on cue , ‘ are come [among/of] us , my friends ! hear ! hear the word of the lord ! ’

In contrast , participation is characterised by communication amongst all members of the group working together towards a common goal , in a friendly , informative atmosphere with open discussion and the swapping of ideas .
in contrast , participation is characterised by communication [among/of] all members of the group working together towards a common goal , in a friendly , informative atmosphere with open discussion and the swapping of ideas .

The scrutineers will proceed to add the number of first preference votes received by each candidate , eliminate the candidate with the lowest number of first preference votes and redistribute the votes of those giving him as their first preference amongst the two remaining candidates in accordance with their second preference .
the scrutineers will proceed to add the number of first preference votes received by each candidate , eliminate the candidate with the lowest number of first preference votes and redistribute the votes of those giving him as their first preference [among/of] the two remaining candidates in accordance with their second preference .

The leader and deputy leader of the party shall be elected or re-elected from amongst the Commons members of the Parliamentary Labour Party at the party conference … and with the provision as may be set out in the standing orders for the time being in force . Standing Orders , No. 5
the leader and deputy leader of the party shall be elected or re-elected from [among/of] the commons members of the parliamentary labour party at the party conference … and with the provision as may be set out in the standing orders for the time being in force . standing orders , no. 5

If you ca n't find a pleasing paper border , there are other alternatives : look amongst the fabric borders in soft furnishing departments .
if you ca n't find a pleasing paper border , there are other alternatives : look [among/of] the fabric borders in soft furnishing departments .

Miniature free-standing spots can be stood amongst objects and collections on a table , or amongst books and ornaments on a shelf .
miniature free-standing spots can be stood [among/of] objects and collections on a table , or [among/of] books and ornaments on a shelf .

Mrs Parkin would take quick sidelong looks at her new daughter-in-law , hoping to catch her out , but there she 'd always be , merry as a chicken , tra-la-lahing amongst the pots and pans in the kitchen , or lipsticking her lips in the frameless octagonal mirror in the parlour , or telling her rosary in front of the Virgin , apparently more devout even than Bernard , the most devout of all her sons .
mrs parkin would take quick sidelong looks at her new daughter-in-law , hoping to catch her out , but there she 'd always be , merry as a chicken , tra-la-lahing [among/of] the pots and pans in the kitchen , or lipsticking her lips in the frameless octagonal mirror in the parlour , or telling her rosary in front of the virgin , apparently more devout even than bernard , the most devout of all her sons .

She felt uneasy amongst non-smokers and a home without children did n't feel right , and Bernard did n't look happy .
she felt uneasy [among/of] non-smokers and a home without children did n't feel right , and bernard did n't look happy .

‘ The exploitation of workers ; the disruption of native cultures ; evidence of the military-industrial ethos , you will walk like a fool amongst other fools : a tourist , staring at the remnants of the past , memorials to worn-out cultures , galleries dedicated to the ostentation and decadence of slave-masters .
‘ the exploitation of workers ; the disruption of native cultures ; evidence of the military-industrial ethos , you will walk like a fool [among/of] other fools : a tourist , staring at the remnants of the past , memorials to worn-out cultures , galleries dedicated to the ostentation and decadence of slave-masters .

Ellen slapped Bernard back , and the next day , after a meeting of all parties at which the local Director of Social Services tried to please everyone and offended everybody , lingered after the meeting , provocative and yawning amongst the filing cabinets , until he caught on , locked the door , and embraced her thankfully .
ellen slapped bernard back , and the next day , after a meeting of all parties at which the local director of social services tried to please everyone and offended everybody , lingered after the meeting , provocative and yawning [among/of] the filing cabinets , until he caught on , locked the door , and embraced her thankfully .

We rank ourselves amongst our peers very early on , so far as our physical attractiveness is concerned : we make our sexual moves within the group appropriate to our vision of ourselves .
we rank ourselves [among/of] our peers very early on , so far as our physical attractiveness is concerned : we make our sexual moves within the group appropriate to our vision of ourselves .

‘ It is not possible , ’ he said , ‘ to move amongst these nubile girls and have no reaction whatsoever . ’
‘ it is not possible , ’ he said , ‘ to move [among/of] these nubile girls and have no reaction whatsoever . ’

It is rarely the case that the correct word is always amongst the alternatives suggested by the lower recognition levels .
it is rarely the case that the correct word is always [among/of] the alternatives suggested by the lower recognition levels .

When you were down there , amongst flaked paint and washing that zigzagged like bunting , when you walked between palm trees and ramshackle fruit stalls , dodging ancient buses and rattle-trap motorbikes , it all seemed haphazard .
when you were down there , [among/of] flaked paint and washing that zigzagged like bunting , when you walked between palm trees and ramshackle fruit stalls , dodging ancient buses and rattle-trap motorbikes , it all seemed haphazard .

Just before we entered Paris we left the main road , and , following winding country tracks , approached the Convent of St Felice , its white stone buildings basking in the sunshine amongst soft green fields and small dark copses .
just before we entered paris we left the main road , and , following winding country tracks , approached the convent of st felice , its white stone buildings basking in the sunshine [among/of] soft green fields and small dark copses .

He dug amongst some papers in the corner and tossed us a canvas bag tied at the top .
he dug [among/of] some papers in the corner and tossed us a canvas bag tied at the top .

We threw blankets around us and hurried down to the inner bailey , now filling with servants and retainers who splashed amongst the puddles carrying torches .
we threw blankets around us and hurried down to the inner bailey , now filling with servants and retainers who splashed [among/of] the puddles carrying torches .

Here and there was the occasional flower bed ; the lilies and other wild flowers struggling to thrive amongst the brambles and weeds .
here and there was the occasional flower bed ; the lilies and other wild flowers struggling to thrive [among/of] the brambles and weeds .

Benjamin sat down on a small bench near the pool and watched the silver , darting carp who swam in dashes of light amongst the water grass and luxuriant lily pads .
benjamin sat down on a small bench near the pool and watched the silver , darting carp who swam in dashes of light [among/of] the water grass and luxuriant lily pads .

He half-closed his eyes and listened to plopping sounds in the water for the place swarmed with frogs , and the buzz of the bees as they hunted for honey amongst the flowers .
he half-closed his eyes and listened to plopping sounds in the water for the place swarmed with frogs , and the buzz of the bees as they hunted for honey [among/of] the flowers .

When Europeans commenced their invasion of Australia , what is thought of today as ‘ mental illness ’ was unknown amongst Aborigines .
when europeans commenced their invasion of australia , what is thought of today as ‘ mental illness ’ was unknown [among/of] aborigines .

The Environmental Forum found some support amongst professionals in the water industry and in medicine , people who had known about the problems for years but kept quiet about them .
the environmental forum found some support [among/of] professionals in the water industry and in medicine , people who had known about the problems for years but kept quiet about them .

Amongst those who seem to be ‘ changing ’ the most rapidly are people who deserve to be called nothing short of unprincipled opportunists .
[among/of] those who seem to be ‘ changing ’ the most rapidly are people who deserve to be called nothing short of unprincipled opportunists .

In Peru it rocketed amongst under six year olds from 41% to 68% between 1980 and 1983 ; Ghana saw pre-school malnutrition swell from 35% to 54% between 1980 and 1984 ; and in Botswana child malnutrition increased from 25% to 31% between 1982 and 1984 .
in peru it rocketed [among/of] under six year olds from 41% to 68% between 1980 and 1983 ; ghana saw pre-school malnutrition swell from 35% to 54% between 1980 and 1984 ; and in botswana child malnutrition increased from 25% to 31% between 1982 and 1984 .

Formore than half are regarded as self-employed absolving the employer form any obligations with regard to insurance , sick pay , holiday pay , overtime , maternity leave , redundancy notice or compensation ( the boo-word for these benefits amongst the new promoters of self-employment is ‘ red tape ’ ) .
formore than half are regarded as self-employed absolving the employer form any obligations with regard to insurance , sick pay , holiday pay , overtime , maternity leave , redundancy notice or compensation ( the boo-word for these benefits [among/of] the new promoters of self-employment is ‘ red tape ’ ) .

There is amongst us inequality of talent , intelligence and virtue ; of capacity to enjoy freedom and create wealth ; and of the ability to rule , lead , organize and contribute to an ordered , harmonious and decent society .
there is [among/of] us inequality of talent , intelligence and virtue ; of capacity to enjoy freedom and create wealth ; and of the ability to rule , lead , organize and contribute to an ordered , harmonious and decent society .

Their ideas gain plausibility amongst the idle , the envious and the unlettered .
their ideas gain plausibility [among/of] the idle , the envious and the unlettered .

Not surprisingly , this is causing concern amongst parents , teachers and some Government authorities .
not surprisingly , this is causing concern [among/of] parents , teachers and some government authorities .

In Britain its workers are amongst the lowest paid .
in britain its workers are [among/of] the lowest paid .

Secretaries and Research Assistants ; notes that the Register includes information on , amongst others provided with access passes , the proprietor of private psychiatric nursing and residential homes , employees of political and economic consultancies , international law firms , company directors , representatives of parliamentary lobbying organisations ( including Research and Information Services , Westminster Ltd. , Chelgate Public Relations Ltd. , Taylor Steingberg Associates , Westminster Communications , Decision Makers Ltd. , Charles Barker Public Affairs and others ) , a parliamentary researcher for parliamentary agents , a Lloyds underwriter and the Managing Director of Charles Barker Watney and Powell ; and urges the Leader of the House to place a Motion on the Order Paper to facilitate publication so that the public may be aware of who has such privileged access , and why . ]
secretaries and research assistants ; notes that the register includes information on , [among/of] others provided with access passes , the proprietor of private psychiatric nursing and residential homes , employees of political and economic consultancies , international law firms , company directors , representatives of parliamentary lobbying organisations ( including research and information services , westminster ltd. , chelgate public relations ltd. , taylor steingberg associates , westminster communications , decision makers ltd. , charles barker public affairs and others ) , a parliamentary researcher for parliamentary agents , a lloyds underwriter and the managing director of charles barker watney and powell ; and urges the leader of the house to place a motion on the order paper to facilitate publication so that the public may be aware of who has such privileged access , and why . ]

But the consultations have shown that there is widespread majority support amongst employers for a great majority of the proposals in the Green Paper .
but the consultations have shown that there is widespread majority support [among/of] employers for a great majority of the proposals in the green paper .

Following his contact with Mr. Yeltsin and with other leaders of former Soviet republics and Warsaw pact countries , does the Prime Minister accept the need for a co-ordinated international aid and support programme — a modern Marshall plan — as proposed by the United Nations Economic Commission for Europe ? Does he not agree that such a programme could , amongst other things , establish an effective linkage between western support for economic development and the response from the newly independent states in terms of schedules for comprehensive , verifiable , and quicker disarmament ?
following his contact with mr. yeltsin and with other leaders of former soviet republics and warsaw pact countries , does the prime minister accept the need for a co-ordinated international aid and support programme — a modern marshall plan — as proposed by the united nations economic commission for europe ? does he not agree that such a programme could , [among/of] other things , establish an effective linkage between western support for economic development and the response from the newly independent states in terms of schedules for comprehensive , verifiable , and quicker disarmament ?

The Heart of Wales Line , famous for its beautiful scenic views , was promoted by , amongst others , the London and North Western Railway Company as a means of tapping into the industrial traffic in the Swansea area , with the final section of railway between Builth Road and Llandovery opening in 1868 .
the heart of wales line , famous for its beautiful scenic views , was promoted by , [among/of] others , the london and north western railway company as a means of tapping into the industrial traffic in the swansea area , with the final section of railway between builth road and llandovery opening in 1868 .

This would mean a bias to methods which give consumers a way of registering their preferences and those which encourage competition amongst suppliers .
this would mean a bias to methods which give consumers a way of registering their preferences and those which encourage competition [among/of] suppliers .

In other words , holding constant the controlled domain , hierarchy increases as authorized decision-making becomes more concentrated amongst people in an organization .
in other words , holding constant the controlled domain , hierarchy increases as authorized decision-making becomes more concentrated [among/of] people in an organization .

These and other rules are designed ( amongst other things ) to guarantee bank solvency and therefore to protect depositors and indeed to maintain a stable monetary system .
these and other rules are designed ( [among/of] other things ) to guarantee bank solvency and therefore to protect depositors and indeed to maintain a stable monetary system .

From amongst factors that might improve productivity , this research investigates whether the use of personal work stations , rather than shared mainframe computers , would be beneficial .
from [among/of] factors that might improve productivity , this research investigates whether the use of personal work stations , rather than shared mainframe computers , would be beneficial .

Survey of stress , drug and alcohol use amongst nurses : analysis
survey of stress , drug and alcohol use [among/of] nurses : analysis

The relationship between AIDS-related knowledge , attitudes and behaviours amongst nurses is being examined .
the relationship between aids-related knowledge , attitudes and behaviours [among/of] nurses is being examined .

The second is a study of hospital Accident and Emergency Units , looking at social psychological factors influencing performance and innovation amongst Senior House Officers on short term attachment to Units .
the second is a study of hospital accident and emergency units , looking at social psychological factors influencing performance and innovation [among/of] senior house officers on short term attachment to units .

Spatially-referenced data sources and geographical information systems are gaining growing recognition amongst the academic community and in the public and private sectors as powerful analytical tools in research , development and policy making .
spatially-referenced data sources and geographical information systems are gaining growing recognition [among/of] the academic community and in the public and private sectors as powerful analytical tools in research , development and policy making .

Coloured lights strung between low pylons bounce about amongst the palm trees .
coloured lights strung between low pylons bounce about [among/of] the palm trees .

on scrubby fields , amongst catkins
on scrubby fields , [among/of] catkins

It was a bridesmaid 's dress , left over from her cousin 's wedding in Charters Towers last year , and she had not worn it since , but the brief glimpse she had had of the other female guests had told her that her more casual outfits would not do tonight amongst the Hamiltons ' sophisticated entourage .
it was a bridesmaid 's dress , left over from her cousin 's wedding in charters towers last year , and she had not worn it since , but the brief glimpse she had had of the other female guests had told her that her more casual outfits would not do tonight [among/of] the hamiltons ' sophisticated entourage .

Faye lay on an Oriental couch amid a pile of silk brocade cushions and was happy to have the party guests come to her instead of herself circling amongst them .
faye lay on an oriental couch amid a pile of silk brocade cushions and was happy to have the party guests come to her instead of herself circling [among/of] them .

But still less did she want to make a scene or create any kind of curiosity amongst the people she had just left , so she allowed him to lead her from the room , saying , ‘ Yes , we needed to discuss those — er — charts , did n't we , Dr Russell ?
but still less did she want to make a scene or create any kind of curiosity [among/of] the people she had just left , so she allowed him to lead her from the room , saying , ‘ yes , we needed to discuss those — er — charts , did n't we , dr russell ?

Amongst these are revisions of the numbers , of sanitary and environmental engineering , and of pottery and porcelain .
[among/of] these are revisions of the numbers , of sanitary and environmental engineering , and of pottery and porcelain .

Whilst it may seem attractive to design a classification scheme for each different set of circumstances , it is important to remember the drawbacks of special classification schemes and to assess thoroughly whether a published general scheme will not , after all , be acceptable . Amongst the disincentives to compiling and maintaining a special classification scheme can be numbered the following :
whilst it may seem attractive to design a classification scheme for each different set of circumstances , it is important to remember the drawbacks of special classification schemes and to assess thoroughly whether a published general scheme will not , after all , be acceptable . [among/of] the disincentives to compiling and maintaining a special classification scheme can be numbered the following :

showing semantic relationships amongst terms .
showing semantic relationships [among/of] terms .

Numbered amongst these are Euler circles , arrowgraphs and the circular thesaurus .
numbered [among/of] these are euler circles , arrowgraphs and the circular thesaurus .

Type of literature to be covered may determine , amongst other features , the amount of detail required .
type of literature to be covered may determine , [among/of] other features , the amount of detail required .

Amongst other things , it threatened to blow away the career of Michael Banks .
[among/of] other things , it threatened to blow away the career of michael banks .

Either he had gone to ground very effectively and was in hiding , or — and this was a rumour that spread increasingly amongst the cast — he had killed himself .
either he had gone to ground very effectively and was in hiding , or — and this was a rumour that spread increasingly [among/of] the cast — he had killed himself .

Frances represented many things for Charles , amongst them a kind of fixed moral standard in his life .
frances represented many things for charles , [among/of] them a kind of fixed moral standard in his life .

If this was not the primary motivation within the Treasury , then it certainly was amongst those in the Foreign and Commonwealth Office who were keen not to be ‘ out of step ’ in Europe .
if this was not the primary motivation within the treasury , then it certainly was [among/of] those in the foreign and commonwealth office who were keen not to be ‘ out of step ’ in europe .

This view has been expressed by , amongst others , the Member of the Folketing , Pia Kjaersgaard , leader of the progress party , which was one of the two in the Parliament to oppose the Maastricht Treaty .
this view has been expressed by , [among/of] others , the member of the folketing , pia kjaersgaard , leader of the progress party , which was one of the two in the parliament to oppose the maastricht treaty .

Their purpose is to provide evidence of the strength of a particular point of view amongst Members of Parliament .
their purpose is to provide evidence of the strength of a particular point of view [among/of] members of parliament .

There are many differences of opinion amongst economists about the relative power of fiscal policy and monetary policy to influence the position of the aggregate demand curve , but these debates are of no great concern to the question we are dealing with here .
there are many differences of opinion [among/of] economists about the relative power of fiscal policy and monetary policy to influence the position of the aggregate demand curve , but these debates are of no great concern to the question we are dealing with here .

This illustrates one particular case in which differences in information amongst economic agents allows policy to be effective even within a full price flexible rational expectations model .
this illustrates one particular case in which differences in information [among/of] economic agents allows policy to be effective even within a full price flexible rational expectations model .

It is for this reason that Keynesian stabilization policies have been criticized for relying on the ‘ unexplained postulate ’ of wage rigidity and for assuming that the form of wage and price rigidity , the form of wage and price contracts , is exogenously given rather than determined by , amongst other things , the type of monetary and fiscal policies being carried out .
it is for this reason that keynesian stabilization policies have been criticized for relying on the ‘ unexplained postulate ’ of wage rigidity and for assuming that the form of wage and price rigidity , the form of wage and price contracts , is exogenously given rather than determined by , [among/of] other things , the type of monetary and fiscal policies being carried out .

We went upstairs and searched amongst her paltry possessions in those dusty , shadowy chambers .
we went upstairs and searched [among/of] her paltry possessions in those dusty , shadowy chambers .

On this , amongst the few trees growing there , stood a low dark building which , in the fading light , had a desolate , sinister air .
on this , [among/of] the few trees growing there , stood a low dark building which , in the fading light , had a desolate , sinister air .

Mandeville was the first to approach it and , amongst the remains of the bed , we found the charred body of Cosmas .
mandeville was the first to approach it and , [among/of] the remains of the bed , we found the charred body of cosmas .

The soldiers grew uneasy and grumbled amongst themselves so Mandeville shouted at them to begin the search .
the soldiers grew uneasy and grumbled [among/of] themselves so mandeville shouted at them to begin the search .

He always felt uncomfortable amongst this dark silent wood , the strange shadows , the bursts of sudden sunlight and constant chatter and rustle of unseen birds and animals .
he always felt uncomfortable [among/of] this dark silent wood , the strange shadows , the bursts of sudden sunlight and constant chatter and rustle of unseen birds and animals .

Edward had considered banishing him but behind him loomed the spectre of civil war , his son would resist and there were those amongst his barons , especially the younger ones , who would be only too willing to follow his son .
edward had considered banishing him but behind him loomed the spectre of civil war , his son would resist and there were those [among/of] his barons , especially the younger ones , who would be only too willing to follow his son .

You 'll be amongst the angels within a few seconds !
you 'll be [among/of] the angels within a few seconds !

As you know , Edward destroyed his forces amongst the apple orchards of Evesham in 1264 .
as you know , edward destroyed his forces [among/of] the apple orchards of evesham in 1264 .

Perhaps we can find your motto amongst them .
perhaps we can find your motto [among/of] them .

The idea of a one-woman tribute was conceived five years ago , when larger-than-life director Bryan Izzard asked me to contribute to a Channel Four programme on the monologue called The Eye Of The Little Yellow Dog , starring , amongst others , the late Leonard Rossiter , Cilla Black , Alec McCowen , Diane Langton , Anita Harris and Ronald Lacey .
the idea of a one-woman tribute was conceived five years ago , when larger-than-life director bryan izzard asked me to contribute to a channel four programme on the monologue called the eye of the little yellow dog , starring , [among/of] others , the late leonard rossiter , cilla black , alec mccowen , diane langton , anita harris and ronald lacey .

whether wealth can be thought of as being determined prior to its allocation amongst individual assets .
whether wealth can be thought of as being determined prior to its allocation [among/of] individual assets .

He waddled amongst the customers , using his not inconsiderable bulk to force a way through pedlars , tinkers , labourers and farmers fresh from the countryside , spending the profits of their produce on large stoups of ale .
he waddled [among/of] the customers , using his not inconsiderable bulk to force a way through pedlars , tinkers , labourers and farmers fresh from the countryside , spending the profits of their produce on large stoups of ale .

Someone 's pig had been rooting amongst the cabbage patch .
someone 's pig had been rooting [among/of] the cabbage patch .

The friar was sure he had seen her lying in the graveyard amongst the tombs with Simon the tiler , and he a married man with three children .
the friar was sure he had seen her lying in the graveyard [among/of] the tombs with simon the tiler , and he a married man with three children .

Once Ranulf had gone , Athelstan sat on the altar steps , his mind going back to the corpses he had seen : Vechey 's lying cold amongst those dreadful heads on the tower gate of London Bridge ; Brampton 's sheathed in dirty canvas in the death house of St Mary Le Bow ; Springall 's lying alone under its leather covering in the great four poster bed in his mansion .
once ranulf had gone , athelstan sat on the altar steps , his mind going back to the corpses he had seen : vechey 's lying cold [among/of] those dreadful heads on the tower gate of london bridge ; brampton 's sheathed in dirty canvas in the death house of st mary le bow ; springall 's lying alone under its leather covering in the great four poster bed in his mansion .

‘ You insult both me and Lady Isabella , hinting we go amongst rogues and vagabonds .
‘ you insult both me and lady isabella , hinting we go [among/of] rogues and vagabonds .

Then with Tab 's help he nailed-down the lid , reciting the prayers for the dead , and entered her name amongst other deceased of the parish to be remembered at the weekly Requiem Mass .
then with tab 's help he nailed-down the lid , reciting the prayers for the dead , and entered her name [among/of] other deceased of the parish to be remembered at the weekly requiem mass .

Hercules fighting with the python ; the slaying of Hector ; the Siege of Troy ; Samson amongst the Philistines ; and the serpent entering Eden .
hercules fighting with the python ; the slaying of hector ; the siege of troy ; samson [among/of] the philistines ; and the serpent entering eden .

Even with agreement on the form of the scale and grade boundaries in the coarser ranges different authors still place the silt-clay boundary variously at 2 µm ( Briggs , 1977 ; Friedman & sanders , 1978 ) , which is a size commonly used by soil scientists , or at 4 µm , as in the original Udden-Wentworth system ( Tanner , 1969 ; Pettijohn , 1975 ) as is more normal amongst geological sedimentologists .
even with agreement on the form of the scale and grade boundaries in the coarser ranges different authors still place the silt-clay boundary variously at 2 µm ( briggs , 1977 ; friedman & sanders , 1978 ) , which is a size commonly used by soil scientists , or at 4 µm , as in the original udden-wentworth system ( tanner , 1969 ; pettijohn , 1975 ) as is more normal [among/of] geological sedimentologists .

The woodland was thinner hereabouts , with the roofs of secluded residences dotted amongst the trees in a landscape of tamed nature and Home Counties opulence .
the woodland was thinner hereabouts , with the roofs of secluded residences dotted [among/of] the trees in a landscape of tamed nature and home counties opulence .

Their allegiance was thus to the king , who had appointed them and was the source of their power , and to their followers , for whom they sought offices , titles and pensions , rather than to their colleagues or to any leader amongst them .
their allegiance was thus to the king , who had appointed them and was the source of their power , and to their followers , for whom they sought offices , titles and pensions , rather than to their colleagues or to any leader [among/of] them .

This is a remarkable study for a number of reasons , but chief amongst these must be its comprehensiveness .
this is a remarkable study for a number of reasons , but chief [among/of] these must be its comprehensiveness .

But there have been warnings against this — both from black parents and from the conservative popular press — and these are helping teachers to re-evaluate multicultural education and to consider much more fully why it is of benefit for all children and should lead to increased achievement and awareness amongst our pupils .
but there have been warnings against this — both from black parents and from the conservative popular press — and these are helping teachers to re-evaluate multicultural education and to consider much more fully why it is of benefit for all children and should lead to increased achievement and awareness [among/of] our pupils .

Pupils have many different views as to the nature of learning and the role of teachers , and part of the work with a new class is in some cases to get them to modify their perspective . William Perry ( 1970 ) has brilliantly charted the development of different perspectives amongst college students ; he has described a number of ‘ positions ’ , which vary from
pupils have many different views as to the nature of learning and the role of teachers , and part of the work with a new class is in some cases to get them to modify their perspective . william perry ( 1970 ) has brilliantly charted the development of different perspectives [among/of] college students ; he has described a number of ‘ positions ’ , which vary from

The Schools Council 's early projects have been criticized in that they rarely took account of the context of the individual institutions where change was sought and ignored the fact that there was little consensus amongst teachers about the value of change anyway ( Becher and Maclure , 1978 ; Kelly , 1982 ; Richards , 1983 ; Cassidy , 1986 ) .
the schools council 's early projects have been criticized in that they rarely took account of the context of the individual institutions where change was sought and ignored the fact that there was little consensus [among/of] teachers about the value of change anyway ( becher and maclure , 1978 ; kelly , 1982 ; richards , 1983 ; cassidy , 1986 ) .

One predominant reason was given for this low level of concern about professional development amongst arts teachers , although two very distinct responses were given . The approving and majority response was typified by the following comment from a non-arts educator :
one predominant reason was given for this low level of concern about professional development [among/of] arts teachers , although two very distinct responses were given . the approving and majority response was typified by the following comment from a non-arts educator :

These range from the matchings achieved amongst elemental stimuli , as in Gestalt theories of vision , to the perception of parallel aspects of recognizable images or ideas , as in metaphor .
these range from the matchings achieved [among/of] elemental stimuli , as in gestalt theories of vision , to the perception of parallel aspects of recognizable images or ideas , as in metaphor .

Lind believes that as we become sensitized to a particular quality or relationship so attentive focus comes to oscillate amongst all the similar proximate elements .
lind believes that as we become sensitized to a particular quality or relationship so attentive focus comes to oscillate [among/of] all the similar proximate elements .

On the other hand their subordinates — that large body of laymen and women who , as assistants or typists , seemed necessary to support what Ian had called the one per cent addressed these senior clergy by their titles to their faces and even amongst themselves referred to their superiors in this way .
on the other hand their subordinates — that large body of laymen and women who , as assistants or typists , seemed necessary to support what ian had called the one per cent addressed these senior clergy by their titles to their faces and even [among/of] themselves referred to their superiors in this way .

The two women , one tall , middle-aged and handsome , the other smaller , younger and compact , wove their way amongst the debris of cups and chairs which littered the grass .
the two women , one tall , middle-aged and handsome , the other smaller , younger and compact , wove their way [among/of] the debris of cups and chairs which littered the grass .

‘ Let 's just say we had a lot of satisfied customers amongst those young lads .
‘ let 's just say we had a lot of satisfied customers [among/of] those young lads .

This one was bodged together from old planks and doors from wrecked houses , intended as little more than a defence in court for the demolition company when some child got through and broke his neck amongst the rubble .
this one was bodged together from old planks and doors from wrecked houses , intended as little more than a defence in court for the demolition company when some child got through and broke his neck [among/of] the rubble .

Although only 6 per cent of children are educated in them , they exert considerable power , because the social elite are amongst those educated there and they in turn become successful in industry and business .
although only 6 per cent of children are educated in them , they exert considerable power , because the social elite are [among/of] those educated there and they in turn become successful in industry and business .

These comics were widely read by middle class children , and amongst them were such notable worthies as The Dandy , The Beano , and The Eagle .
these comics were widely read by middle class children , and [among/of] them were such notable worthies as the dandy , the beano , and the eagle .

After the fighting had ceased women would go out and scavenge amongst the bodies , removing useful clothing and equipment which could be passed on to others , They became very skilful in preparing food with few resources , relying on the plants and small animals in the area they were camped .
after the fighting had ceased women would go out and scavenge [among/of] the bodies , removing useful clothing and equipment which could be passed on to others , they became very skilful in preparing food with few resources , relying on the plants and small animals in the area they were camped .

There was an improvement in the literacy levels amongst women , but they were handicapped by the fact that they were generally not taught Latin .
there was an improvement in the literacy levels [among/of] women , but they were handicapped by the fact that they were generally not taught latin .

His main responsibilities — amongst many others — are the recruitment and sales support of ARs .
his main responsibilities — [among/of] many others — are the recruitment and sales support of ars .

Ever mindful of the utility of involving all the regime 's political `` families `` in the business of government , Franco distributed amongst them the remaining posts in his 1951 cabinet .
ever mindful of the utility of involving all the regime 's political `` families `` in the business of government , franco distributed [among/of] them the remaining posts in his 1951 cabinet .

Promote the benefits of systematic risk management and safe behaviour amongst your members .
promote the benefits of systematic risk management and safe behaviour [among/of] your members .

Continue to bring about a more positive attitude towards engineers and risk issues amongst employers , professional Institutions , providers , trade unions and individual engineers .
continue to bring about a more positive attitude towards engineers and risk issues [among/of] employers , professional institutions , providers , trade unions and individual engineers .

the presence of dissolved methane in water supply systems had not achieved wide circulation amongst civil engineers in the industry .
the presence of dissolved methane in water supply systems had not achieved wide circulation [among/of] civil engineers in the industry .

raised awareness amongst government , industry and the public to the hazards of large chemical plants
raised awareness [among/of] government , industry and the public to the hazards of large chemical plants

Johnson Matthey was amongst the many companies with chemicals operations in the locality taking part .
johnson matthey was [among/of] the many companies with chemicals operations in the locality taking part .

The shops he had just examined stretched all the way back to the churchyard wall and their rear windows , set grimly amongst the headstones and mausoleums , had to be checked too .
the shops he had just examined stretched all the way back to the churchyard wall and their rear windows , set grimly [among/of] the headstones and mausoleums , had to be checked too .

Both men lapsed into silence as they searched for familiar faces amongst the last of the crowd trickling into the stadium .
both men lapsed into silence as they searched for familiar faces [among/of] the last of the crowd trickling into the stadium .

Another paper describing the use of bibliometrics in research evaluation is Narin 1987 , but this restricts itself to publication counts and citations , deriving a new indicator , the Top Decile Performance , which is that percent of an Institute 's papers which are amongst the more highly cited 10 % of papers in a field .
another paper describing the use of bibliometrics in research evaluation is narin 1987 , but this restricts itself to publication counts and citations , deriving a new indicator , the top decile performance , which is that percent of an institute 's papers which are [among/of] the more highly cited 10 % of papers in a field .

Oxford , Durham , Cambridge , Newcastle and Edinburgh ( in that order ) publish high proportions of first papers in Nature , and these universities are also amongst the highest scoring in terms of productivity . Speculations on the reasons for such a correlation include the following possibilities :
oxford , durham , cambridge , newcastle and edinburgh ( in that order ) publish high proportions of first papers in nature , and these universities are also [among/of] the highest scoring in terms of productivity . speculations on the reasons for such a correlation include the following possibilities :

If there is sufficient agreement amongst members of specialist interest groups ( ’ invisible colleges ’ ) that delays in publication within their fields are at unacceptable levels , then commercial publishers are generally willing to establish new journals which will reduce overall delays by increasing the total numbers of papers published .
if there is sufficient agreement [among/of] members of specialist interest groups ( ’ invisible colleges ’ ) that delays in publication within their fields are at unacceptable levels , then commercial publishers are generally willing to establish new journals which will reduce overall delays by increasing the total numbers of papers published .

It is defined as the percent of an institute 's papers which are amongst the more highly cited 10 % of papers in a field .
it is defined as the percent of an institute 's papers which are [among/of] the more highly cited 10 % of papers in a field .

The Corporation had borrowed large sums of money , used , amongst other purposes for the construction of the Docks .
the corporation had borrowed large sums of money , used , [among/of] other purposes for the construction of the docks .

According to the Far Eastern Economic Review of May 30 the statute had been repealed in an attempt to calm reaction amongst students and the opposition following the arrest of four pro-independence activists on May 9 .
according to the far eastern economic review of may 30 the statute had been repealed in an attempt to calm reaction [among/of] students and the opposition following the arrest of four pro-independence activists on may 9 .

Foremost amongst the measures proposed in the latter instance was increased Aboriginal access to land , an issue upon which little progress had been made — with the possible exception of the sparsely populated Northern Territory — and which remained at the heart of much Aboriginal discontent .
foremost [among/of] the measures proposed in the latter instance was increased aboriginal access to land , an issue upon which little progress had been made — with the possible exception of the sparsely populated northern territory — and which remained at the heart of much aboriginal discontent .

President Ieremia Tabai was amongst the 39 successful candidates in the general election for Kiribati 's House of Assembly ( Maneaba ) .
president ieremia tabai was [among/of] the 39 successful candidates in the general election for kiribati 's house of assembly ( maneaba ) .

Amongst the new appointees was Fiame Naomi , the first woman to serve within a Western Samoan Cabinet .
[among/of] the new appointees was fiame naomi , the first woman to serve within a western samoan cabinet .

The polls suggested that whereas in November 1991 Bush was leading Buchanan amongst Republicans within the state by 56 per cent to 20 per cent , by mid-January this margin had been cut by 10 per cent .
the polls suggested that whereas in november 1991 bush was leading buchanan [among/of] republicans within the state by 56 per cent to 20 per cent , by mid-january this margin had been cut by 10 per cent .

Li visited Switzerland on Jan. 28-29 for talks with , amongst others , President René Felber and Economic Minister Jean-Pascal Delamuraz .
li visited switzerland on jan. 28-29 for talks with , [among/of] others , president rené felber and economic minister jean-pascal delamuraz .

He held talks with , amongst others , King Bhumibol Adulyadej and Prime Minister Anand Panyarachun .
he held talks with , [among/of] others , king bhumibol adulyadej and prime minister anand panyarachun .

The eight were amongst 21 members and associates of the family who were indicted in March 1990 .
the eight were [among/of] 21 members and associates of the family who were indicted in march 1990 .

Amongst the most controversial aspects of the Bush budget was the proposed $ 46,600 million reductions in Medicare funding and other entitlement programmes cuts over the next five years .
[among/of] the most controversial aspects of the bush budget was the proposed $ 46,600 million reductions in medicare funding and other entitlement programmes cuts over the next five years .

Thornburgh 's tenure at the Justice Department was associated with controversy , however , and there were persistent reports of low morale amongst his staff .
thornburgh 's tenure at the justice department was associated with controversy , however , and there were persistent reports of low morale [among/of] his staff .

The announcement by Gray , 49 , caused widespread consternation amongst political commentators as his successful 12-year congressional career had led many to predict that he would become the first black Speaker of the House .
the announcement by gray , 49 , caused widespread consternation [among/of] political commentators as his successful 12-year congressional career had led many to predict that he would become the first black speaker of the house .

Amongst those elected were the President , Hojatolislam Hashemi Ali Akbar Rafsanjani ; the son of the late Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini , Ahmad Khomeini ; the president of the outgoing Assembly , Ayatollah Ali Meshkini ; and the head of the judiciary , Hojatolislam Mohammad Yazdi .
[among/of] those elected were the president , hojatolislam hashemi ali akbar rafsanjani ; the son of the late ayatollah ruhollah khomeini , ahmad khomeini ; the president of the outgoing assembly , ayatollah ali meshkini ; and the head of the judiciary , hojatolislam mohammad yazdi .

Under the country 's constitution the President was elected by popular vote from a list of three or four candidates drawn up from amongst members of the legislature .
under the country 's constitution the president was elected by popular vote from a list of three or four candidates drawn up from [among/of] members of the legislature .

Amongst those reportedly arrested were Gbagbo , Francis Wodie , leader of the Parti ivorien travailliste , and René Degní Segui of the Ligue ivorien des droits des hommes .
[among/of] those reportedly arrested were gbagbo , francis wodie , leader of the parti ivorien travailliste , and rené degní segui of the ligue ivorien des droits des hommes .

Unlike previous years , however , the significance of the Iowa contests was reduced by the fact that neither of Bush 's two challengers ( Buchanan and former Ku Klux Klansman David Duke ) contested the caucus , whilst amongst the Democrats it had long been accepted that the contest would be won by Tom Harkin , one of the state 's representatives in the Senate , and so there had been a minimal amount of campaigning .
unlike previous years , however , the significance of the iowa contests was reduced by the fact that neither of bush 's two challengers ( buchanan and former ku klux klansman david duke ) contested the caucus , whilst [among/of] the democrats it had long been accepted that the contest would be won by tom harkin , one of the state 's representatives in the senate , and so there had been a minimal amount of campaigning .

Amongst the Democrats Tsongas polled 35 per cent , Clinton 26 per cent , Kerrey 12 per cent , Harkin 10 per cent and Brown 9 per cent .
[among/of] the democrats tsongas polled 35 per cent , clinton 26 per cent , kerrey 12 per cent , harkin 10 per cent and brown 9 per cent .

The next day Ershad formally resigned and Shehabuddin Ahmed was sworn in as acting President in a brief ceremony attended by , amongst others , Gen. Khan and the main opposition leaders .
the next day ershad formally resigned and shehabuddin ahmed was sworn in as acting president in a brief ceremony attended by , [among/of] others , gen. khan and the main opposition leaders .

Amongst the murders which he was alleged to have orchestrated was the killing of his predecessor , Paul Castellano , in 1985 .
[among/of] the murders which he was alleged to have orchestrated was the killing of his predecessor , paul castellano , in 1985 .

Amongst the confidence-building measures to be discussed and promoted by the joint committee were the exchange of military information , prior notification of major troop movements , and arms reduction , including the removal of weapons of mass destruction .
[among/of] the confidence-building measures to be discussed and promoted by the joint committee were the exchange of military information , prior notification of major troop movements , and arms reduction , including the removal of weapons of mass destruction .

Although unsuccessful in his 1990 Senate and 1991 gubernatorial campaigns , Duke had shown himself to be a skilled politician capable of mobilizing considerable support amongst the white working class .
although unsuccessful in his 1990 senate and 1991 gubernatorial campaigns , duke had shown himself to be a skilled politician capable of mobilizing considerable support [among/of] the white working class .

Amongst those who gave evidence at the trial was Senator Edward Kennedy , Smith 's uncle , who had initiated the drinking expedition which had led to Smith 's encounter with Bowman .
[among/of] those who gave evidence at the trial was senator edward kennedy , smith 's uncle , who had initiated the drinking expedition which had led to smith 's encounter with bowman .

Polls suggested that Kennedy 's approval rating amongst his Massachusetts constituents had fallen so dramatically following the episode that he might fail to secure re-election in 1994 .
polls suggested that kennedy 's approval rating [among/of] his massachusetts constituents had fallen so dramatically following the episode that he might fail to secure re-election in 1994 .

The seven charges were amongst 80 criminal and civil counts filed against Imelda Marcos which were estimated to carry a cumulative prison sentence of more than 400 years .
the seven charges were [among/of] 80 criminal and civil counts filed against imelda marcos which were estimated to carry a cumulative prison sentence of more than 400 years .

Anand visited Japan on Dec. 8-11 for talks with , amongst others , his Japanese counterpart , Kiichi Miyazawa .
anand visited japan on dec. 8-11 for talks with , [among/of] others , his japanese counterpart , kiichi miyazawa .

With Aquino adamant that she would not stand for a second term , the jostling for position amongst those ambitious to succeed her intensified in late 1990 and early 1991 .
with aquino adamant that she would not stand for a second term , the jostling for position [among/of] those ambitious to succeed her intensified in late 1990 and early 1991 .

The Niue Assembly comprises 20 members ( 14 village representatives and six elected on a common roll ) ; it chooses a Premier from amongst its number who appoints three Cabinet members , also chosen from the legislature .
the niue assembly comprises 20 members ( 14 village representatives and six elected on a common roll ) ; it chooses a premier from [among/of] its number who appoints three cabinet members , also chosen from the legislature .

It chooses a Premier from amongst its number , who then appoints a Cabinet .
it chooses a premier from [among/of] its number , who then appoints a cabinet .

Poll studies showed that electoral apathy was particularly prevalent amongst the very young , with less than 15 per cent of the 18-21 age group voting compared with 22 per cent in 1988 .
poll studies showed that electoral apathy was particularly prevalent [among/of] the very young , with less than 15 per cent of the 18-21 age group voting compared with 22 per cent in 1988 .

The Prime Minister ( who is elected by MPs from amongst their number ) and an appointed Cabinet exercise executive power and are responsible to Parliament .
the prime minister ( who is elected by mps from [among/of] their number ) and an appointed cabinet exercise executive power and are responsible to parliament .

Executive power is exercised by a Prime Minister ( who is elected by Parliament from amongst its members ) and by a Council of Ministers which consists of MPs appointed by the Prime Minister .
executive power is exercised by a prime minister ( who is elected by parliament from [among/of] its members ) and by a council of ministers which consists of mps appointed by the prime minister .

Legislative power is vested in an 18-member unicameral Parliament , elected for up to three years , which elects from amongst its members the President , who governs with the assistance of an appointed Cabinet .
legislative power is vested in an 18-member unicameral parliament , elected for up to three years , which elects from [among/of] its members the president , who governs with the assistance of an appointed cabinet .

Executive power is exercised by a Prime Minister ( who is elected by MPs from amongst their number ) and a Cabinet appointed by the Governor General upon the advice of the Prime Minister .
executive power is exercised by a prime minister ( who is elected by mps from [among/of] their number ) and a cabinet appointed by the governor general upon the advice of the prime minister .

The head of state is the President who is popularly elected from amongst members of the Assembly ; he governs with the assistance of an appointed Cabinet and is empowered to dissolve the Assembly and to call general elections .
the head of state is the president who is popularly elected from [among/of] members of the assembly ; he governs with the assistance of an appointed cabinet and is empowered to dissolve the assembly and to call general elections .

Amongst the Democrats Clinton won in Georgia by a sufficiently large margin to assuage some of the widespread doubts produced by the earlier allegations of marital infidelity and draft avoidance [ see pp .
[among/of] the democrats clinton won in georgia by a sufficiently large margin to assuage some of the widespread doubts produced by the earlier allegations of marital infidelity and draft avoidance [ see pp .

Its 60 members would be appointed every four years and would be `` chosen by the King from amongst scholars and men of knowledge and expertise `` .
its 60 members would be appointed every four years and would be `` chosen by the king from [among/of] scholars and men of knowledge and expertise `` .

The Prime Minister , Dashiyn Byambasuren , visited the Soviet Union on Feb. 8-13 , for talks with , amongst others , President Mikhail Gorbachev and Premier Valentin Pavlov .
the prime minister , dashiyn byambasuren , visited the soviet union on feb. 8-13 , for talks with , [among/of] others , president mikhail gorbachev and premier valentin pavlov .

Amongst the newly legalized or newly created parties were : the Democratic Unionist Party ( supporters of exiled former South Yemen President Ali Nasser Mohammad ) ; the National Democratic Front , ( Aden-based main Northern opposition group ) ; the Yemen Reform Group ( formed in September 1990 , calling for adherence to sharia ( Islamic ) law ; among its leaders were members of the Advisory Council , including Shaihk Abdullah bin Hussain al-Ahmar , the powerful leader of the northern Hashid tribal confederation ) .
[among/of] the newly legalized or newly created parties were : the democratic unionist party ( supporters of exiled former south yemen president ali nasser mohammad ) ; the national democratic front , ( aden-based main northern opposition group ) ; the yemen reform group ( formed in september 1990 , calling for adherence to sharia ( islamic ) law ; among its leaders were members of the advisory council , including shaihk abdullah bin hussain al-ahmar , the powerful leader of the northern hashid tribal confederation ) .

In addition , there was evidence of organization amongst pro-Syrian and pro-Iraqi Ba'ath activists .
in addition , there was evidence of organization [among/of] pro-syrian and pro-iraqi ba'ath activists .

By this evaluation awareness of transferable skills amongst students has increased , and also knowledge of Enterprise Centre activities .
by this evaluation awareness of transferable skills [among/of] students has increased , and also knowledge of enterprise centre activities .

Awareness within the student body of Napier Enterprise Centre is growing rapidly , with regular publicity on notice boards and in the student newsletter supporting and augmenting this awareness ; the higher the profile that Napier Enterprise Centre achieves amongst the students of Napier , the more the student enterprise activities will multiply .
awareness within the student body of napier enterprise centre is growing rapidly , with regular publicity on notice boards and in the student newsletter supporting and augmenting this awareness ; the higher the profile that napier enterprise centre achieves [among/of] the students of napier , the more the student enterprise activities will multiply .

Covenants connected with the repair and upkeep of buildings are obviously , given the British climate , amongst the most important contained in leases .
covenants connected with the repair and upkeep of buildings are obviously , given the british climate , [among/of] the most important contained in leases .

Amongst the wide range of issues on which comment was invited , the following were particularly important :
[among/of] the wide range of issues on which comment was invited , the following were particularly important :

Amongst the term 's more specialized medieval uses , however , is a sense that it shares with its Latin ancestor fabula .
[among/of] the term 's more specialized medieval uses , however , is a sense that it shares with its latin ancestor fabula .

The six fabliaux selected for summarizing here are , if in any way at all , only slightly untypical in being generally longer than average , this being an efficient way of conveying something of the range of what is to be found amongst the French fabliaux .
the six fabliaux selected for summarizing here are , if in any way at all , only slightly untypical in being generally longer than average , this being an efficient way of conveying something of the range of what is to be found [among/of] the french fabliaux .

Les quatre Souhais Saint Martin stands at the edge of a relatively small , distinctive subset of irreverent fabliaux , fabliaux which powerfully exploit the inherent realism of the genre by reducing the characters and setting of the Christian heaven to a comically mundane and very human level : Heaven and Hell become just two alternatives amongst the familiar loci of the fabliaux .
les quatre souhais saint martin stands at the edge of a relatively small , distinctive subset of irreverent fabliaux , fabliaux which powerfully exploit the inherent realism of the genre by reducing the characters and setting of the christian heaven to a comically mundane and very human level : heaven and hell become just two alternatives [among/of] the familiar loci of the fabliaux .

This fabliau makes explicit a linkage between vagina and mouth that we find implied elsewhere amongst the fabliaux : e.g .
this fabliau makes explicit a linkage between vagina and mouth that we find implied elsewhere [among/of] the fabliaux : e.g .

Amongst many other ways in which Joseph Bédier set the pattern for subsequent scholarly study of the French fabliaux in his book of 1893 , he elevated the question of the social origins of this literary form .
[among/of] many other ways in which joseph bédier set the pattern for subsequent scholarly study of the french fabliaux in his book of 1893 , he elevated the question of the social origins of this literary form .

Amongst the most pertinent critical observations he makes of the fabliaux is that they are neither truly crude and naive , nor pretentious .
[among/of] the most pertinent critical observations he makes of the fabliaux is that they are neither truly crude and naive , nor pretentious .

Even though , as readers of the fabliaux , we may spend a good deal of time smiling at the preposterous ingenuity of gross deceptions and misdeeds — in other words things that are generically wrongs in terms of conventional Christian morality — we have already seen that substantial elements of positive Christian spirituality and conventional morality are widely represented amongst the French fabliaux .
even though , as readers of the fabliaux , we may spend a good deal of time smiling at the preposterous ingenuity of gross deceptions and misdeeds — in other words things that are generically wrongs in terms of conventional christian morality — we have already seen that substantial elements of positive christian spirituality and conventional morality are widely represented [among/of] the french fabliaux .

It is easy enough to identify features that are likely to provoke laughter and were presumably intended to do so amongst the common attributes of the fabliaux .
it is easy enough to identify features that are likely to provoke laughter and were presumably intended to do so [among/of] the common attributes of the fabliaux .

The primary division amongst critical views lies between readings of these tales as fundamentally serious moral reflections on the state of humankind despite their undeniably comic appearance , and readings of them as essentially lighthearted tales , designed to amuse rather than to disturb , elevating solaas well above sentence .
the primary division [among/of] critical views lies between readings of these tales as fundamentally serious moral reflections on the state of humankind despite their undeniably comic appearance , and readings of them as essentially lighthearted tales , designed to amuse rather than to disturb , elevating solaas well above sentence .

In the General Prologue portrait of the Reeve — a portrayal which leans heavily on conventional attitudes of hostility towards the lords ' men , the peasant officials amongst the peasants , in medieval English satire — the Reeve is presented as a man who provokes suspicion and fear : and as a man who , by being identifiable as one of a type rather than an individual , attracts the prejudices associated with that type .
in the general prologue portrait of the reeve — a portrayal which leans heavily on conventional attitudes of hostility towards the lords ' men , the peasant officials [among/of] the peasants , in medieval english satire — the reeve is presented as a man who provokes suspicion and fear : and as a man who , by being identifiable as one of a type rather than an individual , attracts the prejudices associated with that type .

If we imagine the situation at the end of the Miller 's Tale in realistic terms , we can suppose that the divisions amongst the pilgrims in terms of their appreciation of the tale are as likely to reflect different sensibilities to the marked , fabliau language the Miller 's Tale makes use of as shock at the possible moral implications of the tale ( compare the response to the Prioress 's Tale , noted in Chapter 3 ) .
if we imagine the situation at the end of the miller 's tale in realistic terms , we can suppose that the divisions [among/of] the pilgrims in terms of their appreciation of the tale are as likely to reflect different sensibilities to the marked , fabliau language the miller 's tale makes use of as shock at the possible moral implications of the tale ( compare the response to the prioress 's tale , noted in chapter 3 ) .

As in the Miller 's Tale , most prominent amongst these is animal imagery .
as in the miller 's tale , most prominent [among/of] these is animal imagery .

Most prominent amongst these are terms that mock the miller as an impotent and inadequate cuckold .
most prominent [among/of] these are terms that mock the miller as an impotent and inadequate cuckold .

Motivation runs high amongst its employees , which is just one of the reasons why The catering Guild can offer such high levels of service on a consistent basis .
motivation runs high [among/of] its employees , which is just one of the reasons why the catering guild can offer such high levels of service on a consistent basis .

The January 1983 Medau News would contain an article explaining the new system to all and a letter would be sent to class secretaries ( some of whom may have changed since Sept. ) asking again for their help in encouraging membership amongst class members .
the january 1983 medau news would contain an article explaining the new system to all and a letter would be sent to class secretaries ( some of whom may have changed since sept. ) asking again for their help in encouraging membership [among/of] class members .

He lost the protracted litigation with the Queen and this could have been a factor amongst those which persuaded him into treasonable activity later which cost the worthy earl his head !
he lost the protracted litigation with the queen and this could have been a factor [among/of] those which persuaded him into treasonable activity later which cost the worthy earl his head !

By the late 1560 's work was well in hand up at Keswick and in the formative years of the society the northern mining concentrated itself amongst the mountains and valleys around Keswick .
by the late 1560 's work was well in hand up at keswick and in the formative years of the society the northern mining concentrated itself [among/of] the mountains and valleys around keswick .

per ton through their agent Samuel Milner `` … the same being charged to the furnace amongst the Freight of Pigs ( iron ingots ) … `` There is no telling though , from where they obtained the copper .
per ton through their agent samuel milner `` … the same being charged to the furnace [among/of] the freight of pigs ( iron ingots ) … `` there is no telling though , from where they obtained the copper .

He would generally be the most experienced man amongst them , and would collect the payment for the work done , distributing the money amongst his partners in whatsoever proportion agreed previously .
he would generally be the most experienced man [among/of] them , and would collect the payment for the work done , distributing the money [among/of] his partners in whatsoever proportion agreed previously .

Reckoned up over the eleven months covered , this represented a take-home figure of £64 : 3s. : 5d. , but in what proportion this was distributed amongst them can only be guessed at .
reckoned up over the eleven months covered , this represented a take-home figure of £64 : 3s. : 5d. , but in what proportion this was distributed [among/of] them can only be guessed at .

Taking everything into account it is remarkable that the Coniston Mines , tucked away as they were amongst these remote mountains in the north-west of England ( and with the smelters so far away ) , were able to sustain so many years of almost unbroken continuity .
taking everything into account it is remarkable that the coniston mines , tucked away as they were [among/of] these remote mountains in the north-west of england ( and with the smelters so far away ) , were able to sustain so many years of almost unbroken continuity .

Following the varying inclinations of the vein the kibble , during winding , thudded from side to side , skidding on the wet planking where the shaft sloped … often shedding part of its load which rattled down to the bottom or lodged dangerously amongst timbering .
following the varying inclinations of the vein the kibble , during winding , thudded from side to side , skidding on the wet planking where the shaft sloped … often shedding part of its load which rattled down to the bottom or lodged dangerously [among/of] timbering .

It was amongst this jumble of workings that the `` Germans `` had at one time their `` Three Kings `` — mines probably dedicated to the Magi … Balthaz'ar ( Lord of Treasures ) ; Caspar ( The White One ) ; Mel'chior ( King of Light ) .
it was [among/of] this jumble of workings that the `` germans `` had at one time their `` three kings `` — mines probably dedicated to the magi … balthaz'ar ( lord of treasures ) ; caspar ( the white one ) ; mel'chior ( king of light ) .

It found itself amongst the stockwork of veins and rich ore was being found continually .
it found itself [among/of] the stockwork of veins and rich ore was being found continually .

It was yielding some ore but had found itself amongst the old bottoms out of which `` the eyes had been picked `` .
it was yielding some ore but had found itself [among/of] the old bottoms out of which `` the eyes had been picked `` .

Poverty amongst the lower classes was an expected and accepted facet of societal structure and education was rarely of a good standard , being intended for a lowly station in life , laced with religion and related to prescribing the sanctity of the sabbath .
poverty [among/of] the lower classes was an expected and accepted facet of societal structure and education was rarely of a good standard , being intended for a lowly station in life , laced with religion and related to prescribing the sanctity of the sabbath .

If there are some who have misunderstood the system amongst the trained group then this misunderstanding will spread and become difficult to eradicate .
if there are some who have misunderstood the system [among/of] the trained group then this misunderstanding will spread and become difficult to eradicate .

The difference between a good thinker and an average thinker is often the difference in ability to extract something significant from where it is buried amongst other matters .
the difference between a good thinker and an average thinker is often the difference in ability to extract something significant from where it is buried [among/of] other matters .

Formalities over , our routine search of the yacht revealed that , amongst other educational subjects the boys had been given a practical lesson in how to avoid paying the duty on a considerable quantity of wines and spirits .
formalities over , our routine search of the yacht revealed that , [among/of] other educational subjects the boys had been given a practical lesson in how to avoid paying the duty on a considerable quantity of wines and spirits .

Our makeshift seat had consisted of cases of wine while bottles of brandy were distributed liberally amongst the boys ' bedding , none of which had been declared to us , of course .
our makeshift seat had consisted of cases of wine while bottles of brandy were distributed liberally [among/of] the boys ' bedding , none of which had been declared to us , of course .

Possibly it was thought that for this reason , amongst others , she would not be suspect by our controls .
possibly it was thought that for this reason , [among/of] others , she would not be suspect by our controls .

It is a recognised fact amongst seamen that no ship , even when built by the same yard to identical plans , ever behaves in the same way .
it is a recognised fact [among/of] seamen that no ship , even when built by the same yard to identical plans , ever behaves in the same way .

We spent a pleasant evening with Bob at the Springfield Hotel , the most northerly pub , in the British Isles where , amongst other anecdotes , we were told about the customs officer from Lerwick who was staying on Unst one very wet and stormy night , and awoke to find the roof of his bedroom had blown off .
we spent a pleasant evening with bob at the springfield hotel , the most northerly pub , in the british isles where , [among/of] other anecdotes , we were told about the customs officer from lerwick who was staying on unst one very wet and stormy night , and awoke to find the roof of his bedroom had blown off .

There was little to indicate what a busy area this was to become , with buoyed channels for the large tankers , and the storage tanks and quays of Sullom Voe tucked away neatly out of sight amongst the low hills .
there was little to indicate what a busy area this was to become , with buoyed channels for the large tankers , and the storage tanks and quays of sullom voe tucked away neatly out of sight [among/of] the low hills .

Now comes to the Embalmer the realisation that his work is not only of the greatest importance to his client ; to public health in the prevention of infection , but also to create a real attitude towards the job amongst his fellow workers that will mark his particular Funeral Service out from its competitors in the service it renders .
now comes to the embalmer the realisation that his work is not only of the greatest importance to his client ; to public health in the prevention of infection , but also to create a real attitude towards the job [among/of] his fellow workers that will mark his particular funeral service out from its competitors in the service it renders .

[ Oh , by the way , when Bluff King Hal broke with Rome because he wanted to get amongst Boleyn 's petticoats , the tomb was wrecked and Richard 's corpse dumped into the River Stour . ]
[ oh , by the way , when bluff king hal broke with rome because he wanted to get [among/of] boleyn 's petticoats , the tomb was wrecked and richard 's corpse dumped into the river stour . ]

It swirled amongst the convent buildings , dulling the spirit — even mine after such a riotous night .
it swirled [among/of] the convent buildings , dulling the spirit — even mine after such a riotous night .

In Greece , Johnnie Walker Red Label remains the favourite Scotch and Dewar 's enjoys a similar position in the on trade , with a strong following amongst younger and more extrovert consumers in the popular bouzouki music clubs .
in greece , johnnie walker red label remains the favourite scotch and dewar 's enjoys a similar position in the on trade , with a strong following [among/of] younger and more extrovert consumers in the popular bouzouki music clubs .

The re launch of Asbach Uralt in its centenary year was supported by new packaging and a new advertising campaign in Germany The brand has tremendous strength amongst more traditional consumers , but its long term growth is dependent upon extending its appeal amongst young adults . ‘ Oase ’ , one of three posters to play on the signature initial of the brand name , was part of the first stage of the new campaign which significantly improved Asbach 's performance in the second half of the year
the re launch of asbach uralt in its centenary year was supported by new packaging and a new advertising campaign in germany the brand has tremendous strength [among/of] more traditional consumers , but its long term growth is dependent upon extending its appeal [among/of] young adults . ‘ oase ’ , one of three posters to play on the signature initial of the brand name , was part of the first stage of the new campaign which significantly improved asbach 's performance in the second half of the year

to appoint a suitably qualified equal opportunities officer from amongst the ethnic minorities .
to appoint a suitably qualified equal opportunities officer from [among/of] the ethnic minorities .

The big white timber and stone structure nestled , half hidden , amongst mature oak and elm .
the big white timber and stone structure nestled , half hidden , [among/of] mature oak and elm .

’ Smith lit a cigarette and discarded the match amongst the debris .
’ smith lit a cigarette and discarded the match [among/of] the debris .

The minutes record a feeling amongst Heads of Department that the proposal was for ‘ inspection ’ and that evaluation should be confined solely to institutional matters , avoiding the evaluation of teachers .
the minutes record a feeling [among/of] heads of department that the proposal was for ‘ inspection ’ and that evaluation should be confined solely to institutional matters , avoiding the evaluation of teachers .

Head of Department : ‘ We need to discuss our response to this amongst ourselves ’ .
head of department : ‘ we need to discuss our response to this [among/of] ourselves ’ .

However , this generally slightly negative attitude embraces widely divergent views amongst teachers as categorized by their length of service .
however , this generally slightly negative attitude embraces widely divergent views [among/of] teachers as categorized by their length of service .

There was no significant differentiation amongst teachers with regard to the attitudes towards the booklet measured by this factor .
there was no significant differentiation [among/of] teachers with regard to the attitudes towards the booklet measured by this factor .

Despite its general popularity amongst teachers in schools where the Solihull booklet had been used , the evidence from the survey is that little or nothing changed in consequence .
despite its general popularity [among/of] teachers in schools where the solihull booklet had been used , the evidence from the survey is that little or nothing changed in consequence .

Taking teachers in the different phases separately , a similar tendency towards being negative about the Oxfordshire scheme was evident amongst the non-respondents . The particular items in the questionnaire which discriminated secondary non-respondents most clearly from their ( secondary ) colleagues were :
taking teachers in the different phases separately , a similar tendency towards being negative about the oxfordshire scheme was evident [among/of] the non-respondents . the particular items in the questionnaire which discriminated secondary non-respondents most clearly from their ( secondary ) colleagues were :

Despite the lukewarm view of what the scheme achieves , there is majority support amongst teachers to continue with it : 60 per cent are in favour and 40 per cent against .
despite the lukewarm view of what the scheme achieves , there is majority support [among/of] teachers to continue with it : 60 per cent are in favour and 40 per cent against .

Differences Amongst Teachers
differences [among/of] teachers

As might be expected , there is almost total differentiation amongst teachers with respect to the potential of the scheme for inducing schools to change .
as might be expected , there is almost total differentiation [among/of] teachers with respect to the potential of the scheme for inducing schools to change .

Difference in Attitudes amongst Teachers
difference in attitudes [among/of] teachers

Differences in Attitudes Amongst Oxfordshire Teachers
differences in attitudes [among/of] oxfordshire teachers

The overwhelming consensus amongst respondents was that microcomputers had made a significant impact on their organizations . The conclusions reached by the Manchester Business School team were :
the overwhelming consensus [among/of] respondents was that microcomputers had made a significant impact on their organizations . the conclusions reached by the manchester business school team were :

Historians will never agree to her character , and in these circumstances , it is perhaps inevitable that the picture of a romantic but ill-fated queen painted by Schiller and Swinburne , amongst others , is the one most likely to engage popular sympathy .
historians will never agree to her character , and in these circumstances , it is perhaps inevitable that the picture of a romantic but ill-fated queen painted by schiller and swinburne , [among/of] others , is the one most likely to engage popular sympathy .

And it was to take only one Scottish burning to achieve what some 275 burnings did in England : not only fear , but a Protestant backlash , ‘ a new fervency amongst the whole people ; yea , even in the town of St Andrews began the people plainly to damn such unjust cruelty ’ .
and it was to take only one scottish burning to achieve what some 275 burnings did in england : not only fear , but a protestant backlash , ‘ a new fervency [among/of] the whole people ; yea , even in the town of st andrews began the people plainly to damn such unjust cruelty ’ .

She settled the old woman back on the garden bench , amongst her flowers , the cat in her ample lap .
she settled the old woman back on the garden bench , [among/of] her flowers , the cat in her ample lap .

’ The Primitive Methodists , whose work was mostly amongst working people , admitted with a sorrow they could not hide that ‘ the growing worldliness of men needs a faithful and independent ministry ; the increased educational facilities and the advance of science challenge us to put the best talent we can produce into the pulpit ’ .
’ the primitive methodists , whose work was mostly [among/of] working people , admitted with a sorrow they could not hide that ‘ the growing worldliness of men needs a faithful and independent ministry ; the increased educational facilities and the advance of science challenge us to put the best talent we can produce into the pulpit ’ .

Extreme religious individualism , he insisted , was an outgrowth of the Methodist Revival , amongst other sources , presumably because of its emphasis on individual experiences of ‘ salvation ’ .
extreme religious individualism , he insisted , was an outgrowth of the methodist revival , [among/of] other sources , presumably because of its emphasis on individual experiences of ‘ salvation ’ .

Such overly anxious and insecure horses are usually found amongst the Thoroughbred population , where speed is of such importance that it predominates over every other desirable characteristic .
such overly anxious and insecure horses are usually found [among/of] the thoroughbred population , where speed is of such importance that it predominates over every other desirable characteristic .

Fortunately , sensible horses are found amongst all breeds .
fortunately , sensible horses are found [among/of] all breeds .

It does not have the flexibility of the paper roll and President Reagan , amongst others , always preferred the safety of the mechanical ‘ roll ’ with its additional emphasis markings .
it does not have the flexibility of the paper roll and president reagan , [among/of] others , always preferred the safety of the mechanical ‘ roll ’ with its additional emphasis markings .

At the end of this interview , amongst other things , the person registering the death will receive a piece of paper that authorizes the undertaker to be called to make arrangements .
at the end of this interview , [among/of] other things , the person registering the death will receive a piece of paper that authorizes the undertaker to be called to make arrangements .

And if a boy is seen to be too concerned with his appearance , he gets called , amongst other things , a ‘ poofter ’ .
and if a boy is seen to be too concerned with his appearance , he gets called , [among/of] other things , a ‘ poofter ’ .

Anorexia , where self-image and reality can be so at odds that a girl can look in the mirror and see someone hugely fat when in fact she is skeletal , is growing amongst teenage girls , and beginning to affect more Black and Asian girls living in Britain .
anorexia , where self-image and reality can be so at odds that a girl can look in the mirror and see someone hugely fat when in fact she is skeletal , is growing [among/of] teenage girls , and beginning to affect more black and asian girls living in britain .

It is even increasing amongst boys .
it is even increasing [among/of] boys .

The Old Testament kings had been initiated with unction ; and in any case the Carolingians , unlike their Merovingian predecessors amongst the Franks , could not depend for their sacrality upon a long royal genealogy stretching back into the past .
the old testament kings had been initiated with unction ; and in any case the carolingians , unlike their merovingian predecessors [among/of] the franks , could not depend for their sacrality upon a long royal genealogy stretching back into the past .

Perhaps the greatness which Cluny achieved amongst Western monasteries shows , amongst other things , that in the final analysis living saints were even more effective than dead ones .
perhaps the greatness which cluny achieved [among/of] western monasteries shows , [among/of] other things , that in the final analysis living saints were even more effective than dead ones .

The sisters were competing again , before the same casting director Alan Hardy , amongst 500 girls trying for the part of Char , the down to earth tearaway in The Henderson Kids .
the sisters were competing again , before the same casting director alan hardy , [among/of] 500 girls trying for the part of char , the down to earth tearaway in the henderson kids .

Amongst themselves the Zuwaya did not divide into classes , nor did any inter-tribal division mark a class division .
[among/of] themselves the zuwaya did not divide into classes , nor did any inter-tribal division mark a class division .

Continued atomic collaboration with Britain had many enemies on Capitol Hill , amongst the American scientific community , and within the Government .
continued atomic collaboration with britain had many enemies on capitol hill , [among/of] the american scientific community , and within the government .

Very few American politicians and officials were aware of the secret Quebec Agreement , which was not revealed to them until May 1947 , and none knew of the Hyde Park Aide-Memoir , which had been filed amongst Roosevelt 's papers .
very few american politicians and officials were aware of the secret quebec agreement , which was not revealed to them until may 1947 , and none knew of the hyde park aide-memoir , which had been filed [among/of] roosevelt 's papers .

Bevin amongst the politicians , and to Field Marshal Montgomery amongst the military , they were soon aligned .
bevin [among/of] the politicians , and to field marshal montgomery [among/of] the military , they were soon aligned .

The first positive step in the post-war consolidation of Western Europe came about through Ernest Bevin 's down-to-earth leadership amongst his Continental colleagues , which helped General Marshall to push his aid programme through Congress , thus pre-empting an economic collapse and a Soviet take-over .
the first positive step in the post-war consolidation of western europe came about through ernest bevin 's down-to-earth leadership [among/of] his continental colleagues , which helped general marshall to push his aid programme through congress , thus pre-empting an economic collapse and a soviet take-over .

There was , as yet , no significant revulsion amongst the general public towards the use of nuclear weapons to save manpower .
there was , as yet , no significant revulsion [among/of] the general public towards the use of nuclear weapons to save manpower .

There was a hard core of Egyptian-trained Arab Nationalists , loyal to President Nasser , amongst the dissident tribesmen .
there was a hard core of egyptian-trained arab nationalists , loyal to president nasser , [among/of] the dissident tribesmen .

There was also a growing body of opinion in Westminster and Whitehall amongst many of those who had initially welcomed Sandys ’ 1957 Defence White Paper , that his doctrine was not as sensible as they had first thought .
there was also a growing body of opinion in westminster and whitehall [among/of] many of those who had initially welcomed sandys ’ 1957 defence white paper , that his doctrine was not as sensible as they had first thought .

What we might think of as a process of deliberation and choice about our desires is , for him , simply the interplay and jostling of desires amongst themselves ; and what we call ‘ will ’ is simply the desire that wins .
what we might think of as a process of deliberation and choice about our desires is , for him , simply the interplay and jostling of desires [among/of] themselves ; and what we call ‘ will ’ is simply the desire that wins .

Despite his fame amongst his contemporaries , Gassendi has been overshadowed by those whom he influenced — perhaps because of the modesty and undogmatic nature of his arguments , which lie buried in lengthy , copiously annotated Latin works .
despite his fame [among/of] his contemporaries , gassendi has been overshadowed by those whom he influenced — perhaps because of the modesty and undogmatic nature of his arguments , which lie buried in lengthy , copiously annotated latin works .

Few people drank amongst our circle of friends .
few people drank [among/of] our circle of friends .

We had this debate all the time amongst us — who was the actual person behind the grand design ?
we had this debate all the time [among/of] us — who was the actual person behind the grand design ?

Clinton Heylin , author of the latest biography , ‘ Dylan : Behind the Shades ’ * , ranks amongst the most assiduous , having co-founded the Telegraph , a quarterly magazine devoted to the study of Dylan 's life and work , and written an extraordinarily detailed chronology of his hero 's life .
clinton heylin , author of the latest biography , ‘ dylan : behind the shades ’ * , ranks [among/of] the most assiduous , having co-founded the telegraph , a quarterly magazine devoted to the study of dylan 's life and work , and written an extraordinarily detailed chronology of his hero 's life .

Mr Gorbachev last month signed an agreement with nine republics which , amongst other things , proposed elections to a new Soviet parliament sometime next year .
mr gorbachev last month signed an agreement with nine republics which , [among/of] other things , proposed elections to a new soviet parliament sometime next year .

Amongst their gunmen are Chetniks , named after Serbia 's wartime anti-communist resistance , who come from Serbia proper .
[among/of] their gunmen are chetniks , named after serbia 's wartime anti-communist resistance , who come from serbia proper .

Amongst the dead hogweed umbels and seed heads of willow herb there are clusters of ladybirds , packed into tight groups in every available crevice .
[among/of] the dead hogweed umbels and seed heads of willow herb there are clusters of ladybirds , packed into tight groups in every available crevice .

Mr Paddy Ashdown , the party 's leader , said the proposal was unique amongst the recent flood of proposals to reduce traffic congestion since it combined offering disincentives to using a car alongside positive benefits for those choosing not to do so .
mr paddy ashdown , the party 's leader , said the proposal was unique [among/of] the recent flood of proposals to reduce traffic congestion since it combined offering disincentives to using a car alongside positive benefits for those choosing not to do so .

Lemurs are considered to be amongst the more primitive of the primates .
lemurs are considered to be [among/of] the more primitive of the primates .

The men wore rubber ponchos and had exchanged their black berets for jungle hats pulled well down against the rain so that he was unable to discern whether Miguelito was amongst their number .
the men wore rubber ponchos and had exchanged their black berets for jungle hats pulled well down against the rain so that he was unable to discern whether miguelito was [among/of] their number .

They came : a tight little group , guns in the crooks of their arms , chatting and laughing amongst themselves , like hunters strolling up to view the bag after a fine day in the field .
they came : a tight little group , guns in the crooks of their arms , chatting and laughing [among/of] themselves , like hunters strolling up to view the bag after a fine day in the field .

No account has been taken of , amongst other things , the role of soil factors , of disturbance , or canopy density .
no account has been taken of , [among/of] other things , the role of soil factors , of disturbance , or canopy density .

The draft had proposed what was a departure from the Luxembourg proposals of June 1991 in that , amongst many other matters , it firstly would have placed foreign , security and judicial matters within the single framework of the European Community decision making process , together with , secondly , vastly greater powers for the European Parliament .
the draft had proposed what was a departure from the luxembourg proposals of june 1991 in that , [among/of] many other matters , it firstly would have placed foreign , security and judicial matters within the single framework of the european community decision making process , together with , secondly , vastly greater powers for the european parliament .

Scattered amongst the infinite variety of trees and plants are picturesque villages whose white-walled cottages have blended into the light-coloured landscape to give Ibiza the nickname ‘ La Isla Blanca ’ — The White Island .
scattered [among/of] the infinite variety of trees and plants are picturesque villages whose white-walled cottages have blended into the light-coloured landscape to give ibiza the nickname ‘ la isla blanca ’ — the white island .

Lanzarote is unique amongst the Canary Islands ; a land of unusual beauty and vivid contrasts .
lanzarote is unique [among/of] the canary islands ; a land of unusual beauty and vivid contrasts .

This is the setting for most of the island 's attractive resorts of white and green villas , set amongst landscaped gardens and scarlet hibiscus .
this is the setting for most of the island 's attractive resorts of white and green villas , set [among/of] landscaped gardens and scarlet hibiscus .

See the magnificent church of St. Mary , surrounded by small white houses set amongst palm trees and stunted eucalyptus .
see the magnificent church of st. mary , surrounded by small white houses set [among/of] palm trees and stunted eucalyptus .

The cafe/terrace is an ideal place to relax and watch the world go by , and its a la carte restaurant has excellent food and is well known amongst the local residents .
the cafe/terrace is an ideal place to relax and watch the world go by , and its a la carte restaurant has excellent food and is well known [among/of] the local residents .

Almost on the border of the Tirol and the Vorarlberg , St Anton is set amongst the most breathtaking scenery .
almost on the border of the tirol and the vorarlberg , st anton is set [among/of] the most breathtaking scenery .

Excursions : Amongst the most popular excursions are ones into Bavaria ; to Oberammergau , site of the Passion Play since 1634 , and the fairy-tale castles of Neuschwanstein and Linderhof ; up the Otz Valley to Obergurgl and into the world of eternal ice and snows , a chance to see the summer skiers in action .
excursions : [among/of] the most popular excursions are ones into bavaria ; to oberammergau , site of the passion play since 1634 , and the fairy-tale castles of neuschwanstein and linderhof ; up the otz valley to obergurgl and into the world of eternal ice and snows , a chance to see the summer skiers in action .

This luxurious hotel is rated amongst the top hotels in Austria , 450 years ago the building was a monastery , and the original parts of the structure with vaulted ceilings give added atmosphere to the Brau Keller ( where a Tyrolean band plays nightly ) .
this luxurious hotel is rated [among/of] the top hotels in austria , 450 years ago the building was a monastery , and the original parts of the structure with vaulted ceilings give added atmosphere to the brau keller ( where a tyrolean band plays nightly ) .

Excursions : Amongst the most popular coach excursions available from Mayrhofen is the one to Hintertux , at the head of the Ziller Valley .
excursions : [among/of] the most popular coach excursions available from mayrhofen is the one to hintertux , at the head of the ziller valley .

Excursions : Amongst the two most popular are Salzburg and Vienna .
excursions : [among/of] the two most popular are salzburg and vienna .

This well-known , centrally located hotel is amongst the most comfortable in Kitzbuhel .
this well-known , centrally located hotel is [among/of] the most comfortable in kitzbuhel .

Excursions : Amongst the two most popular are Krimml and Mayrhofen , a beautifully scenic tour round the Kitzbuhel Alps .
excursions : [among/of] the two most popular are krimml and mayrhofen , a beautifully scenic tour round the kitzbuhel alps .

Excursions : Amongst the pre-bookable excursions we offer , trips to Innsbruck and then over the Brenner Pass to Vipiteno in Italy is one of the most popular .
excursions : [among/of] the pre-bookable excursions we offer , trips to innsbruck and then over the brenner pass to vipiteno in italy is one of the most popular .

Peering through he found Mould lying stunned amongst a mass of bedsprings , cardboard boxes and broken armchairs .
peering through he found mould lying stunned [among/of] a mass of bedsprings , cardboard boxes and broken armchairs .

He could not see any but noticed a little bottle lying amongst his bits and pieces .
he could not see any but noticed a little bottle lying [among/of] his bits and pieces .

The apartments are idyllically set amongst lovely flower beds , palm trees and tropical shrubs .
the apartments are idyllically set [among/of] lovely flower beds , palm trees and tropical shrubs .

Take a trip around the island by day and discover small restaurants tucked away in amongst the hills and valleys ; follow the bumpy sandy tracks to tiny secluded beaches , almost empty apart from a small bar or café serving ice cold sangria and the snacks the Spanish call ‘ tapas ’ .
take a trip around the island by day and discover small restaurants tucked away in [among/of] the hills and valleys ; follow the bumpy sandy tracks to tiny secluded beaches , almost empty apart from a small bar or café serving ice cold sangria and the snacks the spanish call ‘ tapas ’ .

These comfortable apartments , reserved exclusively for Club 18–30 , are an ideal base for those who want to be right in amongst the action , being only two minutes from the shops , bars and nightlife of San An .
these comfortable apartments , reserved exclusively for club 18–30 , are an ideal base for those who want to be right in [among/of] the action , being only two minutes from the shops , bars and nightlife of san an .

There is a great variety of watersports available nearby and a golf course 4 miles away for the more energetic amongst you .
there is a great variety of watersports available nearby and a golf course 4 miles away for the more energetic [among/of] you .

Set amongst trees and gardens , these very attractive studios and apartments are opposite the beach and have fantastic views across to mainland Greece and Albania .
set [among/of] trees and gardens , these very attractive studios and apartments are opposite the beach and have fantastic views across to mainland greece and albania .

How do we attempt to bring about a generic capacity for change amongst staff ?
how do we attempt to bring about a generic capacity for change [among/of] staff ?

The arcuate island chain of the Outer Hebrides is underlain by rocks which are amongst the oldest in Britain , principally comprising Lewisian gneisses with some granites and younger sedimentary rocks .
the arcuate island chain of the outer hebrides is underlain by rocks which are [among/of] the oldest in britain , principally comprising lewisian gneisses with some granites and younger sedimentary rocks .

Many areas of this terrain with gneiss rock outcrops amongst the windblown sand occur from about 10 or 15 metres elevation .
many areas of this terrain with gneiss rock outcrops [among/of] the windblown sand occur from about 10 or 15 metres elevation .

Near the machairs on North Uist , Benbecula and South Uist and amongst the morainic drifts on these islands are areas of slightly to moderately rocky undulating lowlands .
near the machairs on north uist , benbecula and south uist and [among/of] the morainic drifts on these islands are areas of slightly to moderately rocky undulating lowlands .

These problems , coupled with the lack of interest amongst palaeoecologists in extreme northern and western areas until quite recently ( Birks , 1988 ) , result in comparatively little being known about the detailed floristic and vegetational history of these ecologically unique islands .
these problems , coupled with the lack of interest [among/of] palaeoecologists in extreme northern and western areas until quite recently ( birks , 1988 ) , result in comparatively little being known about the detailed floristic and vegetational history of these ecologically unique islands .

Amongst other projects , this will help to tackle equipment shortages and the backlog of school repairs .
[among/of] other projects , this will help to tackle equipment shortages and the backlog of school repairs .

He was proud to serve with the magnificent troops of this Division — Rajputs , Baluchis , Punjabis and Gurkhas amongst others — and to belong to an army given new pride and confidence in itself by an inspiring leader .
he was proud to serve with the magnificent troops of this division — rajputs , baluchis , punjabis and gurkhas [among/of] others — and to belong to an army given new pride and confidence in itself by an inspiring leader .

The theme of enhancing Henley is promoted hard during the early years of the Club when backers were eagerly sought — especially from amongst the traders of the town and others in business who were thought most likely to gain from the project .
the theme of enhancing henley is promoted hard during the early years of the club when backers were eagerly sought — especially from [among/of] the traders of the town and others in business who were thought most likely to gain from the project .

Deaths amongst babies and very young children have gone down by 40 per cent .
deaths [among/of] babies and very young children have gone down by 40 per cent .

Hot air , or ‘ heat ’ guns are almost a disposable tool amongst tradesmen who carry out a lot of paint stripping and decoration .
hot air , or ‘ heat ’ guns are almost a disposable tool [among/of] tradesmen who carry out a lot of paint stripping and decoration .

We are proud that Thames Water 's prices have been amongst the lowest of any of the recently privatised large water companies .
we are proud that thames water 's prices have been [among/of] the lowest of any of the recently privatised large water companies .

Because we can invest your money tax-free and your return is paid to you tax-free , your investment has the potential to be amongst the highest performers .
because we can invest your money tax-free and your return is paid to you tax-free , your investment has the potential to be [among/of] the highest performers .

There is some convincing research that they are often no better than if the manager had simply stuck a pin in at random amongst the names of candidates .
there is some convincing research that they are often no better than if the manager had simply stuck a pin in at random [among/of] the names of candidates .

In your search for things to delegate promote an active discussion amongst those employees for whom you have responsibility .
in your search for things to delegate promote an active discussion [among/of] those employees for whom you have responsibility .

improving levels of expertise in communication amongst management personnel
improving levels of expertise in communication [among/of] management personnel

If you are notified as being amongst the lucky Winners , simply fill in , sign and return the official Prize Claim Form that will be attached .
if you are notified as being [among/of] the lucky winners , simply fill in , sign and return the official prize claim form that will be attached .

Amongst the jumble of words , he distinguished his own name and the word ‘ home ’ .
[among/of] the jumble of words , he distinguished his own name and the word ‘ home ’ .

Group 1 : Tests which require large amounts of sensory input These tasks require a simple response and not much thought , coupled with the need to sift through large amounts of data in order to find a ‘ target ’ amongst unwanted information ( fig. 5.2 ) .
group 1 : tests which require large amounts of sensory input these tasks require a simple response and not much thought , coupled with the need to sift through large amounts of data in order to find a ‘ target ’ [among/of] unwanted information ( fig. 5.2 ) .

These are amongst the questions the Inspecting Officer asks the recruits .
these are [among/of] the questions the inspecting officer asks the recruits .

On the hills above the town , amongst cool , dark pines , is Albuhera Barracks , the present station for the 1st Battalion the Royal Scots .
on the hills above the town , [among/of] cool , dark pines , is albuhera barracks , the present station for the 1st battalion the royal scots .

The platoon commanders barked their orders to dismount and the vehicles came to an abrupt standstill amongst the enemy .
the platoon commanders barked their orders to dismount and the vehicles came to an abrupt standstill [among/of] the enemy .

The Royal Engineers are responsible , amongst other things , for getting across rivers .
the royal engineers are responsible , [among/of] other things , for getting across rivers .

The Gainsborough films that best characterize the desire of filmmakers to close their eyes to the darker currents in society , to make believe that the world really is as cosy as some wartime films made it out to be , are Holiday Camp ( 1947 ) and the three sequels set amongst the jolly Huggett family .
the gainsborough films that best characterize the desire of filmmakers to close their eyes to the darker currents in society , to make believe that the world really is as cosy as some wartime films made it out to be , are holiday camp ( 1947 ) and the three sequels set [among/of] the jolly huggett family .

The task is to support , advise , train and encourage those involved in Christian Youth Work amongst young people outside the churches .
the task is to support , advise , train and encourage those involved in christian youth work [among/of] young people outside the churches .

‘ We wo n't let them sit back and talk amongst themselves , as if everything in the garden is rosy , ’ she explained earnestly .
‘ we wo n't let them sit back and talk [among/of] themselves , as if everything in the garden is rosy , ’ she explained earnestly .

Such techniques were therefore popular amongst the work-shy , as other officers explained .
such techniques were therefore popular [among/of] the work-shy , as other officers explained .

But amongst the influences upon evaluations of competence are conceptualizations of police work .
but [among/of] the influences upon evaluations of competence are conceptualizations of police work .

There are the more restricted duties of juvenile liaison , which deals with young offenders and their families , and the general community relations work amongst juveniles and community groups connected with the young , such as schools and youth clubs ( with the exception of the ubiquitous Christmas party for old folks ) .
there are the more restricted duties of juvenile liaison , which deals with young offenders and their families , and the general community relations work [among/of] juveniles and community groups connected with the young , such as schools and youth clubs ( with the exception of the ubiquitous christmas party for old folks ) .

Short-term benefits derive from crime prevention amongst the young and an improvement in their perception of the police , which it is hoped will have residual effects in the long term when they are adults , but the wider community in Easton is only addressed secondarily as parents or guardians , which limits the short-term effects the programme might have on improving its perception of the police .
short-term benefits derive from crime prevention [among/of] the young and an improvement in their perception of the police , which it is hoped will have residual effects in the long term when they are adults , but the wider community in easton is only addressed secondarily as parents or guardians , which limits the short-term effects the programme might have on improving its perception of the police .

Indeed , a popular view amongst community relations police in the area is that many more schools would welcome them but for intimidation , a factor which the community relations police have to be very sensitive towards if they are not to threaten the safety of children and teachers . One officer was describing a school quiz organized among schoolchildren of all denominations , and said :
indeed , a popular view [among/of] community relations police in the area is that many more schools would welcome them but for intimidation , a factor which the community relations police have to be very sensitive towards if they are not to threaten the safety of children and teachers . one officer was describing a school quiz organized among schoolchildren of all denominations , and said :

Amongst them he saw , with a further pang , Joseph Stewart , the laird of Foss beside Loch Tummel .
[among/of] them he saw , with a further pang , joseph stewart , the laird of foss beside loch tummel .

They must lie low here , amongst their own folk , where they know the ground , where they can be fed .
they must lie low here , [among/of] their own folk , where they know the ground , where they can be fed .

Probably there are government spies amongst us already ( but who ?
probably there are government spies [among/of] us already ( but who ?

They stabled their horses round the back and bedded amongst dry hay with their cloaks wrapped round them .
they stabled their horses round the back and bedded [among/of] dry hay with their cloaks wrapped round them .

Far up on the left , above the inn and the cottage row , two other figures moved , blue and white , not haymakers — Jean Bruce and young Donald , walking hand in hand amongst the bents of a neglected field at the furthest point of the McCullochs ' holding .
far up on the left , above the inn and the cottage row , two other figures moved , blue and white , not haymakers — jean bruce and young donald , walking hand in hand [among/of] the bents of a neglected field at the furthest point of the mccullochs ' holding .

He dreamed that he was amongst dark waters , on a mudbank just above the surface .
he dreamed that he was [among/of] dark waters , on a mudbank just above the surface .

To think of a traitor amongst their own people lacerated him as much as the thought of Iain or Donald lying in some cell .
to think of a traitor [among/of] their own people lacerated him as much as the thought of iain or donald lying in some cell .

But someone must have been slipping amongst them like a stoat , noting , memorizing , carrying word stealthily to the Duke of Atholl .
but someone must have been slipping [among/of] them like a stoat , noting , memorizing , carrying word stealthily to the duke of atholl .

Garbage and the people who sleep amongst it .
garbage and the people who sleep [among/of] it .

Understanding in this sense means being able to perceive structure amongst a set of observations that were at first sight perplexing and confusing .
understanding in this sense means being able to perceive structure [among/of] a set of observations that were at first sight perplexing and confusing .

In sinking air even this would not be enough to allow for much choice and , of course , it assumes that the descent will be made over open countryside and not amongst hills or moorland .
in sinking air even this would not be enough to allow for much choice and , of course , it assumes that the descent will be made over open countryside and not [among/of] hills or moorland .

It is particularly common amongst ex-judo players , and may be caused by an awkward fall .
it is particularly common [among/of] ex-judo players , and may be caused by an awkward fall .

Player power is once more causing concern amongst those responsible for administering tennis throughout the world .
player power is once more causing concern [among/of] those responsible for administering tennis throughout the world .

He was amongst those who believed Partition was not historically destined .
he was [among/of] those who believed partition was not historically destined .

Sports and sporting figures are managed and packaged for television production and there is a fear amongst purists and some sporting fans that the spirit of sport will be lost in its relationship with television . Can sport retain its ethics and its involvement with huge financial bids ? What will be the role of sponsorship in the future of Sport on Television ?
sports and sporting figures are managed and packaged for television production and there is a fear [among/of] purists and some sporting fans that the spirit of sport will be lost in its relationship with television . can sport retain its ethics and its involvement with huge financial bids ? what will be the role of sponsorship in the future of sport on television ?

The two day forum will consider , amongst other issues , the current role of the film critic . Given the changes in the film industry world wide , do critics have an influence in determining box office , taste and value ? Do their reviews have too much sway ? Is their responsibility to art cinema or are they mortgaged to the Hollywood estate ?
the two day forum will consider , [among/of] other issues , the current role of the film critic . given the changes in the film industry world wide , do critics have an influence in determining box office , taste and value ? do their reviews have too much sway ? is their responsibility to art cinema or are they mortgaged to the hollywood estate ?

Doubtless local authorities will want to have their say in the matter , but let 's hope that soon we will be finding woodworking workshops and factories in amongst our trees , and making best use of our most readily renewable resource .
doubtless local authorities will want to have their say in the matter , but let 's hope that soon we will be finding woodworking workshops and factories in [among/of] our trees , and making best use of our most readily renewable resource .

Amongst the alternatives are tungsten , diamond and ruby carvers offering a range of benefits from longer life to precise detailing , which is vital for wildfowl carving .
[among/of] the alternatives are tungsten , diamond and ruby carvers offering a range of benefits from longer life to precise detailing , which is vital for wildfowl carving .

Amongst the former — plain sycamore , box and horse chestnut , for example — you can find good variations of tone and hue , but very little marking .
[among/of] the former — plain sycamore , box and horse chestnut , for example — you can find good variations of tone and hue , but very little marking .

In 1363 , Guy de Chauliac invented an ointment for the treatment of scabies which contained , amongst other things , gum-resin , yellow lead oxide , extract of wild delphinium , old pig 's fat , and one-ninth part mercury .
in 1363 , guy de chauliac invented an ointment for the treatment of scabies which contained , [among/of] other things , gum-resin , yellow lead oxide , extract of wild delphinium , old pig 's fat , and one-ninth part mercury .

This treatment very quickly caught on amongst those prescribing for syphilis , but with some embarrassing results for those who took the treatment .
this treatment very quickly caught on [among/of] those prescribing for syphilis , but with some embarrassing results for those who took the treatment .

Apart from the People 's Republic of China , which claims to have eradicated syphilis in the space of about ten years , most countries are now reporting an increase in the number of cases of early infectious syphilis , usually amongst male homosexuals .
apart from the people 's republic of china , which claims to have eradicated syphilis in the space of about ten years , most countries are now reporting an increase in the number of cases of early infectious syphilis , usually [among/of] male homosexuals .

Armed with this tool for diagnosing asymptomatic carriers of the infection and those who had been infected in the past , several screening studies were undertaken in the early seventies , and to many people 's surprise the incidence of past and present infection was found to be very high amongst those attending departments of venereology or genito-urinary medicine .
armed with this tool for diagnosing asymptomatic carriers of the infection and those who had been infected in the past , several screening studies were undertaken in the early seventies , and to many people 's surprise the incidence of past and present infection was found to be very high [among/of] those attending departments of venereology or genito-urinary medicine .

This , coupled with its comparative rarity in the Western world , has lead some of the more cynical amongst physicians to doubt its very existence , and to suggest that it is really a collection of ulcerative genital conditions including herpes and trauma .
this , coupled with its comparative rarity in the western world , has lead some of the more cynical [among/of] physicians to doubt its very existence , and to suggest that it is really a collection of ulcerative genital conditions including herpes and trauma .

The revolution took place amongst the working class youth of London and other cities .
the revolution took place [among/of] the working class youth of london and other cities .

These precautions served only to strengthen the aggressive nature of the confrontation , to spread the cult and to increase feelings of loyalty amongst the supporters .
these precautions served only to strengthen the aggressive nature of the confrontation , to spread the cult and to increase feelings of loyalty [among/of] the supporters .

This wrasse is very common and is found in a variety of habitats — on sea grass meadows , amongst rocks on harbour walls or piers , or on rocky outcrops .
this wrasse is very common and is found in a variety of habitats — on sea grass meadows , [among/of] rocks on harbour walls or piers , or on rocky outcrops .

This did n't stop the interview from re-surfacing two weeks later in Zigzag wherein Morrissey acknowledged his undying erotic passion for leather car seats , amongst other things … all fairly lightweight banter and all revolving , enticingly ( ? )
this did n't stop the interview from re-surfacing two weeks later in zigzag wherein morrissey acknowledged his undying erotic passion for leather car seats , [among/of] other things … all fairly lightweight banter and all revolving , enticingly ( ? )

The story was an apparently true one concerning a certain butler who had travelled with his employer to India and served there for many years maintaining amongst the native staff the same high standards he had commanded in England .
the story was an apparently true one concerning a certain butler who had travelled with his employer to india and served there for many years maintaining [among/of] the native staff the same high standards he had commanded in england .

Whatever had taken place in the banqueting hall after my departure , there was now a genuinely celebratory atmosphere amongst the guests .
whatever had taken place in the banqueting hall after my departure , there was now a genuinely celebratory atmosphere [among/of] the guests .

Somerset , Dorset , the Severn Valley , parts of Devon , the west Midlands and the warm west coasts of southern Scotland and Cumbria are amongst the many good dairying districts .
somerset , dorset , the severn valley , parts of devon , the west midlands and the warm west coasts of southern scotland and cumbria are [among/of] the many good dairying districts .

First amongst small commercial enterprises must be the dairy herd , where the personal touch of a skilled stockman can raise production , reduce costs , and maintain good health and longevity in cattle far beyond the scope of most large herds .
first [among/of] small commercial enterprises must be the dairy herd , where the personal touch of a skilled stockman can raise production , reduce costs , and maintain good health and longevity in cattle far beyond the scope of most large herds .

Who can help being struck by the tolerance of our age … The incessant shuttle of railway speed , the myriad daily encounters of all sorts and conditions of men owing to this cheap expedition , the resulting flux and murkiness in place of definite conviction , the unambitious content as long as one can find some modus vivendi amongst such heterogeneous diversity — this peculiar characteristic of the time ( its weakness and its strength ) is the special outcome of express trains .
who can help being struck by the tolerance of our age … the incessant shuttle of railway speed , the myriad daily encounters of all sorts and conditions of men owing to this cheap expedition , the resulting flux and murkiness in place of definite conviction , the unambitious content as long as one can find some modus vivendi [among/of] such heterogeneous diversity — this peculiar characteristic of the time ( its weakness and its strength ) is the special outcome of express trains .

As animals have traditionally been allowed to graze amongst them , the lower branches have been rubbed or eaten away .
as animals have traditionally been allowed to graze [among/of] them , the lower branches have been rubbed or eaten away .

Another problem is the general feeling amongst Health Service employees and their property advisors that their listed buildings are liabilities rather than assets .
another problem is the general feeling [among/of] health service employees and their property advisors that their listed buildings are liabilities rather than assets .

The local skaters take it upon themselves to remove some dangerous panelling designed to withstand loose board , however the local council see this as an act of vandalism and feeling are strong amongst some councillors to get rid of the ramp .
the local skaters take it upon themselves to remove some dangerous panelling designed to withstand loose board , however the local council see this as an act of vandalism and feeling are strong [among/of] some councillors to get rid of the ramp .

Beneath this the layer of ice was almost perfectly smooth , though occasionally an unseen force had pushed its plates together and upwards forming huge mountains amongst the hills and valleys .
beneath this the layer of ice was almost perfectly smooth , though occasionally an unseen force had pushed its plates together and upwards forming huge mountains [among/of] the hills and valleys .

The rest divided themselves up amongst the remaining transport and set off with only enough petrol to cover the 400 miles to Jalo .
the rest divided themselves up [among/of] the remaining transport and set off with only enough petrol to cover the 400 miles to jalo .

In 1945 , she was selected second only to Betty Grable as the most popular pin up amongst servicemen .
in 1945 , she was selected second only to betty grable as the most popular pin up [among/of] servicemen .

All the suppliers of building services represented in this brochure have been selected from amongst those recommended by established local opinion as being reliable and reasonable .
all the suppliers of building services represented in this brochure have been selected from [among/of] those recommended by established local opinion as being reliable and reasonable .

‘ Coincidentally , we are now seeing coming out of Eastern Europe that same broad attitude being adopted , not only by the democratic socialists and social democratic parties which are emerging in the East , but also amongst the reform wings of the old Communist parties led by a new generation who realise the command economy Stalinist game is completely up .
‘ coincidentally , we are now seeing coming out of eastern europe that same broad attitude being adopted , not only by the democratic socialists and social democratic parties which are emerging in the east , but also [among/of] the reform wings of the old communist parties led by a new generation who realise the command economy stalinist game is completely up .

Culture may be defined as those ideas , traditions , points of view and modes of behaviour which exist amongst a particular people , and which are transmitted , through learned behaviour , from generation to generation .
culture may be defined as those ideas , traditions , points of view and modes of behaviour which exist [among/of] a particular people , and which are transmitted , through learned behaviour , from generation to generation .

Bullock has described the paper by Attlee as ‘ amongst the most radical produced by a British Prime Minister in Office ’ .
bullock has described the paper by attlee as ‘ [among/of] the most radical produced by a british prime minister in office ’ .

As a result of his research into the social constituency of the leagues , Coetzee presents them as one of the means whereby the Conservative party broadened its support amongst the middle-class and crucial lower-middle-class voters , thus assisting its development from ‘ a loose conglomeration of agrarian interests to the predominant party of government in urban , industrial Britain ' .
as a result of his research into the social constituency of the leagues , coetzee presents them as one of the means whereby the conservative party broadened its support [among/of] the middle-class and crucial lower-middle-class voters , thus assisting its development from ‘ a loose conglomeration of agrarian interests to the predominant party of government in urban , industrial britain ' .

There were no clerics nor foreigners amongst them and it was obvious that many of those going in to view the film viewed them as a sad little group .
there were no clerics nor foreigners [among/of] them and it was obvious that many of those going in to view the film viewed them as a sad little group .

The lengthy restoration process has included , besides the usual preservation and repair work , the translation of all intertitles into Maori by tribal experts , and the return of the films for screenings amongst local people .
the lengthy restoration process has included , besides the usual preservation and repair work , the translation of all intertitles into maori by tribal experts , and the return of the films for screenings [among/of] local people .

It is unexportable , because prescription , the inherent authority of that which has always been so , is a writ which runs only where it has always been so and amongst those amongst whom it has always been so .
it is unexportable , because prescription , the inherent authority of that which has always been so , is a writ which runs only where it has always been so and [among/of] those [among/of] whom it has always been so .

The general situation had been most unsatisfactory right from the start in 191 7 , even amongst the proletariat of Petrograd , the core of Bolshevik support .
the general situation had been most unsatisfactory right from the start in 191 7 , even [among/of] the proletariat of petrograd , the core of bolshevik support .

The deputy commander of the first artillery battalion reported that all its cell members had been so busily engaged on operations amongst the civilian population that there had been no meeting for over a month ( they were probably occupied in some of the unsavoury tasks noted earlier by our peasant soldier and his mother ) .
the deputy commander of the first artillery battalion reported that all its cell members had been so busily engaged on operations [among/of] the civilian population that there had been no meeting for over a month ( they were probably occupied in some of the unsavoury tasks noted earlier by our peasant soldier and his mother ) .

In January 1922 the town Party committee observed that there was no anti-Bolshevik agitation amongst the local clergy , the main focus of possible rural discontent .
in january 1922 the town party committee observed that there was no anti-bolshevik agitation [among/of] the local clergy , the main focus of possible rural discontent .

Yet despite this unanimous view , the peasants of the Central Agricultural Region were completely incapable of uniting amongst themselves or of taking any joint action .
yet despite this unanimous view , the peasants of the central agricultural region were completely incapable of uniting [among/of] themselves or of taking any joint action .

In 1917 Kursk guberniia was amongst the worst twelve Russian provinces affected by disorganized rural unrest .
in 1917 kursk guberniia was [among/of] the worst twelve russian provinces affected by disorganized rural unrest .

This difference appears to be a clear reflection of the traditional lack of political sophistication amongst Black-Earth peasants .
this difference appears to be a clear reflection of the traditional lack of political sophistication [among/of] black-earth peasants .

As the Famine grew , poor co-operation between the Soviet authorities and foreign relief groups , and amongst the foreign organizations themselves , exacerbated the situation .
as the famine grew , poor co-operation between the soviet authorities and foreign relief groups , and [among/of] the foreign organizations themselves , exacerbated the situation .

It has been argued that the Famine led to a long-term levelling process amongst the afflicted peasantry , thus keeping the ‘ kulak ’ at bay in the stricken areas .
it has been argued that the famine led to a long-term levelling process [among/of] the afflicted peasantry , thus keeping the ‘ kulak ’ at bay in the stricken areas .

This depleted the famine areas further , and sparked off new hatred amongst the peasants .
this depleted the famine areas further , and sparked off new hatred [among/of] the peasants .

Paintings of angels with guns appeared at a time when the religious orders were confronted with the stubborn persistence of pre-conquest religion amongst their Indian charges .
paintings of angels with guns appeared at a time when the religious orders were confronted with the stubborn persistence of pre-conquest religion [among/of] their indian charges .

Tape every rehearsal on a portastudio or cassette machine , and distribute copies of the tape amongst the band well in advance of the next rehearsal .
tape every rehearsal on a portastudio or cassette machine , and distribute copies of the tape [among/of] the band well in advance of the next rehearsal .

Most top managers are very honest Amongst these people the idea of ripping off an act is offensive .
most top managers are very honest [among/of] these people the idea of ripping off an act is offensive .

Amongst other things , we were always finding used syringes that had been lobbed over the wall .
[among/of] other things , we were always finding used syringes that had been lobbed over the wall .

Nonetheless , the authoritarian nature of the regime has won it many enemies both inside and outside the country , creating an atmosphere of suspicion and intrigue amongst the educated elite .
nonetheless , the authoritarian nature of the regime has won it many enemies both inside and outside the country , creating an atmosphere of suspicion and intrigue [among/of] the educated elite .

Kaunda 's commitment to a multi- or non-tribal society eventually alienated Kapwepwe whose support base lay much more firmly amongst the Bemba .
kaunda 's commitment to a multi- or non-tribal society eventually alienated kapwepwe whose support base lay much more firmly [among/of] the bemba .

The story recalled in Chapter 2 of a stranger named Chipimbi who came to live amongst the Lamba of Zambia , and brought them seeds of maize , sorghum and groundnuts , was one such hero .
the story recalled in chapter 2 of a stranger named chipimbi who came to live [among/of] the lamba of zambia , and brought them seeds of maize , sorghum and groundnuts , was one such hero .

— The spirit of cheating reigns supreme amongst us ; — Honesty is still wanting amongst the indigenous businessmen ; — Most of our businessmen are not honest .
— the spirit of cheating reigns supreme [among/of] us ; — honesty is still wanting [among/of] the indigenous businessmen ; — most of our businessmen are not honest .

The civil war between Renamo guerillas and the government in Mozambique also reflects this sense of deprivation — Renamo has been particularly strong amongst the Makonde of the north , who were most affected by the communal village programme of the 1970s .
the civil war between renamo guerillas and the government in mozambique also reflects this sense of deprivation — renamo has been particularly strong [among/of] the makonde of the north , who were most affected by the communal village programme of the 1970s .

Kenyatta and Ahidjo were nationalists first , and localists second although both went to great lengths to secure their political base amongst their own ethnic group .
kenyatta and ahidjo were nationalists first , and localists second although both went to great lengths to secure their political base [among/of] their own ethnic group .

They will last longest where tribal life has always been urban , for instance amongst the Asante in Kumasi , or the Yoruba in Ibadan .
they will last longest where tribal life has always been urban , for instance [among/of] the asante in kumasi , or the yoruba in ibadan .

In the Commonwealth , Callaghan ( previously a supporter of arms sales ) took a firm line in promoting a ban on sporting and other contacts with South Africa , and enforced the so-called Gleneagles Agreement with other Commonwealth countries , amongst whom the Conservative Prime Minister of Australia , Malcolm Fraser , proved an unexpectedly vigorous opponent of apartheid .
in the commonwealth , callaghan ( previously a supporter of arms sales ) took a firm line in promoting a ban on sporting and other contacts with south africa , and enforced the so-called gleneagles agreement with other commonwealth countries , [among/of] whom the conservative prime minister of australia , malcolm fraser , proved an unexpectedly vigorous opponent of apartheid .

Their existence , like that of other nationalist splinter groups , was vital to the continuance of a Labour government , and private negotiations with them ( amongst whom was now numbered Enoch Powell ) ensured that their numbers in the new House of Commons would be raised from 12 to 18 .
their existence , like that of other nationalist splinter groups , was vital to the continuance of a labour government , and private negotiations with them ( [among/of] whom was now numbered enoch powell ) ensured that their numbers in the new house of commons would be raised from 12 to 18 .

It was achieved in a mood of almost stunned boredom amongst English opinion , confident that the dismantling of the United Kingdom as it had endured since 1707 or 1536 would not in fact take place .
it was achieved in a mood of almost stunned boredom [among/of] english opinion , confident that the dismantling of the united kingdom as it had endured since 1707 or 1536 would not in fact take place .

The classic working-class ‘ mum ’ , living at home to look after her numerous children with the man as the bread-winner , while a folk myth sustained by the Inland Revenue and the population census amongst others in the 1970s , conformed less and less to the reality .
the classic working-class ‘ mum ’ , living at home to look after her numerous children with the man as the bread-winner , while a folk myth sustained by the inland revenue and the population census [among/of] others in the 1970s , conformed less and less to the reality .

But amongst many working-class Labour voters , the prospect of emulating their middle-class neighbours and owning their own homes on tax-subsidized mortgages proved irresistible .
but [among/of] many working-class labour voters , the prospect of emulating their middle-class neighbours and owning their own homes on tax-subsidized mortgages proved irresistible .

So , too , were proposals to end the state-funding of higher education and charge full-cost fees , or alternatively abolish the system of grants for university students ( a particularly unpopular idea amongst middle-class Tory voters ) .
so , too , were proposals to end the state-funding of higher education and charge full-cost fees , or alternatively abolish the system of grants for university students ( a particularly unpopular idea [among/of] middle-class tory voters ) .

The Thatcher government 's strong stance on many issues won much popular support amongst a people weary of attempts to defy the law by left-wing local authorities , strike pickets , or disaffected journalists .
the thatcher government 's strong stance on many issues won much popular support [among/of] a people weary of attempts to defy the law by left-wing local authorities , strike pickets , or disaffected journalists .

The bombing was , she argued , intended to dislodge the Qaddafi regime in Libya-even though it was civilian property as much as air-bases that were bombed , with much loss of life amongst children and others .
the bombing was , she argued , intended to dislodge the qaddafi regime in libya-even though it was civilian property as much as air-bases that were bombed , with much loss of life [among/of] children and others .

The attempt to achieve a national core curriculum , while widely supported as a way of improving literacy and numeracy amongst schoolchildren , was also feared as yet another turn in the ratchet of state control over local experimentation .
the attempt to achieve a national core curriculum , while widely supported as a way of improving literacy and numeracy [among/of] schoolchildren , was also feared as yet another turn in the ratchet of state control over local experimentation .

The comparatively muted way in which the Thatcher decade was celebrated in May 1989 suggested some hesitancy amongst the Conservatives themselves .
the comparatively muted way in which the thatcher decade was celebrated in may 1989 suggested some hesitancy [among/of] the conservatives themselves .

The danger of injury or death arises less from fights between rival groups of fans as from the panic that actual or threatened attacks provoke amongst the general public .
the danger of injury or death arises less from fights between rival groups of fans as from the panic that actual or threatened attacks provoke [among/of] the general public .

Until the 1950s away support at games ( except ‘ derbies ’ ) was limited by shortage of money , especially amongst young workers .
until the 1950s away support at games ( except ‘ derbies ’ ) was limited by shortage of money , especially [among/of] young workers .

Even in a society without any apparent ‘ hooligan ’ problem such as France there was a powerful tradition of misrule before , during , and after games , especially amongst the Rugby players of the south-west .
even in a society without any apparent ‘ hooligan ’ problem such as france there was a powerful tradition of misrule before , during , and after games , especially [among/of] the rugby players of the south-west .

However , the social integration element , though unduly neglected , should not be pressed too hard , especially amongst urban workers .
however , the social integration element , though unduly neglected , should not be pressed too hard , especially [among/of] urban workers .

What the Edwardians called ‘ boy-life ’ had its own kind of ‘ clubbable ’ logic whether amongst the ‘ Old Boys ’ of the Long Room or on the terraces of Old Trafford .
what the edwardians called ‘ boy-life ’ had its own kind of ‘ clubbable ’ logic whether [among/of] the ‘ old boys ’ of the long room or on the terraces of old trafford .

Ancient games did survive amongst the young and continued to be enjoyed into the middle of this century , but their songs and rhymes , and the old chasing , throwing , and racing games were increasingly regarded as puerile .
ancient games did survive [among/of] the young and continued to be enjoyed into the middle of this century , but their songs and rhymes , and the old chasing , throwing , and racing games were increasingly regarded as puerile .

The enthusiasm of the common people for the old sports was weakened to such an extent that there was a genuine receptiveness on the part of the mass of the population to the revised forms of play that were being nurtured amongst the privileged in the mid-Victorian public schools .
the enthusiasm of the common people for the old sports was weakened to such an extent that there was a genuine receptiveness on the part of the mass of the population to the revised forms of play that were being nurtured [among/of] the privileged in the mid-victorian public schools .

Fair play embodied a new philosophy that was probably more pervasive and influential than the more widely known ‘ work-ethic ’ and ‘ call to seriousness ’ amongst the Victorians .
fair play embodied a new philosophy that was probably more pervasive and influential than the more widely known ‘ work-ethic ’ and ‘ call to seriousness ’ [among/of] the victorians .

Eliot at this period was searching amongst myths and rituals .
eliot at this period was searching [among/of] myths and rituals .

The original article shows clearly his move from primitive to sophisticated , as he demonstrates the way in which amongst primitive communities various parts of culture are inextricably interlaced .
the original article shows clearly his move from primitive to sophisticated , as he demonstrates the way in which [among/of] primitive communities various parts of culture are inextricably interlaced .

We can look at the relationship between perceptions of paper bias and the electors ' own partisanship amongst ‘ readers of right-wing papers ’ , though it has to be remembered that different Voters are Evaluating different individual papers .
we can look at the relationship between perceptions of paper bias and the electors ' own partisanship [among/of] ‘ readers of right-wing papers ’ , though it has to be remembered that different voters are evaluating different individual papers .

for both purposes , television scored significantly higher amongst those who found politics interesting at the end of the campaign , amongst information-seekers , and amongst those who read lowbrow tabloids .
for both purposes , television scored significantly higher [among/of] those who found politics interesting at the end of the campaign , [among/of] information-seekers , and [among/of] those who read lowbrow tabloids .

So amongst tabloid readers generally , but especially amongst Sun/Star readers , there was a dramatic difference between their overwhelming preference for television as a source of information and their reliance upon both press and television for helping them decide how to vote .
so [among/of] tabloid readers generally , but especially [among/of] sun/star readers , there was a dramatic difference between their overwhelming preference for television as a source of information and their reliance upon both press and television for helping them decide how to vote .

Television bias was not the cause of declining expectations of Alliance success : it was a consequence of declining expectations amongst both journalists and the public at large ( Table 7.3 ) .
television bias was not the cause of declining expectations of alliance success : it was a consequence of declining expectations [among/of] both journalists and the public at large ( table 7.3 ) .

Awareness of Thatcher and Kinnock was spread much more evenly throughout the electorate , and in so far as it did vary it was particularly high amongst those who had recently watched television news or had recently discussed the campaign ( Table 7.7 ) .
awareness of thatcher and kinnock was spread much more evenly throughout the electorate , and in so far as it did vary it was particularly high [among/of] those who had recently watched television news or had recently discussed the campaign ( table 7.7 ) .

Robinson ( 1972 ) found that , in America , the ‘ knowledge gap ’ was greater amongst those who relied on the press and smaller amongst those who relied upon television .
robinson ( 1972 ) found that , in america , the ‘ knowledge gap ’ was greater [among/of] those who relied on the press and smaller [among/of] those who relied upon television .

But the trend analyses also confirm that press partisanship had a smaller but clear influence on perceptions amongst both Labour and Conservative identifiers .
but the trend analyses also confirm that press partisanship had a smaller but clear influence on perceptions [among/of] both labour and conservative identifiers .

Amongst Labour partisans in particular the influence of the media more than doubled towards the end of the campaign , as Labour readers of right-wing papers switched from pessimism to optimism .
[among/of] labour partisans in particular the influence of the media more than doubled towards the end of the campaign , as labour readers of right-wing papers switched from pessimism to optimism .

By the end of the campaign that was no longer so true : awareness of Thatcher and Kinnock had spread much more evenly through the electorate and in so far as it did vary it was particularly high amongst those who had recently watched television news or discussed the campaign .
by the end of the campaign that was no longer so true : awareness of thatcher and kinnock had spread much more evenly through the electorate and in so far as it did vary it was particularly high [among/of] those who had recently watched television news or discussed the campaign .

The difference between Kinnock 's visibility to those with high and low levels of political interest dropped from 45 per cent before the campaign to 20 per cent at the end of the campaign ; the difference between his visibility to highbrow and lowbrow paper readers dropped from 28 per cent to a mere 5 per cent ; but over the same period the difference between his visibility amongst viewers and nonviewers of television news actually rose slightly .
the difference between kinnock 's visibility to those with high and low levels of political interest dropped from 45 per cent before the campaign to 20 per cent at the end of the campaign ; the difference between his visibility to highbrow and lowbrow paper readers dropped from 28 per cent to a mere 5 per cent ; but over the same period the difference between his visibility [among/of] viewers and nonviewers of television news actually rose slightly .

Thatcher 's image ratings were 25 per cent higher amongst Conservative identifiers than amongst Labour identifiers in the Pre-Campaign Wave and became 30 per cent higher by the end of the campaign .
thatcher 's image ratings were 25 per cent higher [among/of] conservative identifiers than [among/of] labour identifiers in the pre-campaign wave and became 30 per cent higher by the end of the campaign .

Kinnock 's image rating was 15 per cent lower amongst Conservative identifiers in the Pre-Campaign Wave and 18 per cent lower by the end of the campaign ( Table 8.4 ) .
kinnock 's image rating was 15 per cent lower [among/of] conservative identifiers in the pre-campaign wave and 18 per cent lower by the end of the campaign ( table 8.4 ) .

It had a particularly strong influence amongst Labour identifiers , especially towards the end of the campaign .
it had a particularly strong influence [among/of] labour identifiers , especially towards the end of the campaign .

Amongst Labour identifiers , the effect of reading a right-wing paper on their relative preference for the Conservatives on unemployment was 13 per cent in the Pre-Campaign Wave , rising to 19 per cent by the second half of the campaign ( Table 8.10 ) .
[among/of] labour identifiers , the effect of reading a right-wing paper on their relative preference for the conservatives on unemployment was 13 per cent in the pre-campaign wave , rising to 19 per cent by the second half of the campaign ( table 8.10 ) .

Amongst those who were Conservative or Labour before the campaign , press bias had about a 6 per cent effect ; amongst those who originally had an Alliance preference it had a 23 per cent effect ; while amongst those who were originally undecided it had a 28 per cent effect — measuring all these effects in terms of the Conservative lead over Labour ( Table 8.14 ) .
[among/of] those who were conservative or labour before the campaign , press bias had about a 6 per cent effect ; [among/of] those who originally had an alliance preference it had a 23 per cent effect ; while [among/of] those who were originally undecided it had a 28 per cent effect — measuring all these effects in terms of the conservative lead over labour ( table 8.14 ) .

Support for the Alliance was weaker amongst readers of the tabloids than readers of the quality press : all perhaps as expected .
support for the alliance was weaker [among/of] readers of the tabloids than readers of the quality press : all perhaps as expected .

The corresponding percentage of party ‘ supporters ’ amongst Guardian readers was 66 per cent , amongst Telegraph etc .
the corresponding percentage of party ‘ supporters ’ [among/of] guardian readers was 66 per cent , [among/of] telegraph etc .

, readers 62 per cent , and amongst Express/Mail readers 56 per cent .
, readers 62 per cent , and [among/of] express/mail readers 56 per cent .

Amongst Sun/Star readers it was a mere 41 per cent .
[among/of] sun/star readers it was a mere 41 per cent .

It increased by 17 per cent amongst Express/Mail readers , and by 34 per cent amongst Sun/Star readers , but by a mere 2 per cent amongst Mirror readers , which suggests the tabloids did influence their readers .
it increased by 17 per cent [among/of] express/mail readers , and by 34 per cent [among/of] sun/star readers , but by a mere 2 per cent [among/of] mirror readers , which suggests the tabloids did influence their readers .

Throughout the electorate the swing to the Conservatives was stronger amongst those who generally had relatively little interest in politics ; amongst those who did not tune in to watch highbrow television or radio news ; amongst those without professional qualifications ; and amongst those who , despite stating a party preference in 1986 , none the less denied being party ‘ supporters ’ — we can call them politically ‘ uncommitted ’ — even when they had political preferences .
throughout the electorate the swing to the conservatives was stronger [among/of] those who generally had relatively little interest in politics ; [among/of] those who did not tune in to watch highbrow television or radio news ; [among/of] those without professional qualifications ; and [among/of] those who , despite stating a party preference in 1986 , none the less denied being party ‘ supporters ’ — we can call them politically ‘ uncommitted ’ — even when they had political preferences .

Overall , the Conservative lead increased between 1986 and June 1987 by only 5 per cent amongst party supporters , but by 18 per cent amongst the uncommitted .
overall , the conservative lead increased between 1986 and june 1987 by only 5 per cent [among/of] party supporters , but by 18 per cent [among/of] the uncommitted .

Amongst party supporters it increased by no more than 10 per cent , irrespective of what paper they read .
[among/of] party supporters it increased by no more than 10 per cent , irrespective of what paper they read .

But amongst uncommitted voters , it increased by 28 per cent amongst Express/Mail readers and 50 per cent amongst Sun/Star readers .
but [among/of] uncommitted voters , it increased by 28 per cent [among/of] express/mail readers and 50 per cent [among/of] sun/star readers .

In contrast , there was no drift to the Conservatives amongst uncommitted Mirror readers .
in contrast , there was no drift to the conservatives [among/of] uncommitted mirror readers .

Swings were highest amongst those who relied more on television than the press for help in deciding how to vote , rather lower amongst those who relied more on the press , and lowest of all amongst the 40 per cent of the electorate who found television and the press equally useful .
swings were highest [among/of] those who relied more on television than the press for help in deciding how to vote , rather lower [among/of] those who relied more on the press , and lowest of all [among/of] the 40 per cent of the electorate who found television and the press equally useful .

Amongst readers of the same paper ( or paper-group as defined in Table 8.17 ) those who said they relied more on the press than on television were more likely to swing in the direction of their paper 's partisanship : Sun/Star and Express/ Mail readers who relied more on their papers swung more strongly to the Conservatives than Sun/Star and Express/Mail readers who relied more on television ; at the same time , Mirror readers who relied more on their paper swung towards Labour , while Mirror readers who relied more on television swung towards the Conservatives .
[among/of] readers of the same paper ( or paper-group as defined in table 8.17 ) those who said they relied more on the press than on television were more likely to swing in the direction of their paper 's partisanship : sun/star and express/ mail readers who relied more on their papers swung more strongly to the conservatives than sun/star and express/mail readers who relied more on television ; at the same time , mirror readers who relied more on their paper swung towards labour , while mirror readers who relied more on television swung towards the conservatives .

We found evidence that the electors exercised a coherent choice amongst the media sources on offer ; and that they enjoyed exercising that choice .
we found evidence that the electors exercised a coherent choice [among/of] the media sources on offer ; and that they enjoyed exercising that choice .

Only the Guardian amongst the qualities and the Mirror ( with its Scottish stable-mate , the Record ) amongst the tabloids could be considered even moderately left-wing in 1987 .
only the guardian [among/of] the qualities and the mirror ( with its scottish stable-mate , the record ) [among/of] the tabloids could be considered even moderately left-wing in 1987 .

One of the results of group marriage was that people shared amongst themselves a large number of spouses .
one of the results of group marriage was that people shared [among/of] themselves a large number of spouses .

Finally , since there is no simple correlation between high status for women and matriliny and since there is no simple connection between matriliny and type of technology , it follows that there is no simple connection between primitive technology and high status for women . Among living hunters and gatherers , women may have a comparatively high status as amongst the Mbuti of Africa , or a comparatively low status among most Australian Aborigines
finally , since there is no simple correlation between high status for women and matriliny and since there is no simple connection between matriliny and type of technology , it follows that there is no simple connection between primitive technology and high status for women . among living hunters and gatherers , women may have a comparatively high status as [among/of] the mbuti of africa , or a comparatively low status among most australian aborigines

‘ To a great degree , the reason for the contrast of wealth amongst poverty lies in the ownership and use of the land .
‘ to a great degree , the reason for the contrast of wealth [among/of] poverty lies in the ownership and use of the land .

On Doody 's death in 1706 , the Court of Apothecaries agreed to lease the garden to a joint stock of ninety subscribers , amongst whom Isaac Rand was prominent .
on doody 's death in 1706 , the court of apothecaries agreed to lease the garden to a joint stock of ninety subscribers , [among/of] whom isaac rand was prominent .

Thomas Fairchild ( 1667–1729 ) was already known for his City Gardener , with its advice on flowers , evergreens and shrubs suitable for London gardens and another member , Robert Furber , who experimented with many new trees and plants in his Kensington nursery numbered a horse chestnut with a scarlet flower amongst his novelties .
thomas fairchild ( 1667–1729 ) was already known for his city gardener , with its advice on flowers , evergreens and shrubs suitable for london gardens and another member , robert furber , who experimented with many new trees and plants in his kensington nursery numbered a horse chestnut with a scarlet flower [among/of] his novelties .

The porcelain produced at Chelsea was said to compare with Dresden 's fine china and there was always keen competition amongst dealers who waited at the doors to purchase pieces as soon as they emerged from the ovens .
the porcelain produced at chelsea was said to compare with dresden 's fine china and there was always keen competition [among/of] dealers who waited at the doors to purchase pieces as soon as they emerged from the ovens .

There remains one last letter dated September 1767 amongst those examined for this chapter .
there remains one last letter dated september 1767 [among/of] those examined for this chapter .

But it is very lately that the truly magnificent taste in gardening has flourished in these northern parts of Europe , for although in King Charles the Second 's reign there was great spirit amongst the nobility and gentry of England for planting and gardening , which spirit was greatly heighten 'd in King William 's reign , during which time most of the large gardens of England were laid out and planted , yet we find the taste at that time extended little farther than to small pieces of box-wood , finish 'd parterres and clipp 'd greens , all of which are now generally banished out of the gardens of the most polite persons of this age , who justly prefer the more extended rural designs of gardens which approach the nearest to nature .
but it is very lately that the truly magnificent taste in gardening has flourished in these northern parts of europe , for although in king charles the second 's reign there was great spirit [among/of] the nobility and gentry of england for planting and gardening , which spirit was greatly heighten 'd in king william 's reign , during which time most of the large gardens of england were laid out and planted , yet we find the taste at that time extended little farther than to small pieces of box-wood , finish 'd parterres and clipp 'd greens , all of which are now generally banished out of the gardens of the most polite persons of this age , who justly prefer the more extended rural designs of gardens which approach the nearest to nature .

In the following month his was amongst the names of twenty foreign professors to receive the Micheliano Catalogo and in 1758 he appeared on a list of those to receive a consignment of seeds .
in the following month his was [among/of] the names of twenty foreign professors to receive the micheliano catalogo and in 1758 he appeared on a list of those to receive a consignment of seeds .

In 1742 the vast Thorndon collections were dispersed amongst other estates .
in 1742 the vast thorndon collections were dispersed [among/of] other estates .

Through his diligent direction a collector was found , transport organised and distribution arranged amongst those in this country best fitted to propagate and redistribute these rarities from the West .
through his diligent direction a collector was found , transport organised and distribution arranged [among/of] those in this country best fitted to propagate and redistribute these rarities from the west .

His occupation as a City merchant and his great interest in horticulture gave him an advantageous position amongst a wide circle of friends , both at home and abroad .
his occupation as a city merchant and his great interest in horticulture gave him an advantageous position [among/of] a wide circle of friends , both at home and abroad .

Bartram 's Observations on the Inhabitants , Climate , Soil , River , Production : from Pennsylvania to Onodaga , Oswego and the Lake Ontario had been published in London ( 1751 ) , and for the past twenty years he had dispatched his boxes of seeds and plants to be disseminated amongst owners of noteworthy gardens who acknowledged his industry .
bartram 's observations on the inhabitants , climate , soil , river , production : from pennsylvania to onodaga , oswego and the lake ontario had been published in london ( 1751 ) , and for the past twenty years he had dispatched his boxes of seeds and plants to be disseminated [among/of] owners of noteworthy gardens who acknowledged his industry .

The last and incomplete letter from Miller in the Darlington collection , dated 10 November 1769 , carried a wish for plants from Bartram 's garden , because he believed there to be new genera amongst them , but specimens had been ‘ so much compressed as to render the distinguishing characters very doubtful ’ .
the last and incomplete letter from miller in the darlington collection , dated 10 november 1769 , carried a wish for plants from bartram 's garden , because he believed there to be new genera [among/of] them , but specimens had been ‘ so much compressed as to render the distinguishing characters very doubtful ’ .

Amongst four hundred subscribers listed at the beginning of this Dictionary John Martyn was one of the sixty to order large paper copies .
[among/of] four hundred subscribers listed at the beginning of this dictionary john martyn was one of the sixty to order large paper copies .

At home many keen gardeners amongst the clergy subscribed , for example , the Dean of Rochester and the Rev .
at home many keen gardeners [among/of] the clergy subscribed , for example , the dean of rochester and the rev .

This paper was probably circulated amongst those interested and Miller 's advice followed , as the Register of Premiums and Bounties of the Royal Society of Arts contains many awards for the cultivation of madder , particularly in East Anglia and Kent , during the years 1755–67 .
this paper was probably circulated [among/of] those interested and miller 's advice followed , as the register of premiums and bounties of the royal society of arts contains many awards for the cultivation of madder , particularly in east anglia and kent , during the years 1755–67 .

The Red Rose and the Rosa Mundi commonly grow from three to four feet high , but seldom exceed that ; but the Damask , Provence and Frankfurt Roses grow to the height of seven or eight feet , so that in planting them , great care should be taken to place their several kinds , according to their various growth , amongst other shrubs , that they may appear beautiful to the eye .
the red rose and the rosa mundi commonly grow from three to four feet high , but seldom exceed that ; but the damask , provence and frankfurt roses grow to the height of seven or eight feet , so that in planting them , great care should be taken to place their several kinds , according to their various growth , [among/of] other shrubs , that they may appear beautiful to the eye .

Although Terminal courses would probably remain as the bulk of provision — ‘ the breadth of the base of the movement amongst ordinary folk ’ — ‘ the Tutorial Class must be the demonstration that real understanding , whatever the purpose , requires sustained effort ; and a significant expansion of activity at this level is the true index of a significant expansion of a genuinely informed public .
although terminal courses would probably remain as the bulk of provision — ‘ the breadth of the base of the movement [among/of] ordinary folk ’ — ‘ the tutorial class must be the demonstration that real understanding , whatever the purpose , requires sustained effort ; and a significant expansion of activity at this level is the true index of a significant expansion of a genuinely informed public .

Therefore , his main studies were amongst the great wealth of practical and devotional literature written by the earlier Puritan authors .
therefore , his main studies were [among/of] the great wealth of practical and devotional literature written by the earlier puritan authors .

He decided he would make this into an interesting tale to tell amongst his fellow drunks .
he decided he would make this into an interesting tale to tell [among/of] his fellow drunks .

He was especially concerned about the prevalence of Antinomian teachings amongst the soldiers .
he was especially concerned about the prevalence of antinomian teachings [among/of] the soldiers .

The main occupation of the people of Kidderminster in those days was weaving , so there were few rich people amongst them .
the main occupation of the people of kidderminster in those days was weaving , so there were few rich people [among/of] them .

However , there were some wealthy and influential people who were enthusiastic supporters of Baxter 's amongst whom were many of the local J.P.s .
however , there were some wealthy and influential people who were enthusiastic supporters of baxter 's [among/of] whom were many of the local j.p.s .

The message of Richard Baxter 's preaching was reinforced by his personal work amongst the people .
the message of richard baxter 's preaching was reinforced by his personal work [among/of] the people .

It was during these years in Kidderminster that amongst all his other labours , Richard Baxter found time to write some sixty books .
it was during these years in kidderminster that [among/of] all his other labours , richard baxter found time to write some sixty books .

Richard Baxter occupied a very influential position amongst Nonconformists during the latter half of the 17th .
richard baxter occupied a very influential position [among/of] nonconformists during the latter half of the 17th .

At a second Walla Walla council in September 1856 , Stevens found that although the Nez Perce were unwilling to fight , they were clearly divided , largely as a legacy of Spalding 's days amongst them .
at a second walla walla council in september 1856 , stevens found that although the nez perce were unwilling to fight , they were clearly divided , largely as a legacy of spalding 's days [among/of] them .

The Romans who settled on the banks of the Rivers Fleet and Thames , were not unopposed ; amongst other difficulties , they had to contend with Boadicea , the fierce lady leader of the local inhabitants .
the romans who settled on the banks of the rivers fleet and thames , were not unopposed ; [among/of] other difficulties , they had to contend with boadicea , the fierce lady leader of the local inhabitants .

The Earl of Essex , who was in overall charge of all the Parliamentary troops , with the advice of Cromwell , decided that the advance of the Royal troops on London must be halted , so he asked for volunteers from amongst the considerable number of apprentices in London ; armed them as best he could and they marched to Turnham Green where they were able to inflict such losses on the troops led by Prince Rupert that they were forced to withdraw , and there was no subsequent attempt to capture London .
the earl of essex , who was in overall charge of all the parliamentary troops , with the advice of cromwell , decided that the advance of the royal troops on london must be halted , so he asked for volunteers from [among/of] the considerable number of apprentices in london ; armed them as best he could and they marched to turnham green where they were able to inflict such losses on the troops led by prince rupert that they were forced to withdraw , and there was no subsequent attempt to capture london .

In those days there existed another Methodist Society , known as the Primitive Methodists , and they had established themselves in Chiswick using a room in Devonshire Road , and working amongst the labouring classes of the community .
in those days there existed another methodist society , known as the primitive methodists , and they had established themselves in chiswick using a room in devonshire road , and working [among/of] the labouring classes of the community .

Poverty amongst the general populous was still quite common , at that time , and it often meant appalling destitution .
poverty [among/of] the general populous was still quite common , at that time , and it often meant appalling destitution .

All members are entitled to make or to support a nomination for any vacancy amongst the officers and the elected members of Council and boards subject , where appropriate , to members hip of a particular Division , association with a particular district , or professional membership .
all members are entitled to make or to support a nomination for any vacancy [among/of] the officers and the elected members of council and boards subject , where appropriate , to members hip of a particular division , association with a particular district , or professional membership .

Few would dispute the diversity manifest in the organization of social services delivery , both amongst area teams ( Challis and Ferlie , 1987 ) and at secondary level ( Challis and Ferlie , 1986 ) .
few would dispute the diversity manifest in the organization of social services delivery , both [among/of] area teams ( challis and ferlie , 1987 ) and at secondary level ( challis and ferlie , 1986 ) .

In this paper we trace the main contributions to the debate and then present the results from a first attempt , with one client group ( the elderly ) and with a small number of teams ( four ) , to pin-point differential outcomes amongst the most prominent models of area team organization .
in this paper we trace the main contributions to the debate and then present the results from a first attempt , with one client group ( the elderly ) and with a small number of teams ( four ) , to pin-point differential outcomes [among/of] the most prominent models of area team organization .

An overall conclusion on the developmental role is not too difficult to discern amongst the different assessments .
an overall conclusion on the developmental role is not too difficult to discern [among/of] the different assessments .

Amongst these would be flexible respite care for disabled children that might be more widely applied ; family centre models based on partnership and participation and high quality direct work with children .
[among/of] these would be flexible respite care for disabled children that might be more widely applied ; family centre models based on partnership and participation and high quality direct work with children .

Indeed , three years ago the 360° aerial loop was considered an impossible feat but now it is commonplace amongst the top wave sailors .
indeed , three years ago the 360° aerial loop was considered an impossible feat but now it is commonplace [among/of] the top wave sailors .

Whilst sailing in surf you should always keep an eye out for these sets since if you do n't you may suddenly find yourself amongst the larger waves whose ‘ rinse cycles ’ are considerably more vigorous than that of a washing machine .
whilst sailing in surf you should always keep an eye out for these sets since if you do n't you may suddenly find yourself [among/of] the larger waves whose ‘ rinse cycles ’ are considerably more vigorous than that of a washing machine .

‘ Try it amongst yourselves . ’
‘ try it [among/of] yourselves . ’

Nutty could not begin to say , amongst the so obvious shortcomings : too big , too old , too nervous , too dull , too run-down , too absolutely bloody hopeless , like the team itself .
nutty could not begin to say , [among/of] the so obvious shortcomings : too big , too old , too nervous , too dull , too run-down , too absolutely bloody hopeless , like the team itself .

The Smith residence was a plush , elderly house set amongst trees and shrubs off the road ; the lights were on and there was to be no deliverance .
the smith residence was a plush , elderly house set [among/of] trees and shrubs off the road ; the lights were on and there was to be no deliverance .

Whether or not he is a pimp is immaterial : the house in which the Gomez couple live — one amongst many similarly decrepit properties owned by Jubilee in the vicinity — is full of signs of sexual activity , such as numbers of children playing on the stairs , in the hallways , and running along the landing , and Judy Gomez 's pregnancy .
whether or not he is a pimp is immaterial : the house in which the gomez couple live — one [among/of] many similarly decrepit properties owned by jubilee in the vicinity — is full of signs of sexual activity , such as numbers of children playing on the stairs , in the hallways , and running along the landing , and judy gomez 's pregnancy .

The Te Deum was never the most popular text amongst composers of the pre-Baroque , but in the eighteenth century it enjoyed a new , though rather limited , vogue : from Purcell and Handel to Haydn , festive settings with large and colourful forces became the norm .
the te deum was never the most popular text [among/of] composers of the pre-baroque , but in the eighteenth century it enjoyed a new , though rather limited , vogue : from purcell and handel to haydn , festive settings with large and colourful forces became the norm .

This year 's Buyers ' Guide to Tractors appears against a back-drop of falling sales and continued shuffling amongst tractor makers and importers .
this year 's buyers ' guide to tractors appears against a back-drop of falling sales and continued shuffling [among/of] tractor makers and importers .

Keep these in distinct formal groups , preferably amongst other plants that will disguise their dying foliage .
keep these in distinct formal groups , preferably [among/of] other plants that will disguise their dying foliage .

One look in the mirror he kept tucked away amongst his things by the bed told him that he was looking decidedly well .
one look in the mirror he kept tucked away [among/of] his things by the bed told him that he was looking decidedly well .

Richard Allan Soloway 's excellent study of the birth control movement between 1870 and 1930 may well reveal the extent to which these groups were concerned about the need to spread knowledge about birth control amongst the working classes but , it would seem , in the light of more recent research , that such concern was inappropriate .
richard allan soloway 's excellent study of the birth control movement between 1870 and 1930 may well reveal the extent to which these groups were concerned about the need to spread knowledge about birth control [among/of] the working classes but , it would seem , in the light of more recent research , that such concern was inappropriate .

Thirdly , however , it is likely that the ‘ acquisitive way of life ’ will have operated amongst the middle class , the working class employed in the new expanding consumer industries , and those migrating from the old industrial areas to the South East and the Midlands .
thirdly , however , it is likely that the ‘ acquisitive way of life ’ will have operated [among/of] the middle class , the working class employed in the new expanding consumer industries , and those migrating from the old industrial areas to the south east and the midlands .

As a result the expansionist economic policies favoured by David Lloyd George found little support amongst electors and , thus , in parliament .
as a result the expansionist economic policies favoured by david lloyd george found little support [among/of] electors and , thus , in parliament .

This view contrasts sharply with the disillusioned , almost pessimistic , reflections of George Orwell who wrote in England Your England that there was no true internationalism amongst the British working class .
this view contrasts sharply with the disillusioned , almost pessimistic , reflections of george orwell who wrote in england your england that there was no true internationalism [among/of] the british working class .

Dot liked the reassuring look of those dumplings , plump and pale , floating amongst the shreds of yellowish green in the huge pan .
dot liked the reassuring look of those dumplings , plump and pale , floating [among/of] the shreds of yellowish green in the huge pan .

She looked up at the curved glass roof overhead , so high and with pigeons on the inside , fluttering amongst the iron girders , trapped inside .
she looked up at the curved glass roof overhead , so high and with pigeons on the inside , fluttering [among/of] the iron girders , trapped inside .

When Baby had been here , Dot remembered how she had yearned to be with him , amongst those quiet children so calm in their tidy beds .
when baby had been here , dot remembered how she had yearned to be with him , [among/of] those quiet children so calm in their tidy beds .

the bark of the oaks was not brown but pale gold ; how primroses were nestling safely amongst tussocks of bristly dry grass .
the bark of the oaks was not brown but pale gold ; how primroses were nestling safely [among/of] tussocks of bristly dry grass .

Lily bulbs benefit from improved drainage and need cool roots , so using as spot plantings amongst other perennial plants and shrubs is ideal .
lily bulbs benefit from improved drainage and need cool roots , so using as spot plantings [among/of] other perennial plants and shrubs is ideal .

One moment he had thought himself alone amongst the greenery and the next he was staring into grey gaunt features closely framed by a tiny skylight in the angle of the roof .
one moment he had thought himself alone [among/of] the greenery and the next he was staring into grey gaunt features closely framed by a tiny skylight in the angle of the roof .

Frankie could imagine only one thing worse than being counted amongst the ‘ baldies ’ .
frankie could imagine only one thing worse than being counted [among/of] the ‘ baldies ’ .

He recognized Nurse 's letter lying amongst the litter on the sideboard .
he recognized nurse 's letter lying [among/of] the litter on the sideboard .

Concealed amongst the coats , Frankie listened to the grunts of the animals and the low harsh voices of the men .
concealed [among/of] the coats , frankie listened to the grunts of the animals and the low harsh voices of the men .

Standing in shallow water amongst the tall reeds on the banks of the river , Mark counted eight herons , all motionless , their necks inclined upwards at precisely the same angle , as if in silent prayer .
standing in shallow water [among/of] the tall reeds on the banks of the river , mark counted eight herons , all motionless , their necks inclined upwards at precisely the same angle , as if in silent prayer .

Amongst the great majority , the faith of earlier centuries persisted , at least outwardly ; indeed , if we look for a movement of thought and feeling that by the end of the century had penetrated into every class of society except the highest , we shall find it in the revival of ‘ vital religion ’ , or ‘ enthusiasm ’ , as it was also called .
[among/of] the great majority , the faith of earlier centuries persisted , at least outwardly ; indeed , if we look for a movement of thought and feeling that by the end of the century had penetrated into every class of society except the highest , we shall find it in the revival of ‘ vital religion ’ , or ‘ enthusiasm ’ , as it was also called .

It includes , amongst other objects , drinking vessels , iron weapons and chain mail , huge silver dishes imported from the eastern Mediterranean , a lyre , ivory gaming pieces , fine gold personal jewellery and regalia , and coins .
it includes , [among/of] other objects , drinking vessels , iron weapons and chain mail , huge silver dishes imported from the eastern mediterranean , a lyre , ivory gaming pieces , fine gold personal jewellery and regalia , and coins .

Secondly , ritual , in addition to mirroring the anxieties of society , also expresses the ordering of society in all its aspects and complexity , and to use the words of Ortner , may be viewed as marking the universal human endeavour to transcend and control the world of nature ( amongst other things ) .
secondly , ritual , in addition to mirroring the anxieties of society , also expresses the ordering of society in all its aspects and complexity , and to use the words of ortner , may be viewed as marking the universal human endeavour to transcend and control the world of nature ( [among/of] other things ) .

The Goddess , in various forms , is widely worshipped amongst Hindus .
the goddess , in various forms , is widely worshipped [among/of] hindus .

There was much more movement amongst the people .
there was much more movement [among/of] the people .

There is interest amongst spinners regarding the long galleries .
there is interest [among/of] spinners regarding the long galleries .

On making enquiries , it seems that there are no records of an earlier gallery here , but it is pleasant to see a reminder of bygone days amongst the new shops in the restoration of this attractive yard .
on making enquiries , it seems that there are no records of an earlier gallery here , but it is pleasant to see a reminder of bygone days [among/of] the new shops in the restoration of this attractive yard .

Even at the most practical , simple level , those concerns and aspects of their lives ‘ which are not highly valued by external observers may well be amongst the most significant .
even at the most practical , simple level , those concerns and aspects of their lives ‘ which are not highly valued by external observers may well be [among/of] the most significant .

This is not good practice as it leads to confusion amongst users with an increased possibility of errors that may lead to the very problem the procedure was trying to avoid .
this is not good practice as it leads to confusion [among/of] users with an increased possibility of errors that may lead to the very problem the procedure was trying to avoid .

Few buyers in any event fully realise the extent of their cleaning materials purchases as the various items are distributed amongst diverse cost centres and attributed budgets .
few buyers in any event fully realise the extent of their cleaning materials purchases as the various items are distributed [among/of] diverse cost centres and attributed budgets .

Relations of surplus extraction , population growth and the relevant characteristics of the environment are only three sets of variables amongst many others .
relations of surplus extraction , population growth and the relevant characteristics of the environment are only three sets of variables [among/of] many others .

Its spine was missing , or rather protruded from amongst the leaves like a bulky marker .
its spine was missing , or rather protruded from [among/of] the leaves like a bulky marker .

They were not even allowed to attempt to grow things in tubs in their black area , for reasons vague but peremptory , put forward by their landlady , an octogenarian Mrs Irving , who inhabited the three floors above them in a rank civet fug amongst unnumbered cats , and who kept the garden as bright and wholesome and well-ordered as her living-room was sparse and decomposing .
they were not even allowed to attempt to grow things in tubs in their black area , for reasons vague but peremptory , put forward by their landlady , an octogenarian mrs irving , who inhabited the three floors above them in a rank civet fug [among/of] unnumbered cats , and who kept the garden as bright and wholesome and well-ordered as her living-room was sparse and decomposing .

Here , in an empty silence , he unpacked his bicycle panniers and went up to the pantry where the bulk of the xerox squatted amongst unsavoury tea-towels beside a tea-stained sink .
here , in an empty silence , he unpacked his bicycle panniers and went up to the pantry where the bulk of the xerox squatted [among/of] unsavoury tea-towels beside a tea-stained sink .

There was a way down , on iron rungs , from the Reading Room , and a way out , through a high locked portal , which brought you up into the sunless Egyptian necropolis , amongst blind staring pharaohs , crouching scribes , minor sphinxes and empty mummy-cases .
there was a way down , on iron rungs , from the reading room , and a way out , through a high locked portal , which brought you up into the sunless egyptian necropolis , [among/of] blind staring pharaohs , crouching scribes , minor sphinxes and empty mummy-cases .

Blackadder sat amongst the apparent chaos and actual order of his great edition , sifting a drift of small paper slips in a valley between cliffs of furred-edged index cards and bulging mottled files .
blackadder sat [among/of] the apparent chaos and actual order of his great edition , sifting a drift of small paper slips in a valley between cliffs of furred-edged index cards and bulging mottled files .

He emerged amongst the Egyptian heavyweights and saw , between two huge stone legs , something rapid and white and golden that turned out to be Fergus Wolff , also heading for coffee .
he emerged [among/of] the egyptian heavyweights and saw , between two huge stone legs , something rapid and white and golden that turned out to be fergus wolff , also heading for coffee .

They were now clogged with fallen leaves , amongst which Koi carp pushed blunt pearly noses .
they were now clogged with fallen leaves , [among/of] which koi carp pushed blunt pearly noses .

On the grassy mound lay the ghost of a large , indeed opulent bouquet , held together by bridal wires , now rusted amongst the mop heads of dead chrysanthemums and carnations , the skeletal leaves of long-faded roses .
on the grassy mound lay the ghost of a large , indeed opulent bouquet , held together by bridal wires , now rusted [among/of] the mop heads of dead chrysanthemums and carnations , the skeletal leaves of long-faded roses .

The subject of Les Fruits d'or ( 1963 ) is a novel which is itself entitled ‘ Les Fruits d'or ’ ; this situation acts as a catalyst for tropistic interactions amongst a set of predominantly anonymous figures who are trapped within the fixed patterns of social discourse .
the subject of les fruits d'or ( 1963 ) is a novel which is itself entitled ‘ les fruits d'or ’ ; this situation acts as a catalyst for tropistic interactions [among/of] a set of predominantly anonymous figures who are trapped within the fixed patterns of social discourse .

It is perhaps because of an effort to buck the trend towards an insufferable and market-conscious cleverness that we are witnessing an attempt amongst more committed narrators to seek out a way of dealing directly with the emotions , without all the paraphernalia of intrigue and description that has accumulated over the past few years .
it is perhaps because of an effort to buck the trend towards an insufferable and market-conscious cleverness that we are witnessing an attempt [among/of] more committed narrators to seek out a way of dealing directly with the emotions , without all the paraphernalia of intrigue and description that has accumulated over the past few years .

If one simply looks at the level of unemployment amongst architects over time , it is difficult to identify a clear pattern linked to any of the regulatory reforms .
if one simply looks at the level of unemployment [among/of] architects over time , it is difficult to identify a clear pattern linked to any of the regulatory reforms .

In fact , when his colourful personal life is added into the equation , the line between reality and fiction becomes very blurred indeed , though that is nothing new amongst the elite in Hollywood history .
in fact , when his colourful personal life is added into the equation , the line between reality and fiction becomes very blurred indeed , though that is nothing new [among/of] the elite in hollywood history .

Jack reckoned he was known amongst his male friends of that era as the Great Seducer — his own words — but friend-for-life Robert Towne did not quite remember it that way .
jack reckoned he was known [among/of] his male friends of that era as the great seducer — his own words — but friend-for-life robert towne did not quite remember it that way .

Something was happening amongst the youth movement that so admired him and he could n't quite put his finger on it .
something was happening [among/of] the youth movement that so admired him and he could n't quite put his finger on it .

Very quickly , Polanski and Nicholson became darlings of the west coast film and rock-music communities , who were also selecting the new heroes of the screen — anti-heroes in fact — because it was old values that had kept those handsome , pristine hulks of the last generation at the top and old values were now strictly taboo amongst the young and trendy .
very quickly , polanski and nicholson became darlings of the west coast film and rock-music communities , who were also selecting the new heroes of the screen — anti-heroes in fact — because it was old values that had kept those handsome , pristine hulks of the last generation at the top and old values were now strictly taboo [among/of] the young and trendy .

Amongst never married women the period increased only slightly from 18 months in 1979 to 19 months in 1987 .
[among/of] never married women the period increased only slightly from 18 months in 1979 to 19 months in 1987 .

The highest proportion of lone parent families occur amongst the Afro-Caribbean groups ; 42 % of all West Indian/Guyanese and 24 % of all African families are lone parent families .
the highest proportion of lone parent families occur [among/of] the afro-caribbean groups ; 42 % of all west indian/guyanese and 24 % of all african families are lone parent families .

Amongst dual-earner married couples with children , women 's earnings contributed 25 % of family income from employment ( Family Expenditure Survey 1989 ) .
[among/of] dual-earner married couples with children , women 's earnings contributed 25 % of family income from employment ( family expenditure survey 1989 ) .

The highest spending is amongst families with more members in paid employment , and lowest amongst pensioner families .
the highest spending is [among/of] families with more members in paid employment , and lowest [among/of] pensioner families .

Social policies often assume that the income and expenditure of a household is divided equally amongst members of the household , in particular between husband and wife .
social policies often assume that the income and expenditure of a household is divided equally [among/of] members of the household , in particular between husband and wife .

Cabinet ministers , who had been asked to canvass opinion amongst their junior ministers , were contacted by the Leader of the House , John McGregor .
cabinet ministers , who had been asked to canvass opinion [among/of] their junior ministers , were contacted by the leader of the house , john mcgregor .

At home , amongst his people , Mr Kinnock 's speech provoked the most spontaneous and enthusiastic standing ovation he had received in the last three weeks on the campaign trail .
at home , [among/of] his people , mr kinnock 's speech provoked the most spontaneous and enthusiastic standing ovation he had received in the last three weeks on the campaign trail .

It is free from many of the constraints of timetabling , shared usage of stations and so on which limit the extent of true independence amongst the passenger and parcels sectors .
it is free from many of the constraints of timetabling , shared usage of stations and so on which limit the extent of true independence [among/of] the passenger and parcels sectors .

Employee fundraising appears to be an increasingly popular option and whilst it involves a lot more work than a straight donation it has the ability to generate longer term grass roots support amongst employees .
employee fundraising appears to be an increasingly popular option and whilst it involves a lot more work than a straight donation it has the ability to generate longer term grass roots support [among/of] employees .

Amongst items produced by the Imperial War Museum are some suitable for use during reminiscence sessions .
[among/of] items produced by the imperial war museum are some suitable for use during reminiscence sessions .

Amongst the performance criteria to be taken into account when deciding allocations will be councils ' willingness to involve the private sector in the management and maintenance of its housing stock , and the extent of tenant participation in the management of estates .
[among/of] the performance criteria to be taken into account when deciding allocations will be councils ' willingness to involve the private sector in the management and maintenance of its housing stock , and the extent of tenant participation in the management of estates .

Includes discussion of lack of awareness amongst older people of means to help save energy .
includes discussion of lack of awareness [among/of] older people of means to help save energy .

Health needs and beliefs , special circumstances , cultural requirements and the history of immigration are amongst the subjects discussed with reference to individual minority groups .
health needs and beliefs , special circumstances , cultural requirements and the history of immigration are [among/of] the subjects discussed with reference to individual minority groups .

Amongst those who have been appalled by the bolting is local activist Malcolm Baxter .
[among/of] those who have been appalled by the bolting is local activist malcolm baxter .

Amongst the dust and waste , characters who might have stepped straight out of the pages of Dickens or Mrs Gaskell bloomed .
[among/of] the dust and waste , characters who might have stepped straight out of the pages of dickens or mrs gaskell bloomed .

In his chagrin he wandered up on to Moel Siabod above his home , where a clump of purple flowers amongst the grey rocks of the mountain caught his eye , just as they might that of some solitary wanderer today .
in his chagrin he wandered up on to moel siabod above his home , where a clump of purple flowers [among/of] the grey rocks of the mountain caught his eye , just as they might that of some solitary wanderer today .

The word ‘ theory ’ has always aroused suspicion amongst the English , who see themselves as practical people and sound empiricists .
the word ‘ theory ’ has always aroused suspicion [among/of] the english , who see themselves as practical people and sound empiricists .

Amongst the most important of these carefully plotted works are : de Falla 's The Three-Cornered Hat ( 1919 ) which originally accompanied a mime play and so fascinated Diaghilev that he commissioned the composer to enlarge it for Massine 's ballet ( see page 59 ) ; Vaughan William 's Job , commissioned by Diaghilev , was unused until de Valois created her important ‘ Masque for Dancing ’ ( 1931 ) ( this marked the inaugural performance of what has become The Royal Ballet ) ; Arthur Bliss ' Checkmate ( 1937 ) was choreographed by de Valois after both composer and choreographer had worked on the plot ; Prokofiev 's Romeo and Juliet was composed with the help of a Shakespearean theatre expert and has been used notably by Lavrovsky , Ashton and MacMillan ( see page 26 ) ; and Ashton provided a roughly outlined plot for Hans Werner Henze 's score for Ondine ( 1958 ) .
[among/of] the most important of these carefully plotted works are : de falla 's the three-cornered hat ( 1919 ) which originally accompanied a mime play and so fascinated diaghilev that he commissioned the composer to enlarge it for massine 's ballet ( see page 59 ) ; vaughan william 's job , commissioned by diaghilev , was unused until de valois created her important ‘ masque for dancing ’ ( 1931 ) ( this marked the inaugural performance of what has become the royal ballet ) ; arthur bliss ' checkmate ( 1937 ) was choreographed by de valois after both composer and choreographer had worked on the plot ; prokofiev 's romeo and juliet was composed with the help of a shakespearean theatre expert and has been used notably by lavrovsky , ashton and macmillan ( see page 26 ) ; and ashton provided a roughly outlined plot for hans werner henze 's score for ondine ( 1958 ) .

Foremost amongst the travelling players were the Serious Lovers who were to become the danseurs nobles and ballerinas of classical ballet , because they were always noble heroes and heroines .
foremost [among/of] the travelling players were the serious lovers who were to become the danseurs nobles and ballerinas of classical ballet , because they were always noble heroes and heroines .

Amongst the steps are sauts de carpe , temps de poisson , pas de cheval and so on .
[among/of] the steps are sauts de carpe , temps de poisson , pas de cheval and so on .

Amongst the most notable are the poses finishing each musical phrase and the careful relation of the well-marked beats on heels to the beats of the music .
[among/of] the most notable are the poses finishing each musical phrase and the careful relation of the well-marked beats on heels to the beats of the music .

In Ashton 's version , as in the Russian staged version , the Tutor 's encounter with Katia , the servant girl , allows him momentarily to be back home amongst his master 's peasants .
in ashton 's version , as in the russian staged version , the tutor 's encounter with katia , the servant girl , allows him momentarily to be back home [among/of] his master 's peasants .

Foremost amongst the dances are those for Bottom , in The Dream , when he is transformed into an ass .
foremost [among/of] the dances are those for bottom , in the dream , when he is transformed into an ass .

Both men were betraying one of the most feared occupational hazards amongst MPs — debater 's droop .
both men were betraying one of the most feared occupational hazards [among/of] mps — debater 's droop .

Amongst the other Forest streams , there are two that flow down from Herefordshire .
[among/of] the other forest streams , there are two that flow down from herefordshire .

The purpose of the meeting with the parents is a matter for discussion amongst the staff .
the purpose of the meeting with the parents is a matter for discussion [among/of] the staff .

Some schools go as far as appointing a press officer from amongst the staff or the governors .
some schools go as far as appointing a press officer from [among/of] the staff or the governors .

Although the school may not be responsible for resolving these problems there are likely to be active councillors amongst the governors who , given suitable encouragement , would whip up a crusade for effective action .
although the school may not be responsible for resolving these problems there are likely to be active councillors [among/of] the governors who , given suitable encouragement , would whip up a crusade for effective action .

There is unlikely to be a consensus view amongst the parents or even in the staff room about standards in these matters .
there is unlikely to be a consensus view [among/of] the parents or even in the staff room about standards in these matters .

Videos of sports activities , concerts and visits always find a ready market amongst parents and staff .
videos of sports activities , concerts and visits always find a ready market [among/of] parents and staff .

The spastic child may not be mentally handicapped , but cerebral palsy is the most common form of physical handicap amongst mentally handicapped people .
the spastic child may not be mentally handicapped , but cerebral palsy is the most common form of physical handicap [among/of] mentally handicapped people .

LEAs must , when deciding whether to provide transport for a child , have regard ( amongst other things ) to ‘ the age of the pupil , and the nature of the route , or alternative routes , which he could reasonably be expected to take ’ .
leas must , when deciding whether to provide transport for a child , have regard ( [among/of] other things ) to ‘ the age of the pupil , and the nature of the route , or alternative routes , which he could reasonably be expected to take ’ .

For this reason , amongst others , Reid 's recent suggestion that perhaps parents in Britain should , like those in France , lose some child benefit if it is proved that their children are truanting — ‘ Fines imposed on parents should be collected directly from child benefit ’ — deserves rejection .
for this reason , [among/of] others , reid 's recent suggestion that perhaps parents in britain should , like those in france , lose some child benefit if it is proved that their children are truanting — ‘ fines imposed on parents should be collected directly from child benefit ’ — deserves rejection .

Truancy is most prevalent amongst young people approaching the end of their period of compulsory schooling when there is little point in taking legal action .
truancy is most prevalent [among/of] young people approaching the end of their period of compulsory schooling when there is little point in taking legal action .

There is a tendency amongst teachers and EWOs to blame parents for most instances of truancy .
there is a tendency [among/of] teachers and ewos to blame parents for most instances of truancy .

Whilst any legal provisions concerned with the curriculum may be said to add further legitimacy to the instillation of moral , cultural and social values by the education system ( via the so-called ‘ affective curriculum ’ ) , there are provisions associated in a particularly identifiable way with certain values — for example , those concerned with sex and race equality , which may be said to have almost universal support amongst policy-makers and practitioners .
whilst any legal provisions concerned with the curriculum may be said to add further legitimacy to the instillation of moral , cultural and social values by the education system ( via the so-called ‘ affective curriculum ’ ) , there are provisions associated in a particularly identifiable way with certain values — for example , those concerned with sex and race equality , which may be said to have almost universal support [among/of] policy-makers and practitioners .

The above example also prompts discussion of the extent to which a school might be required to go towards accommodating the diverse needs of various ethnic minority groups represented amongst the pupil body .
the above example also prompts discussion of the extent to which a school might be required to go towards accommodating the diverse needs of various ethnic minority groups represented [among/of] the pupil body .

For one thing , it ignores the social reality that teenage sexual experience is extremely common amongst young people ; pupils may well appreciate the benefits of stable family life and so on without perceiving any need to desist from their sexual activity .
for one thing , it ignores the social reality that teenage sexual experience is extremely common [among/of] young people ; pupils may well appreciate the benefits of stable family life and so on without perceiving any need to desist from their sexual activity .

But whilst the concern might , therefore , have been largely misplaced , it has been useful in fostering a re-examination of the way schools and LEAs maintain discipline amongst pupils and in prompting fresh research into the nature of misbehaviour in schools .
but whilst the concern might , therefore , have been largely misplaced , it has been useful in fostering a re-examination of the way schools and leas maintain discipline [among/of] pupils and in prompting fresh research into the nature of misbehaviour in schools .

The importance of good behaviour amongst pupils has been stated thus : ‘ Good behaviour is a necessary condition for effective teaching and learning to take place , and an important outcome of education which society rightly expects .
the importance of good behaviour [among/of] pupils has been stated thus : ‘ good behaviour is a necessary condition for effective teaching and learning to take place , and an important outcome of education which society rightly expects .

The law simply leaves the determination of ‘ acceptable ’ standards of behaviour to the head teacher and governing body , whilst imposing a duty on the head teacher to : secure the promotion within the school of self-discipline and proper regard for authority amongst pupils ; encourage ‘ good behaviour ’ on the part of pupils ; and otherwise regulate the conduct of pupils .
the law simply leaves the determination of ‘ acceptable ’ standards of behaviour to the head teacher and governing body , whilst imposing a duty on the head teacher to : secure the promotion within the school of self-discipline and proper regard for authority [among/of] pupils ; encourage ‘ good behaviour ’ on the part of pupils ; and otherwise regulate the conduct of pupils .

The views of teachers were amongst the matters looked into by the Sheffield University team when carrying out research for the Elton Committee .
the views of teachers were [among/of] the matters looked into by the sheffield university team when carrying out research for the elton committee .

In the British Social Attitudes Survey of 1988 , 90 per cent of people thought there to be less respect for teachers amongst parents and pupils than 10 years ago .
in the british social attitudes survey of 1988 , 90 per cent of people thought there to be less respect for teachers [among/of] parents and pupils than 10 years ago .

Schools were urged to recognise the importance of ascertaining pupils ' views both generally and more specifically in relation to the development of a behaviour policy by the school , and to instil a sense of ‘ belonging ’ amongst pupils .
schools were urged to recognise the importance of ascertaining pupils ' views both generally and more specifically in relation to the development of a behaviour policy by the school , and to instil a sense of ‘ belonging ’ [among/of] pupils .

Here the four powers had carved themselves out oddly shaped zones amongst the rubble and devastation left by the Allied bombing .
here the four powers had carved themselves out oddly shaped zones [among/of] the rubble and devastation left by the allied bombing .

Two of these Mrs Rose could trace but the third had been with Crabb when they said goodbye and was not amongst his personal possessions returned to Crabb 's mother by ‘ Smith ’ .
two of these mrs rose could trace but the third had been with crabb when they said goodbye and was not [among/of] his personal possessions returned to crabb 's mother by ‘ smith ’ .

At best it was either a publicity stunt designed help sell third-rate books or a neat piece of disinformation put out by the Russians in order to sow confusion amongst the West 's intelligence agencies .
at best it was either a publicity stunt designed help sell third-rate books or a neat piece of disinformation put out by the russians in order to sow confusion [among/of] the west 's intelligence agencies .

Amongst his Works , one Creature only doom 'd
[among/of] his works , one creature only doom 'd

’ The conversion was the cause of both amusement and astonishment amongst the artists .
’ the conversion was the cause of both amusement and astonishment [among/of] the artists .

Even more bitter were the attacks on the behaviour of the demi-mondaines who did not hesitate to parade ‘ the profits of their vice ’ in front of decent folk and whose example , so it was said , influenced young women of good society : ‘ Among young women who count amongst the best bred and the best brought up , there are those who do not hesitate to copy the manners and behaviour of girls of easy virtue .
even more bitter were the attacks on the behaviour of the demi-mondaines who did not hesitate to parade ‘ the profits of their vice ’ in front of decent folk and whose example , so it was said , influenced young women of good society : ‘ among young women who count [among/of] the best bred and the best brought up , there are those who do not hesitate to copy the manners and behaviour of girls of easy virtue .

‘ It would only take a change of attitude amongst men to improve the situation out of all recognition .
‘ it would only take a change of attitude [among/of] men to improve the situation out of all recognition .

But they are not only competing amongst each other , they are competing with men as well .
but they are not only competing [among/of] each other , they are competing with men as well .

‘ We are told that you were chatting to him , amongst others , while you were waiting for a cab . ’
‘ we are told that you were chatting to him , [among/of] others , while you were waiting for a cab . ’

It was all very well nailing cracksmen who had nicked half-a-dozen fur coats from a warehouse ; but the real criminals in the City were amongst the money-men .
it was all very well nailing cracksmen who had nicked half-a-dozen fur coats from a warehouse ; but the real criminals in the city were [among/of] the money-men .

Contact a Family have found that there is a move amongst Health Authorities to increase the age at which they provide free nappies for children with special needs because they argue that children without special needs use nappies at night until they are 4 or 5 .
contact a family have found that there is a move [among/of] health authorities to increase the age at which they provide free nappies for children with special needs because they argue that children without special needs use nappies at night until they are 4 or 5 .

Quijano , amongst others , takes this argument a stage further by utilising a modes of production approach .
quijano , [among/of] others , takes this argument a stage further by utilising a modes of production approach .

One hundred and eighty-six different species of birds have been noted at Strathbeg , including rarities such as Caspian tern , little egret , crane , pied-billed grebe and red-footed falcon ; amongst nesting residents are shelduck , mallard , tufted duck , secretive water rail , sedge and willow warbler , black-bibbed reed bunting and diminutive wren .
one hundred and eighty-six different species of birds have been noted at strathbeg , including rarities such as caspian tern , little egret , crane , pied-billed grebe and red-footed falcon ; [among/of] nesting residents are shelduck , mallard , tufted duck , secretive water rail , sedge and willow warbler , black-bibbed reed bunting and diminutive wren .

There are many others , all with their own special appeal , both on Mainland and amongst the other islands , but most anglers confine their activities to these five ; and rarely regret their decision to do so .
there are many others , all with their own special appeal , both on mainland and [among/of] the other islands , but most anglers confine their activities to these five ; and rarely regret their decision to do so .

The Romans never subdued these northern , painted men , the Picts ; nor did war-like Vikings , plundering down the strath in search of food , treasure and slaves ; and as King Malcolm struggled to unite his fractious kingdom , Clan Mackay in Strathnaver pursued their independent , Highland way ; tending black cattle , growing sparse crops , squabbling happily amongst themselves and their Caithness neighbours .
the romans never subdued these northern , painted men , the picts ; nor did war-like vikings , plundering down the strath in search of food , treasure and slaves ; and as king malcolm struggled to unite his fractious kingdom , clan mackay in strathnaver pursued their independent , highland way ; tending black cattle , growing sparse crops , squabbling happily [among/of] themselves and their caithness neighbours .

They lie scattered amongst the hills and moorlands and skill using a compass and map is almost as important as skill using a fishing rod .
they lie scattered [among/of] the hills and moorlands and skill using a compass and map is almost as important as skill using a fishing rod .

And amongst the lassies .
and [among/of] the lassies .

It was April , and after a warmer in Poosie Nansie 's , another West of Scotland custom , we thrashed away on the Ayr , casting amongst chunks of ice floating down the river ; frozen stiff , getting colder and colder as the grey day grew older and older .
it was april , and after a warmer in poosie nansie 's , another west of scotland custom , we thrashed away on the ayr , casting [among/of] chunks of ice floating down the river ; frozen stiff , getting colder and colder as the grey day grew older and older .

She eventually managed to get the salmon to the bank , and it turned on its side amongst the stones , gasping .
she eventually managed to get the salmon to the bank , and it turned on its side [among/of] the stones , gasping .

However , the machair lochs of South Uist are amongst the finest trout lochs in the world .
however , the machair lochs of south uist are [among/of] the finest trout lochs in the world .

How wise we would be if we read and understood our Bibles — this gives us life 's meaning itself , in amongst much so-called ‘ sexist ’ language .
how wise we would be if we read and understood our bibles — this gives us life 's meaning itself , in [among/of] much so-called ‘ sexist ’ language .

Ground limestone is a good source of calcium as is sugar beet but again too much supplementing can cause further imbalances particularly amongst other minerals in the diet .
ground limestone is a good source of calcium as is sugar beet but again too much supplementing can cause further imbalances particularly [among/of] other minerals in the diet .

This is a lovely setting amongst native trees .
this is a lovely setting [among/of] native trees .

Within two minutes , a gaping chasm amongst trees opens alongside the track .
within two minutes , a gaping chasm [among/of] trees opens alongside the track .

Alum Pot and its attendant caves were amongst the earliest to attract the curiosity of local explorers and they have been known in intimate detail since the middle of last century .
alum pot and its attendant caves were [among/of] the earliest to attract the curiosity of local explorers and they have been known in intimate detail since the middle of last century .

Amongst the various surface openings in this area , there is one , not far from Alum Pot , that can be recommended to walkers who would like to test their nerves in the darkness and silence of the underworld and , with a torch , may safely do so without encountering perils .
[among/of] the various surface openings in this area , there is one , not far from alum pot , that can be recommended to walkers who would like to test their nerves in the darkness and silence of the underworld and , with a torch , may safely do so without encountering perils .

The byroad into Wharfe continues as White Stone Lane , for travellers on foot only , and curves around the western base of Moughton amongst evidences on the valley floor of glacial pressures in the underlying rocks , here mainly of shales , slates and gritstone .
the byroad into wharfe continues as white stone lane , for travellers on foot only , and curves around the western base of moughton [among/of] evidences on the valley floor of glacial pressures in the underlying rocks , here mainly of shales , slates and gritstone .

In any event , a Conservative Cabinet can always rely on its ‘ backwoodsmen ’ to get it out of trouble if its more usual supporters amongst the Peers show an inclination to reject an executive decision .
in any event , a conservative cabinet can always rely on its ‘ backwoodsmen ’ to get it out of trouble if its more usual supporters [among/of] the peers show an inclination to reject an executive decision .

Thus , in May 1988 , one of the highest turn-outs of Lords this century saw the Government home on the introduction of a flat-rate poll tax , a measure which had caused great concern amongst regular attendants .
thus , in may 1988 , one of the highest turn-outs of lords this century saw the government home on the introduction of a flat-rate poll tax , a measure which had caused great concern [among/of] regular attendants .

Official figures are not available on the number of pickets injured , but there were at least a couple of fatalities and it is the opinion of some observers that , in the major conflicts of the dispute , casualties amongst the pickets greatly exceeded those of the police ( Wallington , 1985 : 149 ) .
official figures are not available on the number of pickets injured , but there were at least a couple of fatalities and it is the opinion of some observers that , in the major conflicts of the dispute , casualties [among/of] the pickets greatly exceeded those of the police ( wallington , 1985 : 149 ) .

The failure of the strikers to achieve their aims was the result of a variety of factors , but to the fore amongst these was the way in which the police and the law were employed against them .
the failure of the strikers to achieve their aims was the result of a variety of factors , but to the fore [among/of] these was the way in which the police and the law were employed against them .

Amongst those detained was a Belgian Member of the European Parliament who had earlier disclosed to the newspapers plans for a 3 km-wide ‘ waste island ’ off Zeebrugge .
[among/of] those detained was a belgian member of the european parliament who had earlier disclosed to the newspapers plans for a 3 km-wide ‘ waste island ’ off zeebrugge .

These are by no means the only mechanisms but they are amongst the most important .
these are by no means the only mechanisms but they are [among/of] the most important .

Now the scholars amongst you will quickly realise that staying in a hotel near Balquhidder would lend itself to terms of geographic convenience to tackling Ben More , Ben Vorlich or even Ben Lawers .
now the scholars [among/of] you will quickly realise that staying in a hotel near balquhidder would lend itself to terms of geographic convenience to tackling ben more , ben vorlich or even ben lawers .

Although today volcanoes are no longer regarded with such religious awe , their violent aspects are still widely publicized ; deservedly , since volcanic eruptions are amongst the finest of natural spectacles .
although today volcanoes are no longer regarded with such religious awe , their violent aspects are still widely publicized ; deservedly , since volcanic eruptions are [among/of] the finest of natural spectacles .

The excavations on Santorin are far from complete , but already some of the wall paintings that have been recovered from the ruins and preserved in the museum at Athens have been ranked as amongst the most important artistic discoveries of the century .
the excavations on santorin are far from complete , but already some of the wall paintings that have been recovered from the ruins and preserved in the museum at athens have been ranked as [among/of] the most important artistic discoveries of the century .

Even this severe shaking , however , failed to cause alarm amongst the local people ; they had by that time been living with the eruption for many weeks , and it is remarkable just to what extent familiarity of even something as exceptional as a volcanic eruption can breed contempt .
even this severe shaking , however , failed to cause alarm [among/of] the local people ; they had by that time been living with the eruption for many weeks , and it is remarkable just to what extent familiarity of even something as exceptional as a volcanic eruption can breed contempt .

These fountains must surely be amongst the most remarkable of all natural phenomena ; the plumes of incandescent liquid rock commonly reach many tens of metres in height , and one in 1959 reached not less than 400 metres .
these fountains must surely be [among/of] the most remarkable of all natural phenomena ; the plumes of incandescent liquid rock commonly reach many tens of metres in height , and one in 1959 reached not less than 400 metres .

Lavas are amongst the most harmless weapons in a volcano 's formidable armoury — one can always see them coming , and almost always get out of their way quickly enough .
lavas are [among/of] the most harmless weapons in a volcano 's formidable armoury — one can always see them coming , and almost always get out of their way quickly enough .

Wherever one finds pillow lavas in sequences of old rocks , one can be sure that they formed under water in the same way as their modern counterparts , and this , amongst other things , helps to establish the sites of ancient oceanic volcanoes and mid-ocean ridges .
wherever one finds pillow lavas in sequences of old rocks , one can be sure that they formed under water in the same way as their modern counterparts , and this , [among/of] other things , helps to establish the sites of ancient oceanic volcanoes and mid-ocean ridges .

Lavas become scarcer amongst rocks of more acid compositions and rhyolites are much less abundant than andesites They are highly viscous , never flowing far from their source , and usually merely ooze up from the vent like toothpaste to pile up into short , thick flows and domes .
lavas become scarcer [among/of] rocks of more acid compositions and rhyolites are much less abundant than andesites they are highly viscous , never flowing far from their source , and usually merely ooze up from the vent like toothpaste to pile up into short , thick flows and domes .

Amongst other things , it made him acutely aware of the contrast between life in a small town ‘ which had advanced to railways and telegraphs and daily London papers ’ and ‘ a world of shepherds and ploughmen … where modern improvements were still regarded as wonders ’ .
[among/of] other things , it made him acutely aware of the contrast between life in a small town ‘ which had advanced to railways and telegraphs and daily london papers ’ and ‘ a world of shepherds and ploughmen … where modern improvements were still regarded as wonders ’ .

The power and scope of the work , its technical variety and virtuosity , confirmed his pre-eminent position amongst the writers of the day , bringing a succession of honours which culminated in the Order of Merit , and , his particular favourite , the Freedom of Dorchester in 1910 .
the power and scope of the work , its technical variety and virtuosity , confirmed his pre-eminent position [among/of] the writers of the day , bringing a succession of honours which culminated in the order of merit , and , his particular favourite , the freedom of dorchester in 1910 .

For example , the Policy Studies Institute found that while 29 per cent of Londoners overall thought the police treat particular groups unfairly , this rose to 68 per cent amongst young West Indians ( Smith , 1983 , pp .
for example , the policy studies institute found that while 29 per cent of londoners overall thought the police treat particular groups unfairly , this rose to 68 per cent [among/of] young west indians ( smith , 1983 , pp .

Amongst these four Kent are alone in having little money .
[among/of] these four kent are alone in having little money .

It is a stance which has been nurtured by several things , family bereavement and an intelligent , contemplative nature amongst them , but was perhaps most impelled by the experience of coaching in Bangladesh in the winter of 1989–90 .
it is a stance which has been nurtured by several things , family bereavement and an intelligent , contemplative nature [among/of] them , but was perhaps most impelled by the experience of coaching in bangladesh in the winter of 1989–90 .

The whole trip was a marvellous experience for us all and there was a terrific spirit amongst the squad , which set the scene nicely for the season ahead .
the whole trip was a marvellous experience for us all and there was a terrific spirit [among/of] the squad , which set the scene nicely for the season ahead .

The unredressed grievances and protests of the Commons against the King , the Civil War , the end of the divine right of kings , the Great Reform movement in the nineteenth century , the founding of the trades union movement , and the suffragette movement of later years , are amongst the salient protest movements of our democratic pedigree .
the unredressed grievances and protests of the commons against the king , the civil war , the end of the divine right of kings , the great reform movement in the nineteenth century , the founding of the trades union movement , and the suffragette movement of later years , are [among/of] the salient protest movements of our democratic pedigree .

The unwritten constitution and the established Church are amongst the progeny of protest .
the unwritten constitution and the established church are [among/of] the progeny of protest .

And when we examine those repetitive media messages , we find amongst them those which dull , which desensitise , and which may ultimately disinhibit by eroding the internalised constraints which are part and parcel of the civilising process , constraints we used to learn at our mother 's knee , and which we discard at our peril .
and when we examine those repetitive media messages , we find [among/of] them those which dull , which desensitise , and which may ultimately disinhibit by eroding the internalised constraints which are part and parcel of the civilising process , constraints we used to learn at our mother 's knee , and which we discard at our peril .

Amongst the films criminalised by the British obscenity test are a number of American porno films which celebrate incest as a stimulating variant on the standard range of sexual pleasure .
[among/of] the films criminalised by the british obscenity test are a number of american porno films which celebrate incest as a stimulating variant on the standard range of sexual pleasure .

That debate is a continuing one , and amongst the principles most importantly at stake is that of artistic freedom , the right of the individual artist to explore the dark side of human experience and to draw unpopular conclusions from his own , perhaps partial , vision .
that debate is a continuing one , and [among/of] the principles most importantly at stake is that of artistic freedom , the right of the individual artist to explore the dark side of human experience and to draw unpopular conclusions from his own , perhaps partial , vision .

Amongst such considerations , however , there must still be room for the needs of society , for what the European Convention calls ‘ the protection of health or morals ’ .
[among/of] such considerations , however , there must still be room for the needs of society , for what the european convention calls ‘ the protection of health or morals ’ .

Sports enthusiasts do n't lack for activities with Silverstone Race Track and the Delapre Golf Complex being amongst a host of activities and leisure pursuits just a short drive away .
sports enthusiasts do n't lack for activities with silverstone race track and the delapre golf complex being [among/of] a host of activities and leisure pursuits just a short drive away .

In one corner is the Brass Rubbing Centre , where rubbings can be taken of the Washington brasses and arms amongst others .
in one corner is the brass rubbing centre , where rubbings can be taken of the washington brasses and arms [among/of] others .

They include a Rose Garden with a 16th Century sundial and an Elizabethan Knot Garden amongst their many delights .
they include a rose garden with a 16th century sundial and an elizabethan knot garden [among/of] their many delights .

The picture painted is gloomy , but there is a very effective method of agriculture that is slowly gaining credence amongst farmers , government and consumers alike .
the picture painted is gloomy , but there is a very effective method of agriculture that is slowly gaining credence [among/of] farmers , government and consumers alike .

Manchester scored higher than its share of North Side units merited in terms of general and investor loan activity but , unlike Allegheny West and Central North Side , was amongst the more deprived neighbourhoods and showed a lesser tendency to revitalise by 1980 .
manchester scored higher than its share of north side units merited in terms of general and investor loan activity but , unlike allegheny west and central north side , was [among/of] the more deprived neighbourhoods and showed a lesser tendency to revitalise by 1980 .

Amongst those who lost their lives were 143 Germans and Austrians and 470 Italians , but the total number of casualties , which included members of the crew and some British troops , was not revealed .
[among/of] those who lost their lives were 143 germans and austrians and 470 italians , but the total number of casualties , which included members of the crew and some british troops , was not revealed .

There is often considerable vocabulary used amongst a group of children engrossed in their threading activities which incorporates ideas of growth in length as well as naming colours and shapes of individual beads .
there is often considerable vocabulary used [among/of] a group of children engrossed in their threading activities which incorporates ideas of growth in length as well as naming colours and shapes of individual beads .

Amongst those who did , it varied from considerable provision of courses , facilities and time of central training officers , to largely nominal involvement :
[among/of] those who did , it varied from considerable provision of courses , facilities and time of central training officers , to largely nominal involvement :

Amongst the group with no training officer , evidence or specific mention of a training plan , based on assessment of needs of individuals and organizations was rare : the following comments were all made by authorities with training officers :
[among/of] the group with no training officer , evidence or specific mention of a training plan , based on assessment of needs of individuals and organizations was rare : the following comments were all made by authorities with training officers :

in amongst tired stars .
in [among/of] tired stars .

When they started to let us out of the house we were able to rummage amongst the appalling pile of rubbish strewn around the University campus nearby .
when they started to let us out of the house we were able to rummage [among/of] the appalling pile of rubbish strewn around the university campus nearby .

An avid reader of classical literature and a disciple of Tolstoy and Zola , she was a shining-star amongst the thousands of immigrant women in the city of Glasgow , many of whom could neither read or write .
an avid reader of classical literature and a disciple of tolstoy and zola , she was a shining-star [among/of] the thousands of immigrant women in the city of glasgow , many of whom could neither read or write .

This was an accepted code of conduct amongst warring factions in Glasgow , a sort of ‘ gentlemen 's agreement ’ which was never dishonoured .
this was an accepted code of conduct [among/of] warring factions in glasgow , a sort of ‘ gentlemen 's agreement ’ which was never dishonoured .

She worked as a tailoress with the Tailoring Guild for many years and had made lots of good friends amongst her work-mates .
she worked as a tailoress with the tailoring guild for many years and had made lots of good friends [among/of] her work-mates .

The younger men amongst the Jews often roared with laughter when the older men , the original immigrants , talked of some experience or incident , for the young bucks were first generation British and educated .
the younger men [among/of] the jews often roared with laughter when the older men , the original immigrants , talked of some experience or incident , for the young bucks were first generation british and educated .

In 1988 , she made a cameo appearance in Who Framed Roger Rabbit , vying for the sexiest character award with Jessica Rabbit , she appeared in her original black and white amongst all the coloured-in cartoons .
in 1988 , she made a cameo appearance in who framed roger rabbit , vying for the sexiest character award with jessica rabbit , she appeared in her original black and white [among/of] all the coloured-in cartoons .

Frequent rumours that ‘ the French are coming ’ created pandemonium amongst them .
frequent rumours that ‘ the french are coming ’ created pandemonium [among/of] them .

There is a mistaken impression amongst many anglers that when a fish bites on a link-leger it pulls the line through the swivel .
there is a mistaken impression [among/of] many anglers that when a fish bites on a link-leger it pulls the line through the swivel .

These fleshy appendages are used to detect and taste food amongst the weed and debris on the bottom of a river .
these fleshy appendages are used to detect and taste food [among/of] the weed and debris on the bottom of a river .

It is interesting to note that when they do discover some titbit amongst the bottom debris , they very rarely charge off with it as they normally do when picking up our hookbaits .
it is interesting to note that when they do discover some titbit [among/of] the bottom debris , they very rarely charge off with it as they normally do when picking up our hookbaits .

Otherwise the London Boroughs are now multipurpose authorities , reviving hopes amongst some observers that the large towns of England and Wales might one day regain their ‘ county borough ’ status , leaving the county councils free to pursue their former traditional , more rural , role in collaboration with the small parish , town and community councils .
otherwise the london boroughs are now multipurpose authorities , reviving hopes [among/of] some observers that the large towns of england and wales might one day regain their ‘ county borough ’ status , leaving the county councils free to pursue their former traditional , more rural , role in collaboration with the small parish , town and community councils .

These provide , amongst other things , for public notice in the press of the detailed contents of the Bill .
these provide , [among/of] other things , for public notice in the press of the detailed contents of the bill .

Although the existence of the statutes indicates certain offences which sometimes creep into public life , it is most gratifying to note that amongst the many tens of thousands of councillors serving voluntarily year by year in this country a prosecution under this Act is very rare indeed .
although the existence of the statutes indicates certain offences which sometimes creep into public life , it is most gratifying to note that [among/of] the many tens of thousands of councillors serving voluntarily year by year in this country a prosecution under this act is very rare indeed .

Those cases are where the matter or transaction in relation to which the offence was committed , was a contract or a proposal for a contract with , amongst others , a public body ; or a sub-contract to execute any work comprised in such a contract .
those cases are where the matter or transaction in relation to which the offence was committed , was a contract or a proposal for a contract with , [among/of] others , a public body ; or a sub-contract to execute any work comprised in such a contract .

There is also a hunger for spiritual experience and direction amongst Christians .
there is also a hunger for spiritual experience and direction [among/of] christians .

They lived amongst t ' roots of t ' trees .
they lived [among/of] t ' roots of t ' trees .

Pavarotti , on compact disc by the fireside , can sometimes seem more attractive than Farnham Maltings or Tilford Church , but lacks the frisson of seeing a flautist trilling amongst the tombstones or drinking ones interval wine elbow to elbow with a charming soprano .
pavarotti , on compact disc by the fireside , can sometimes seem more attractive than farnham maltings or tilford church , but lacks the frisson of seeing a flautist trilling [among/of] the tombstones or drinking ones interval wine elbow to elbow with a charming soprano .

Phelioff won the Ladies ' Open at this meeting last Easter and is once again amongst the 15 entries .
phelioff won the ladies ' open at this meeting last easter and is once again [among/of] the 15 entries .

Nevertheless , we did find a general mood in Whitehall and amongst the senior civil servants that their system was not perfect and that the time had come for some fairly radical changes .
nevertheless , we did find a general mood in whitehall and [among/of] the senior civil servants that their system was not perfect and that the time had come for some fairly radical changes .

No library can be effective without a policy , which sets out aims and objectives , identifies user groups and services , and indicates priorities amongst them .
no library can be effective without a policy , which sets out aims and objectives , identifies user groups and services , and indicates priorities [among/of] them .

At the time , Atkinson provoked a good deal of disgruntlement amongst university librarians , of which Steele 's book contained some representative examples .
at the time , atkinson provoked a good deal of disgruntlement [among/of] university librarians , of which steele 's book contained some representative examples .

Some authorities have developed explicit policies which establish priorities amongst the various types of service referred to above .
some authorities have developed explicit policies which establish priorities [among/of] the various types of service referred to above .

As suggested above , rather more control over policy can be maintained if allocation is by criteria other than geographical ones , and many authorities allocate at least part of their bookfunds on the basis of function , user groups , or formats of material . Amongst criteria commonly used are :
as suggested above , rather more control over policy can be maintained if allocation is by criteria other than geographical ones , and many authorities allocate at least part of their bookfunds on the basis of function , user groups , or formats of material . [among/of] criteria commonly used are :

The British National Bibliography Research Fund , established in 1975 , includes amongst its aims the promotion of research into the use of books and into reading habits , and has achieved an impact beyond its modest resources — as a glance at the bibliography of this book will show .
the british national bibliography research fund , established in 1975 , includes [among/of] its aims the promotion of research into the use of books and into reading habits , and has achieved an impact beyond its modest resources — as a glance at the bibliography of this book will show .

If this is accepted , in-house studies of use and surveys soliciting user opinions are amongst the most significant use measures .
if this is accepted , in-house studies of use and surveys soliciting user opinions are [among/of] the most significant use measures .

Amongst important sources are the following :
[among/of] important sources are the following :

Reports , theses and conference proceedings , amongst other materials , are increasingly being made accessible to libraries .
reports , theses and conference proceedings , [among/of] other materials , are increasingly being made accessible to libraries .

The duplication of titles amongst the different types of institution studied in Sheffield was found to be very low , and in view of the fact that cooperative acquisition is not simple to introduce and that central purchasing agencies tend to delay orders , the authors recommended against it .
the duplication of titles [among/of] the different types of institution studied in sheffield was found to be very low , and in view of the fact that cooperative acquisition is not simple to introduce and that central purchasing agencies tend to delay orders , the authors recommended against it .

Most librarians prefer to divide orders amongst a number of booksellers in order to give themselves greater flexibility and a degree of control over the standards of service , and also to make use of the specializations of different dealers .
most librarians prefer to divide orders [among/of] a number of booksellers in order to give themselves greater flexibility and a degree of control over the standards of service , and also to make use of the specializations of different dealers .

The emphasis in development plans and other investment aids will be removed from increasing productivity and labour efficiency and reorientated towards practices which will protect and improve the environment ( amongst several others ) .
the emphasis in development plans and other investment aids will be removed from increasing productivity and labour efficiency and reorientated towards practices which will protect and improve the environment ( [among/of] several others ) .

The open nature of the hinterland , with Bispham village isolated amongst the trees , contrasts with the same scene today .
the open nature of the hinterland , with bispham village isolated [among/of] the trees , contrasts with the same scene today .

Above : Central Drive in the Thirties , with Standard 48 negotiating the Vance Road loop outside Central Station , amongst the busy crowds .
above : central drive in the thirties , with standard 48 negotiating the vance road loop outside central station , [among/of] the busy crowds .

The 1937 batch of twenty railcoaches were the exception amongst the streamliners , being built by the Brush Company of Loughborough , hence their familiar name .
the 1937 batch of twenty railcoaches were the exception [among/of] the streamliners , being built by the brush company of loughborough , hence their familiar name .

Occasionally , this may be foreseen even at the start of your employment : for example , if your position is subject to funding from an outside source or if you are taken on to supervise a particular contract , as may happen in the engineering and construction fields amongst others .
occasionally , this may be foreseen even at the start of your employment : for example , if your position is subject to funding from an outside source or if you are taken on to supervise a particular contract , as may happen in the engineering and construction fields [among/of] others .

Cottle wrote that ‘ a feeling of disappointment prevailed early and pretty generally , amongst the subscribers ’ , and when in the second issue Coleridge included a rather too satirical essay on fasting , he lost goodwill alarmingly .
cottle wrote that ‘ a feeling of disappointment prevailed early and pretty generally , [among/of] the subscribers ’ , and when in the second issue coleridge included a rather too satirical essay on fasting , he lost goodwill alarmingly .

Based in the Cabinet Office he will have responsibility , amongst other things , for the research councils .
based in the cabinet office he will have responsibility , [among/of] other things , for the research councils .

The problem seems to be that this colourless , odourless gas is a quiet , silent long-term killer and the cause of death ( lung cancer ) is prevalent amongst the population anyway .
the problem seems to be that this colourless , odourless gas is a quiet , silent long-term killer and the cause of death ( lung cancer ) is prevalent [among/of] the population anyway .

Having agreed this with the procedure owner , a procedure description is prepared , showing amongst other things , the resources and activities needed to meet the objectives , and this is compared with what actually exists .
having agreed this with the procedure owner , a procedure description is prepared , showing [among/of] other things , the resources and activities needed to meet the objectives , and this is compared with what actually exists .

Amongst other things , the Needs Analysis indicated that :
[among/of] other things , the needs analysis indicated that :

Amongst the specific changes which will impact on the finance function are :
[among/of] the specific changes which will impact on the finance function are :

Thiercelin nodded and sat back amongst the upholstery .
thiercelin nodded and sat back [among/of] the upholstery .

‘ Grubbing around amongst the undergrowth beside the path , obviously looking for something . ’
‘ grubbing around [among/of] the undergrowth beside the path , obviously looking for something . ’

This last decade he had spent in Vienna , obtaining sufficient funds from his family to be able to settle down and marry the only Russian girl amongst his acquaintances .
this last decade he had spent in vienna , obtaining sufficient funds from his family to be able to settle down and marry the only russian girl [among/of] his acquaintances .

The French soldiers , cut off from the other guests both linguistically and emotionally , spoke only amongst themselves , occasionally voluble , more often morose .
the french soldiers , cut off from the other guests both linguistically and emotionally , spoke only [among/of] themselves , occasionally voluble , more often morose .

The French soldiers behaved like the crowd in a conventionally produced play , first with exaggerated expressions of surprise , and thereafter gesticulating and muttering amongst themselves .
the french soldiers behaved like the crowd in a conventionally produced play , first with exaggerated expressions of surprise , and thereafter gesticulating and muttering [among/of] themselves .

Only amongst his enemies , the French , would there be men like Karelius , who went forth to life or death alone , without a God or prayer .
only [among/of] his enemies , the french , would there be men like karelius , who went forth to life or death alone , without a god or prayer .

He covered seventy yards to gain the partial cover of the shrubbery , flung himself amongst the undergrowth , and turned to look back at the chateau .
he covered seventy yards to gain the partial cover of the shrubbery , flung himself [among/of] the undergrowth , and turned to look back at the chateau .

In the words of the chief constable some years after the post-Strike intake : ' There is much more stability amongst the Constables due to rising years of service , too valuable to be risked .
in the words of the chief constable some years after the post-strike intake : ' there is much more stability [among/of] the constables due to rising years of service , too valuable to be risked .

Street encounters — both between the lower classes and the police and amongst the former — embodied all the elements of contrariness produced by a culture of desperation and survival .
street encounters — both between the lower classes and the police and [among/of] the former — embodied all the elements of contrariness produced by a culture of desperation and survival .

Even small boys sported rosettes and , as happens amongst youngsters , fights broke out .
even small boys sported rosettes and , as happens [among/of] youngsters , fights broke out .

For more than a week before the great day we were collecting anything that would burn and literally dozens of individual fires began taking shape in what was known amongst boys as ‘ The Crot ’ .
for more than a week before the great day we were collecting anything that would burn and literally dozens of individual fires began taking shape in what was known [among/of] boys as ‘ the crot ’ .

His front window was packed with small cages containing linnets , greenfinches , bullfinches and song thrushes amongst others .
his front window was packed with small cages containing linnets , greenfinches , bullfinches and song thrushes [among/of] others .

Many mammalian carnivores use latrines , such as badgers amongst the mustelids and genets amongst the viverrids ( Kruuk , 1978 ; Bearder & Randall , 1978 , Delibes et al .
many mammalian carnivores use latrines , such as badgers [among/of] the mustelids and genets [among/of] the viverrids ( kruuk , 1978 ; bearder & randall , 1978 , delibes et al .

The most efficient predators may take animals as large as or larger than themselves , but this is usually as a result of communal hunting , for example amongst the mammalian carnivores .
the most efficient predators may take animals as large as or larger than themselves , but this is usually as a result of communal hunting , for example [among/of] the mammalian carnivores .

This is true to a certain extent of even the most specialist feeders amongst the owls like the great grey owl or the short-eared owl , while most other species adapt their dietary requirements to a wide range of seasonal , climatic , regional and ecological variants .
this is true to a certain extent of even the most specialist feeders [among/of] the owls like the great grey owl or the short-eared owl , while most other species adapt their dietary requirements to a wide range of seasonal , climatic , regional and ecological variants .

It is one of the most specialized feeders amongst the owls in contrast to the closely related tawny owl , which is one of the least specialized species .
it is one of the most specialized feeders [among/of] the owls in contrast to the closely related tawny owl , which is one of the least specialized species .

Trinity College boasts many famous playwrights amongst its graduates — Congreve , Farquhar , Goldsmith , Wilde , Beckett — and many more of the great English-language dramatists were Irishmen — Sheridan , Shaw , Boucicault , etc .
trinity college boasts many famous playwrights [among/of] its graduates — congreve , farquhar , goldsmith , wilde , beckett — and many more of the great english-language dramatists were irishmen — sheridan , shaw , boucicault , etc .

The leader needs to encourage participation , to build on staff strengths , to help evolve a vision amongst staff -s remains the primary challenge of leadership , and the vision requires the building of quality in a participatory enterprise ?
the leader needs to encourage participation , to build on staff strengths , to help evolve a vision [among/of] staff -s remains the primary challenge of leadership , and the vision requires the building of quality in a participatory enterprise ?

At Hinde House we were aware of the changes inherent in taking all the proposals , concerns and issues in education , attempting a series of separate and discreet changes , and then finding a lack of coherence regarding the whole curriculum , with the added possibility of incomplete and ineffective curriculum change causing frustration amongst teaching staff .
at hinde house we were aware of the changes inherent in taking all the proposals , concerns and issues in education , attempting a series of separate and discreet changes , and then finding a lack of coherence regarding the whole curriculum , with the added possibility of incomplete and ineffective curriculum change causing frustration [among/of] teaching staff .

Very rarely has such experience been shared amongst a wider group of community partners .
very rarely has such experience been shared [among/of] a wider group of community partners .

Throughout these early days the service was faced with problems of misinterpretation about its purpose amongst the educational community .
throughout these early days the service was faced with problems of misinterpretation about its purpose [among/of] the educational community .

Unfortunately consensus is n't always in evidence amongst those who would claim to be in ‘ partnership ’ .
unfortunately consensus is n't always in evidence [among/of] those who would claim to be in ‘ partnership ’ .

An injunction was granted in that case to enforce that duty ordering the owner to maintain a hoarding around a vacant piece of his land or find some other way to prevent trespassers from using and depositing filth and refuse there , which amongst other things , gave rise to foul odours .
an injunction was granted in that case to enforce that duty ordering the owner to maintain a hoarding around a vacant piece of his land or find some other way to prevent trespassers from using and depositing filth and refuse there , which [among/of] other things , gave rise to foul odours .

If implemented this would remove one of the criticisms of a s.52 agreement which can be a useful tool in achieving , amongst other things , odour prevention and abatement .
if implemented this would remove one of the criticisms of a s.52 agreement which can be a useful tool in achieving , [among/of] other things , odour prevention and abatement .

Normally amongst these is included any matter where the complainant has or had a right of appeal or right to go to the courts but has not used it .
normally [among/of] these is included any matter where the complainant has or had a right of appeal or right to go to the courts but has not used it .

The complainant maintained ( amongst other things ) that the District Alkali Inspector should have offered in his evidence the fact that a similar plant owned by the firm had been mentioned in the Chief Alkali Inspector 's Annual Reports for 1962 to 1965 as a result of a complaint about a ‘ tom cat smell ’ .
the complainant maintained ( [among/of] other things ) that the district alkali inspector should have offered in his evidence the fact that a similar plant owned by the firm had been mentioned in the chief alkali inspector 's annual reports for 1962 to 1965 as a result of a complaint about a ‘ tom cat smell ’ .

You are more likely to be amongst the 35 per cent who only have one preference , or the 24 per cent who have two preferences , of the 20 per cent who have three preferences .
you are more likely to be [among/of] the 35 per cent who only have one preference , or the 24 per cent who have two preferences , of the 20 per cent who have three preferences .

There are a number of reasons why meetings tend to have a poor reputation . Amongst them are :
there are a number of reasons why meetings tend to have a poor reputation . [among/of] them are :

It also suggests the need for a senior management team unfettered by the need to consult with or seek consensus amongst the staff .
it also suggests the need for a senior management team unfettered by the need to consult with or seek consensus [among/of] the staff .

It has concerned itself not simply with financial concepts , such as ‘ cost per pupil ’ but also with outcomes , including in its 1986 report , examination successes , staying-on rates and ‘ sickness absence amongst teachers — a barometer of staff morale .
it has concerned itself not simply with financial concepts , such as ‘ cost per pupil ’ but also with outcomes , including in its 1986 report , examination successes , staying-on rates and ‘ sickness absence [among/of] teachers — a barometer of staff morale .

However good diagnostic skills and experience are not uniformly available amongst staff at any given time due to a variety of factors .
however good diagnostic skills and experience are not uniformly available [among/of] staff at any given time due to a variety of factors .

Prominent amongst these is usually the selection of an inappropriate knowledge representation through absent or incorrect problem formulation .
prominent [among/of] these is usually the selection of an inappropriate knowledge representation through absent or incorrect problem formulation .

Burning lumps of phosphorus jelly were scattered amongst the containers , forming a foreground that was blinding .
burning lumps of phosphorus jelly were scattered [among/of] the containers , forming a foreground that was blinding .

Broken teeth usually result from the horse crunching on a stone which could be amongst his food or while grazing .
broken teeth usually result from the horse crunching on a stone which could be [among/of] his food or while grazing .

And the setting — historic farm buildings amongst breathtaking countryside .
and the setting — historic farm buildings [among/of] breathtaking countryside .

The Earl of Burlington , Sir John Hotham and Sir Marmaduke Constable were amongst those who subscribed £365 to ensure that the ‘ Kiplingcotes was ridd yearly on the third Thursday in March ’ .
the earl of burlington , sir john hotham and sir marmaduke constable were [among/of] those who subscribed £365 to ensure that the ‘ kiplingcotes was ridd yearly on the third thursday in march ’ .

These were now about two years old , so he hoped he might be amongst the prize winners in the next five years .
these were now about two years old , so he hoped he might be [among/of] the prize winners in the next five years .

Television may be much more popular than radio , but radio plays still deserve their place amongst the airwaves , and they are worth listening to .
television may be much more popular than radio , but radio plays still deserve their place [among/of] the airwaves , and they are worth listening to .

Make copies and circulate them amongst your friends and family , asking them to check with you before they make their choice — to avoid duplication .
make copies and circulate them [among/of] your friends and family , asking them to check with you before they make their choice — to avoid duplication .

Picture an island near Zanzibar ringed by a virginal coral reef where you stay in a thatched hut amongst palm trees on a pristine beach .
picture an island near zanzibar ringed by a virginal coral reef where you stay in a thatched hut [among/of] palm trees on a pristine beach .

This disc is being sold in Britain , but it seems unlikely to win favour amongst large microcomputer manufacturers .
this disc is being sold in britain , but it seems unlikely to win favour [among/of] large microcomputer manufacturers .

Wasters , as old Sam once said , ‘ are their own worst enemies , though they are generally found amongst the ranks of those who rail at the injustices of the world .
wasters , as old sam once said , ‘ are their own worst enemies , though they are generally found [among/of] the ranks of those who rail at the injustices of the world .

The three governments have agreed that the missile projects will include the free transfer of all appropriate technology amongst the participating companies .
the three governments have agreed that the missile projects will include the free transfer of all appropriate technology [among/of] the participating companies .

When the company was trying to stimulate confidence amongst its backers , Nimslo proudly claimed that it had ‘ received ’ nearly £3 million in government grants to tool up for British production at the Timex factory in Dundee .
when the company was trying to stimulate confidence [among/of] its backers , nimslo proudly claimed that it had ‘ received ’ nearly £3 million in government grants to tool up for british production at the timex factory in dundee .

Whorls were most frequent amongst men suffering from duodenal ulcers ( 44 per cent compared with 37 per cent in healthy subjects ) and loops Here less frequent ( 51 per cent compared to 58 per cent ) .
whorls were most frequent [among/of] men suffering from duodenal ulcers ( 44 per cent compared with 37 per cent in healthy subjects ) and loops here less frequent ( 51 per cent compared to 58 per cent ) .

There could well be a problem of interference amongst all these users .
there could well be a problem of interference [among/of] all these users .

Amongst smaller introduced animals are fire ants , which out-compete with the native ants ( and which can cause uncomfortable nights for camping scientists ) ; and cockroaches , which have been discovered on one or two islands and may have been transported inadvertently amongst supplies destined for scientists doing long-term research .
[among/of] smaller introduced animals are fire ants , which out-compete with the native ants ( and which can cause uncomfortable nights for camping scientists ) ; and cockroaches , which have been discovered on one or two islands and may have been transported inadvertently [among/of] supplies destined for scientists doing long-term research .

The twisted snakes that acted as ferrules on ceremonial staffs are amongst the less elaborate objects fashioned in this way .
the twisted snakes that acted as ferrules on ceremonial staffs are [among/of] the less elaborate objects fashioned in this way .

‘ It appears , as a general finding , that there is much cynicism amongst primary school teachers about the possibility of innovation in curricula when teaching is under its present constraint .
‘ it appears , as a general finding , that there is much cynicism [among/of] primary school teachers about the possibility of innovation in curricula when teaching is under its present constraint .

‘ Some of the fears about large-scale immigration could in fact be self-fulfilling , since an antipathetic attitude towards incomers could create the conditions of dissatisfaction and unhappiness amongst immigrants that will cause both a high turnover and disharmony between Shetlanders and immigrants … ’
‘ some of the fears about large-scale immigration could in fact be self-fulfilling , since an antipathetic attitude towards incomers could create the conditions of dissatisfaction and unhappiness [among/of] immigrants that will cause both a high turnover and disharmony between shetlanders and immigrants … ’

Amongst other things , the consultants recommended the adoption of a housing policy to cope with the increasing number of planning applications for private houses which were then coming from recently-arrived oil-workers and newly-prosperous Orcadians , as well as the likelihood of even more applications in the future .
[among/of] other things , the consultants recommended the adoption of a housing policy to cope with the increasing number of planning applications for private houses which were then coming from recently-arrived oil-workers and newly-prosperous orcadians , as well as the likelihood of even more applications in the future .

She lived in Quay Street , Saltcoats and for as long as she was able to do so , spent much of her time around the harbour , conversing with the sailors amongst whom she had spent her life .
she lived in quay street , saltcoats and for as long as she was able to do so , spent much of her time around the harbour , conversing with the sailors [among/of] whom she had spent her life .

Even in the early years , Piper 's percentage gave him $ 8,000 a year , making him amongst the highest paid men in Australia .
even in the early years , piper 's percentage gave him $ 8,000 a year , making him [among/of] the highest paid men in australia .

As there was no cave or other suitable hiding place nearby , the farmer made a bed for Peden on the ground amongst a field of standing corn .
as there was no cave or other suitable hiding place nearby , the farmer made a bed for peden on the ground [among/of] a field of standing corn .

Messengers were sent off to sympathetic neighbours , and , amongst them , Hugh Woodburn of Loudoun Mains sent his younger brother , George , to ask John Nisbet of Hardhill to come with all haste .
messengers were sent off to sympathetic neighbours , and , [among/of] them , hugh woodburn of loudoun mains sent his younger brother , george , to ask john nisbet of hardhill to come with all haste .

When he reached the fighting , he charged in amongst the Dragoons , shouting loudly and urging his companions to follow him .
when he reached the fighting , he charged in [among/of] the dragoons , shouting loudly and urging his companions to follow him .

Ayrshire bacon established a wide reputation for its excellence and took its place amongst the most popular bacons of Britain .
ayrshire bacon established a wide reputation for its excellence and took its place [among/of] the most popular bacons of britain .

It is intriguing to wonder how some of the emigrants found their way to the outlandish places in which they settled , or how Ayrshire names came to be given to spots which are amongst the most isolated on earth .
it is intriguing to wonder how some of the emigrants found their way to the outlandish places in which they settled , or how ayrshire names came to be given to spots which are [among/of] the most isolated on earth .

It was not until they came out into the clearing where the lame horse was dismally hobbling amongst the forest grasses that he became aware of what had happened .
it was not until they came out into the clearing where the lame horse was dismally hobbling [among/of] the forest grasses that he became aware of what had happened .

When the moon came up , a full moon that illuminated the wet stony surface of the Waste so that it shone like a polished shield , they were able to go more quickly amongst the dappled and striped shadows of the trees .
when the moon came up , a full moon that illuminated the wet stony surface of the waste so that it shone like a polished shield , they were able to go more quickly [among/of] the dappled and striped shadows of the trees .

They differed in size , the largest amongst them were rectangular , most were circular , all were built with rough timber walls and roofed with branches and turves .
they differed in size , the largest [among/of] them were rectangular , most were circular , all were built with rough timber walls and roofed with branches and turves .

The rushes on the floor were none too clean : hungry wolf-hounds foraged amongst them for bits of food and Corbett heard the squeak and scamper of rats .
the rushes on the floor were none too clean : hungry wolf-hounds foraged [among/of] them for bits of food and corbett heard the squeak and scamper of rats .

Other guests now rose to leave and the two English envoys got up and began to move amongst the different groups .
other guests now rose to leave and the two english envoys got up and began to move [among/of] the different groups .

Small creatures moved and stirred amongst the undergrowth , the snapping of twigs and mysterious rustling noises sounding all the more ominous in the green cold silence of the forest .
small creatures moved and stirred [among/of] the undergrowth , the snapping of twigs and mysterious rustling noises sounding all the more ominous in the green cold silence of the forest .

Then the rest were amongst them , slashing with short-sword , mace and club .
then the rest were [among/of] them , slashing with short-sword , mace and club .

Wishart leaned forward and fished amongst the pieces of parchment on his table , took up a thin scroll and tossed it to Corbett .
wishart leaned forward and fished [among/of] the pieces of parchment on his table , took up a thin scroll and tossed it to corbett .

It was a period of intense debate , not only amongst politicians but also between many outstanding economists working within the Marxist tradition .
it was a period of intense debate , not only [among/of] politicians but also between many outstanding economists working within the marxist tradition .

These ‘ Notes ’ , whilst ostensibly aimed at the Trotskyist Opposition ( which had officially been routed in 1927 ) were in reality directed against the ‘ super-industrialisers ’ amongst the ruling majority .
these ‘ notes ’ , whilst ostensibly aimed at the trotskyist opposition ( which had officially been routed in 1927 ) were in reality directed against the ‘ super-industrialisers ’ [among/of] the ruling majority .

Frederick Matthias Alexander It is an interesting fact that , while being fine examples of inhibition and control , cats are also amongst the fastest creatures on earth .
frederick matthias alexander it is an interesting fact that , while being fine examples of inhibition and control , cats are also [among/of] the fastest creatures on earth .

His condition creates a crisis of conscience amongst medical staff — should a patient with a terminal condition really be allowed to take up already over-subscribed resources ?
his condition creates a crisis of conscience [among/of] medical staff — should a patient with a terminal condition really be allowed to take up already over-subscribed resources ?

Gritting her teeth , she put out her right hand and gripped the hub of the near wheel , driving her fingers amongst the spokes .
gritting her teeth , she put out her right hand and gripped the hub of the near wheel , driving her fingers [among/of] the spokes .

It was double-fronted , with a large window on either side of the oaken door , four in a row above , and a little round attic one on top , amongst the eaves .
it was double-fronted , with a large window on either side of the oaken door , four in a row above , and a little round attic one on top , [among/of] the eaves .

She saw that it was covered with badly printed words , amongst which ‘ Wellwisher ’ stood out .
she saw that it was covered with badly printed words , [among/of] which ‘ wellwisher ’ stood out .

It was not until they were coming back , with the required tins of paint and thick brushes amongst the rest of the shopping , that anything really unpleasant took place .
it was not until they were coming back , with the required tins of paint and thick brushes [among/of] the rest of the shopping , that anything really unpleasant took place .

His parents fully understood his difficulties and raised no objections when he said that he wanted to live in the poorest part of South-East London for a year , to study conditions and work in a lay capacity amongst the people .
his parents fully understood his difficulties and raised no objections when he said that he wanted to live in the poorest part of south-east london for a year , to study conditions and work in a lay capacity [among/of] the people .

But there were plenty of beautiful and recognisable faces to be seen amongst the anonymous , but none-the-less powerful , fashion editors , still enough buying power in this room alone to rock empires , even if no house made a profit from the couture but rather used it for a loss-leading advertisement and a mark of prestige .
but there were plenty of beautiful and recognisable faces to be seen [among/of] the anonymous , but none-the-less powerful , fashion editors , still enough buying power in this room alone to rock empires , even if no house made a profit from the couture but rather used it for a loss-leading advertisement and a mark of prestige .

She had grown up amongst beautiful clothes , been dressed from childhood in designer fashion , been made to stand still for fittings for her graduation dress and her first ball gown , and hated every moment of it .
she had grown up [among/of] beautiful clothes , been dressed from childhood in designer fashion , been made to stand still for fittings for her graduation dress and her first ball gown , and hated every moment of it .

But on occasions he stopped in his tracks to wonder just what he was doing here , amidst all this elegance and opulence , numbering the rich and famous and powerful amongst his clients — and his friends .
but on occasions he stopped in his tracks to wonder just what he was doing here , amidst all this elegance and opulence , numbering the rich and famous and powerful [among/of] his clients — and his friends .

Only in the room Sally had chosen especially for her was Harriet amongst familiar echoes of the past and she never entered it without feeling a wave of gratitude towards her aunt .
only in the room sally had chosen especially for her was harriet [among/of] familiar echoes of the past and she never entered it without feeling a wave of gratitude towards her aunt .

The door closed after Harriet , and Sally rifled through her wardrobe looking for a dress of mauve-sprigged white seersucker , slightly yellowed now , and quite out of place amongst the designer gowns .
the door closed after harriet , and sally rifled through her wardrobe looking for a dress of mauve-sprigged white seersucker , slightly yellowed now , and quite out of place [among/of] the designer gowns .

The House of Mattli was a husband and wife team who were numbered amongst the top ten names in the Incorporated Society of London Fashion Designers .
the house of mattli was a husband and wife team who were numbered [among/of] the top ten names in the incorporated society of london fashion designers .

The appearance of a famous face in the show rooms always caused a stir amongst the girls , who all longed to hook a wealthy husband — and if he had a title , like the Aly Khan , or was a film star like Omar Shariff , then so much the better !
the appearance of a famous face in the show rooms always caused a stir [among/of] the girls , who all longed to hook a wealthy husband — and if he had a title , like the aly khan , or was a film star like omar shariff , then so much the better !

Before setting off on a coastal paddle it is important to check the charts for military ranges , amongst other dangers .
before setting off on a coastal paddle it is important to check the charts for military ranges , [among/of] other dangers .

Sabbath observance is held most strictly in much of the Outer Hebrides , travelling amongst the locals being limited with little or no public transport .
sabbath observance is held most strictly in much of the outer hebrides , travelling [among/of] the locals being limited with little or no public transport .

Even in the rain we were enchanted ; what a beautiful , wild island , otters , deer , virgin beaches marked only by our footprints , this image being temporarily shattered by the collection of man 's waste amongst the Atlantic flotsam .
even in the rain we were enchanted ; what a beautiful , wild island , otters , deer , virgin beaches marked only by our footprints , this image being temporarily shattered by the collection of man 's waste [among/of] the atlantic flotsam .

Reed Canoes & Camping of Cambridge have been amongst the retailers having a difficult time of late .
reed canoes & camping of cambridge have been [among/of] the retailers having a difficult time of late .

Are some renowned amongst their fellows for the quality of their underwater ballads and harmonies ?
are some renowned [among/of] their fellows for the quality of their underwater ballads and harmonies ?

There are many clues hidden amongst the archives of the local library or museum .
there are many clues hidden [among/of] the archives of the local library or museum .

Allen Watkins used to say that there was a core of truth hidden in the heart of all folk tales and legends if we can only find it amongst the accumulations which have occurred over time : the difficulty arose in finding out what it was — of winnowing the wheat from the chaff .
allen watkins used to say that there was a core of truth hidden in the heart of all folk tales and legends if we can only find it [among/of] the accumulations which have occurred over time : the difficulty arose in finding out what it was — of winnowing the wheat from the chaff .

The view that has found favour amongst those involved with Earth Mysteries , and one which seems to spring out of the page when these legends are brought together , is that most folklore associated with ancient sites can best be interpreted in terms of the survival of the old pagan religion and , one of its wellsprings , the existence of some form of energy which the ancient people were sensitive to and which they used for healing and in their rituals .
the view that has found favour [among/of] those involved with earth mysteries , and one which seems to spring out of the page when these legends are brought together , is that most folklore associated with ancient sites can best be interpreted in terms of the survival of the old pagan religion and , one of its wellsprings , the existence of some form of energy which the ancient people were sensitive to and which they used for healing and in their rituals .

Chopin 's Scherzi are amongst the most problematic of all his major works .
chopin 's scherzi are [among/of] the most problematic of all his major works .

There can be no more encouraging sight amongst current record company listings that the steady addition of Handel 's operas to the catalogue .
there can be no more encouraging sight [among/of] current record company listings that the steady addition of handel 's operas to the catalogue .

Munchausen 's syndrome is usually seen amongst those with some medical knowledge , such as failed medical students or nurses .
munchausen 's syndrome is usually seen [among/of] those with some medical knowledge , such as failed medical students or nurses .

Amongst these are contact lens wetting solutions , comfort drops and artificial tears , which , perhaps surprisingly , have similar compositions .
[among/of] these are contact lens wetting solutions , comfort drops and artificial tears , which , perhaps surprisingly , have similar compositions .

Again and again , he returned amongst the debris and succeeded in bringing out two more children , one of whom died in his arms .
again and again , he returned [among/of] the debris and succeeded in bringing out two more children , one of whom died in his arms .

The Royal Cross School at that time operated on the Pure Oral system , but the boys were all led to safety by using sign language to communicate amongst the glare of the flames and through dense smoke !
the royal cross school at that time operated on the pure oral system , but the boys were all led to safety by using sign language to communicate [among/of] the glare of the flames and through dense smoke !

Thanks to the connections made by William Agnew amongst Glasgow 's high society , the Bazaar was extremely successful and raised more than enough to purchase a prime site on the corner of West Regent Street and West Campbell Street .
thanks to the connections made by william agnew [among/of] glasgow 's high society , the bazaar was extremely successful and raised more than enough to purchase a prime site on the corner of west regent street and west campbell street .

In the previous chapter , we saw that the start of organised football in Scotland amongst the deaf commenced in 1889 with the formation of the Scottish Deaf and Dumb Football Association which launched a knock-out cup competition .
in the previous chapter , we saw that the start of organised football in scotland [among/of] the deaf commenced in 1889 with the formation of the scottish deaf and dumb football association which launched a knock-out cup competition .

The last quarter of the nineteenth century was a tremendous time in British deaf history , not just because of the events that took place and the deeds that were done , but also because of the men of remarkable ability and calibre who were to be giants amongst deaf , and hearing , people .
the last quarter of the nineteenth century was a tremendous time in british deaf history , not just because of the events that took place and the deeds that were done , but also because of the men of remarkable ability and calibre who were to be giants [among/of] deaf , and hearing , people .

This interested the Bishop of Winchester in work amongst the deaf , and soon afterwards Pearce commenced studying for Holy Orders .
this interested the bishop of winchester in work [among/of] the deaf , and soon afterwards pearce commenced studying for holy orders .

Amongst these was Lord Lytton ( Sir Edward Bulwer-Lytton : 1803–1873 ) the novelist , who was a minister in Disraeli 's Government .
[among/of] these was lord lytton ( sir edward bulwer-lytton : 1803–1873 ) the novelist , who was a minister in disraeli 's government .

He was unique amongst deaf men of the early twentieth century .
he was unique [among/of] deaf men of the early twentieth century .

If the 1920s were a time of depression , the 1930s were not that much better , and morale amongst deaf people was still at an all-time low .
if the 1920s were a time of depression , the 1930s were not that much better , and morale [among/of] deaf people was still at an all-time low .

Amongst the buildings damaged was the Church Hall , where the deaf of Exeter met , and where the missioner had his offices .
[among/of] the buildings damaged was the church hall , where the deaf of exeter met , and where the missioner had his offices .

Then the Germans left Exeter alone for one full week , during which they bombed , amongst other towns , Bath , Weymouth and Torquay .
then the germans left exeter alone for one full week , during which they bombed , [among/of] other towns , bath , weymouth and torquay .

And the Library Association , amongst others , continually pressed the Minister to act , but to no avail .
and the library association , [among/of] others , continually pressed the minister to act , but to no avail .

This clause provoked considerable anger amongst the gay community and some concern amongst local authorities .
this clause provoked considerable anger [among/of] the gay community and some concern [among/of] local authorities .

The fate of Henry Scott may yet prove to be a salutary lesson to those local authorities intending to expand their programmes of publishing homosexual-related literature , nor should librarians ignore this piece of history if they display homosexual literature amongst their new acquisitions or publish a booklist of homosexual literature .
the fate of henry scott may yet prove to be a salutary lesson to those local authorities intending to expand their programmes of publishing homosexual-related literature , nor should librarians ignore this piece of history if they display homosexual literature [among/of] their new acquisitions or publish a booklist of homosexual literature .

Although librarians might not make the mistake of viewing selection as censorship , amongst the general public * might be difficult to make the distinction given the sensational and mischievous coverage given to some alleged library censorship in the media .
although librarians might not make the mistake of viewing selection as censorship , [among/of] the general public * might be difficult to make the distinction given the sensational and mischievous coverage given to some alleged library censorship in the media .

Lesser Spotted Woodpeckers are of regular occurrence amongst these trees .
lesser spotted woodpeckers are of regular occurrence [among/of] these trees .

Other changes arise from mechanisation which , amongst other things , has resulted in the complete disappearance of the corn rick and its attendant chaff heap .
other changes arise from mechanisation which , [among/of] other things , has resulted in the complete disappearance of the corn rick and its attendant chaff heap .

There is a strong sense of community amongst the self-governing student body .
there is a strong sense of community [among/of] the self-governing student body .

The historic city of Londonderry , location of the Magee College campus , is famous for , amongst other things , its massive 17th-century walls .
the historic city of londonderry , location of the magee college campus , is famous for , [among/of] other things , its massive 17th-century walls .

Together they comprise a course programme which in range and choice is amongst the best in the United Kingdom .
together they comprise a course programme which in range and choice is [among/of] the best in the united kingdom .

Careers in management , the tax inspectorate , accountancy , computing and in central and local government have been prominent amongst those chosen in past years by graduates .
careers in management , the tax inspectorate , accountancy , computing and in central and local government have been prominent [among/of] those chosen in past years by graduates .

His early pupils practised for hours every Saturday afternoon amongst the bales of cotton in one of the firm 's warehouses .
his early pupils practised for hours every saturday afternoon [among/of] the bales of cotton in one of the firm 's warehouses .

As it was rumoured amongst the Girls that horsemeat was served , she was unadventurous and always stuck to a monotonous diet of egg and chips .
as it was rumoured [among/of] the girls that horsemeat was served , she was unadventurous and always stuck to a monotonous diet of egg and chips .

John 's firm having been established for nearly forty years by this time , the rival Lawrence Girls were definitely more earthy in character , with not a snob amongst them possibly because they did not have such a long tradition .
john 's firm having been established for nearly forty years by this time , the rival lawrence girls were definitely more earthy in character , with not a snob [among/of] them possibly because they did not have such a long tradition .

how charming , plaintive solos on the clarinet or flute would have a fine effect amongst such rocks , which during the intervals of rest , would echo back the melancholy notes in soft reverberations , and produce in the mind a union of the most pleasing sensations .
how charming , plaintive solos on the clarinet or flute would have a fine effect [among/of] such rocks , which during the intervals of rest , would echo back the melancholy notes in soft reverberations , and produce in the mind a union of the most pleasing sensations .

We aim to provide a unique and interesting evening spent amongst the ghosts of the past & present .
we aim to provide a unique and interesting evening spent [among/of] the ghosts of the past & present .

Chief amongst these is Kenilworth Castle , probably the most important castle in the Midlands , whose remains are certainly the most dramatic today .
chief [among/of] these is kenilworth castle , probably the most important castle in the midlands , whose remains are certainly the most dramatic today .

Some real bargains lie in wait amongst the never-ending maze of stalls .
some real bargains lie in wait [among/of] the never-ending maze of stalls .

She had stood out in the crowd even amongst the beautiful beach children of San Francisco .
she had stood out in the crowd even [among/of] the beautiful beach children of san francisco .

But today there was the picnic , and who could tell what would happen once the four of them got in amongst the pine coverts of Ham Park .
but today there was the picnic , and who could tell what would happen once the four of them got in [among/of] the pine coverts of ham park .

He felt foolish as he looked at Molly who was on all fours amongst the pine needles looking at him in open mouthed amazement .
he felt foolish as he looked at molly who was on all fours [among/of] the pine needles looking at him in open mouthed amazement .

Yet as has been shown by , amongst others , Hills , in an investigation of some applications of self-teaching systems , lectures do have considerable appeal for students .
yet as has been shown by , [among/of] others , hills , in an investigation of some applications of self-teaching systems , lectures do have considerable appeal for students .

In some respects the public library has a unique position amongst libraries in user education and the potential for greater success in teaching the use of libraries and information .
in some respects the public library has a unique position [among/of] libraries in user education and the potential for greater success in teaching the use of libraries and information .

There is common agreement amongst librarians , even outside the school library sector , that the earlier a person acquires library and information skills the better .
there is common agreement [among/of] librarians , even outside the school library sector , that the earlier a person acquires library and information skills the better .

The chief emphasis has been on instructing children in the use of the library and to a lesser extent on the promotion of reading amongst schoolchildren .
the chief emphasis has been on instructing children in the use of the library and to a lesser extent on the promotion of reading [among/of] schoolchildren .

Foremost amongst these has been the Information Skills in the Curriculum Research Unit ( InSCRU ) , whose main aim can be summarized as follows : to create planned opportunities in the various school subjects for the introduction , exercise and development of a wide range of information skills .
foremost [among/of] these has been the information skills in the curriculum research unit ( inscru ) , whose main aim can be summarized as follows : to create planned opportunities in the various school subjects for the introduction , exercise and development of a wide range of information skills .

In a two-year period from 1979 the ‘ Teaching of study skills project ’ investigated the teaching of study skills amongst 16–19 year olds .
in a two-year period from 1979 the ‘ teaching of study skills project ’ investigated the teaching of study skills [among/of] 16–19 year olds .

Some of the present generation 's problems with information will therefore recede , but they will be replaced by others : and chief amongst these are selection , interpretation and evaluation of information .
some of the present generation 's problems with information will therefore recede , but they will be replaced by others : and chief [among/of] these are selection , interpretation and evaluation of information .

The fact that evaluation has been and continues to be a matter of concern probably reflects the uncertainty amongst librarians of user education methodologies .
the fact that evaluation has been and continues to be a matter of concern probably reflects the uncertainty [among/of] librarians of user education methodologies .

When we went on holiday , perhaps to Eastbourne , we used to have four or five other couples who worked in the Post Office with me — we met down there annually and played bowls amongst ourselves .
when we went on holiday , perhaps to eastbourne , we used to have four or five other couples who worked in the post office with me — we met down there annually and played bowls [among/of] ourselves .

It is important to bear in mind that there may be a significant amount of delinquency and crime amongst the middle classes , but we are less likely to be made aware of it .
it is important to bear in mind that there may be a significant amount of delinquency and crime [among/of] the middle classes , but we are less likely to be made aware of it .

Fortunately , a framework was recently developed which is of great help in delineating appropriate value-adding roles for librarians and information scientists . In his book Value-added processes in information systems , Robert Taylor lists 23 criteria which users consciously , or unknowingly , make use of in choosing amongst a variety of information presented [ Taylor ( 1986 ) , p 50 ] :
fortunately , a framework was recently developed which is of great help in delineating appropriate value-adding roles for librarians and information scientists . in his book value-added processes in information systems , robert taylor lists 23 criteria which users consciously , or unknowingly , make use of in choosing [among/of] a variety of information presented [ taylor ( 1986 ) , p 50 ] :

The above approach is clearly only one amongst several that might be fruitful .
the above approach is clearly only one [among/of] several that might be fruitful .

In the education system , the war has accentuated the preponderance of women , particularly amongst paid and volunteer teachers in literacy and adult education .
in the education system , the war has accentuated the preponderance of women , particularly [among/of] paid and volunteer teachers in literacy and adult education .

In amongst Esso petroleum storage tanks on the north side of the river a high Cleopatra Needle by old fortifications marks the memorial to Henry Bell whose Comet , the first commercially successful steam ship , was launched on the Clyde in 1812 .
in [among/of] esso petroleum storage tanks on the north side of the river a high cleopatra needle by old fortifications marks the memorial to henry bell whose comet , the first commercially successful steam ship , was launched on the clyde in 1812 .

Set back , uncared for amongst bracken at the edge of an arable field , was a short-armed Iona cross , a monument to ‘ Waverley Arthur Cameron of the Oban Times ’ drowned in 1891 whilst his sailing boat foundered off the coast — erected by his sorrowing father .
set back , uncared for [among/of] bracken at the edge of an arable field , was a short-armed iona cross , a monument to ‘ waverley arthur cameron of the oban times ’ drowned in 1891 whilst his sailing boat foundered off the coast — erected by his sorrowing father .

Over the years there have been a number of relief organists amongst whom are .
over the years there have been a number of relief organists [among/of] whom are .

Food , as one of the great sensual experiences is always uppermost in our minds , and at Bristol , amongst new intake it seemed invariably the priority subject .
food , as one of the great sensual experiences is always uppermost in our minds , and at bristol , [among/of] new intake it seemed invariably the priority subject .

Sufferers , seekers , avoiders of pollution , ardent proponents of detoxification amongst the hedonists .
sufferers , seekers , avoiders of pollution , ardent proponents of detoxification [among/of] the hedonists .

There were three Hitchcocks amongst the rebels of Sedgemoor , Humphrey was hanged , John transported to Barbados and a second John , not being at home when the sheriff called , seems to have cheated rope and ship .
there were three hitchcocks [among/of] the rebels of sedgemoor , humphrey was hanged , john transported to barbados and a second john , not being at home when the sheriff called , seems to have cheated rope and ship .

In every relaxation and visualization session , the one common factor amongst patients had been the desire to image a pastoral background .
in every relaxation and visualization session , the one common factor [among/of] patients had been the desire to image a pastoral background .

Despite the rigours of Junior football and Celtic 's body building sessions , Johnstone remained a midget , a dwarf amongst giants who spent most of his career infuriating psychopathic defenders with his slippery dribbling style .
despite the rigours of junior football and celtic 's body building sessions , johnstone remained a midget , a dwarf [among/of] giants who spent most of his career infuriating psychopathic defenders with his slippery dribbling style .

Amongst the many who have owned pubs at one time or another , Willie Johnson runs ‘ The Port Rae Bar ’ in Kirkcaldy , Doug Smith the ex-Dundee United centre — half runs ‘ The Athletic Bar ’ in Dundee 's Hilltown , Joe McBride the former Celtic striker runs ‘ The Wee Mill ’ near Shawfield , Danny McGrain runs ‘ Danny Mac 's ’ at Parkhead Cross , Davie Hay briefly managed his own pub and Dixie Deans of Celtic runs Carluke 's ‘ Station Bar ’ .
[among/of] the many who have owned pubs at one time or another , willie johnson runs ‘ the port rae bar ’ in kirkcaldy , doug smith the ex-dundee united centre — half runs ‘ the athletic bar ’ in dundee 's hilltown , joe mcbride the former celtic striker runs ‘ the wee mill ’ near shawfield , danny mcgrain runs ‘ danny mac 's ’ at parkhead cross , davie hay briefly managed his own pub and dixie deans of celtic runs carluke 's ‘ station bar ’ .

In contrast was his finding that amongst the prisoners of San Quentin jail , there were some who had achieved fulfilment .
in contrast was his finding that [among/of] the prisoners of san quentin jail , there were some who had achieved fulfilment .

Maslow in his experiments found that amongst his highest men and women ( those who had fulfilled themselves in life ) there were two distinct groups .
maslow in his experiments found that [among/of] his highest men and women ( those who had fulfilled themselves in life ) there were two distinct groups .

Amongst a hundred persons , the lover stands out as plain as the shining moon in heaven amongst the stars .
[among/of] a hundred persons , the lover stands out as plain as the shining moon in heaven [among/of] the stars .

To close the eyes should be to see a carnival amongst friends .
to close the eyes should be to see a carnival [among/of] friends .

a growing dissatisfaction with the more recent productions ( or the majority of them ) of that form of Classic Architecture Vernacularized amongst us , and a most earnest desire to see some variety introduced among our public buildings .
a growing dissatisfaction with the more recent productions ( or the majority of them ) of that form of classic architecture vernacularized [among/of] us , and a most earnest desire to see some variety introduced among our public buildings .

Nowadays it is yet another target for tourist development , and there are already several small hotels and apartment complexes set amongst the pinewoods .
nowadays it is yet another target for tourist development , and there are already several small hotels and apartment complexes set [among/of] the pinewoods .

Although Israel is only now 50 years old , the roots of its three prime religious faiths ( Juda­ism , Islam , and Christianity ) stretch back over many millennia , and some of its ancient settlements are amongst the oldest on earth .
although israel is only now 50 years old , the roots of its three prime religious faiths ( juda­ism , islam , and christianity ) stretch back over many millennia , and some of its ancient settlements are [among/of] the oldest on earth .

Sul­­tan Abdül Hamid II ( 1876–1909 ) tried to apply absolute rule to an empire staggering under a crushing foreign debt , with a fragmented population of hostile people , and succeeded only in creating ill will and dissatisfaction amongst the younger generation of educated Turks .
sul­­tan abdül hamid ii ( 1876–1909 ) tried to apply absolute rule to an empire staggering under a crushing foreign debt , with a fragmented population of hostile people , and succeeded only in creating ill will and dissatisfaction [among/of] the younger generation of educated turks .

Hidden amongst it is the little 11th-century church of San Giacomo di Rialto — San Giacometto to them — claimed by locals to be the town ’ s oldest .
hidden [among/of] it is the little 11th-century church of san giacomo di rialto — san giacometto to them — claimed by locals to be the town ’ s oldest .

Nepal and the Mallas became fragmented upon the death in 1482 of King Yaksha Malla , who divided his lands amongst his heirs .
nepal and the mallas became fragmented upon the death in 1482 of king yaksha malla , who divided his lands [among/of] his heirs .

In Budapest tickets are much more democratically priced than in the West , and there is less of a class distinction amongst the audiences .
in budapest tickets are much more democratically priced than in the west , and there is less of a class distinction [among/of] the audiences .

While many different chemical classes are represented amongst actinomycete antibiotics , one class accounts for an extraordinary proportion of the important compounds , including all those mentioned above .
while many different chemical classes are represented [among/of] actinomycete antibiotics , one class accounts for an extraordinary proportion of the important compounds , including all those mentioned above .

Internal innate immune agents and responses include ( amongst others ) low pH of the stomach and vagina , proteolytic enzymes and bile in the small intestine , and phagocytosis .
internal innate immune agents and responses include ( [among/of] others ) low ph of the stomach and vagina , proteolytic enzymes and bile in the small intestine , and phagocytosis .

Treatment allocation strategies could also be designed based on reducing the future epidemic impact and disregarding treatment equality amongst currently infected people .
treatment allocation strategies could also be designed based on reducing the future epidemic impact and disregarding treatment equality [among/of] currently infected people .

Why , in general , do Latin American scientists often fail to reach the top journals or become amongst the most cited researchers in their fields ?
why , in general , do latin american scientists often fail to reach the top journals or become [among/of] the most cited researchers in their fields ?

Language Evolution , a compilation of essays by a diverse group of respected researchers , is amongst the first books that try to tackle what is arguably one of the hardest scientific problems .
language evolution , a compilation of essays by a diverse group of respected researchers , is [among/of] the first books that try to tackle what is arguably one of the hardest scientific problems .

There was no consensus amongst the men ( one turned up the volume on the game so he did n't have to deal with the whole thing ) .
there was no consensus [among/of] the men ( one turned up the volume on the game so he did n't have to deal with the whole thing ) .

The Protestant Ames takes an equally hard line : `` The unjust revealing a secret hath in it oftentimes the pernicious violations of trust , friendship , and honesty , '' and is therefore `` not only in the common esteem of men , but in the Scripture also , reckoned amongst the most odious sins . ''
the protestant ames takes an equally hard line : `` the unjust revealing a secret hath in it oftentimes the pernicious violations of trust , friendship , and honesty , '' and is therefore `` not only in the common esteem of men , but in the scripture also , reckoned [among/of] the most odious sins . ''

I having said that England was obliged to us for gardeners , almost all their gardeners being Scotchmen ; Johnson : `` Why , Sir , that is because gardening is much more necessary amongst you than with us , which makes so many of your people learn it .
i having said that england was obliged to us for gardeners , almost all their gardeners being scotchmen ; johnson : `` why , sir , that is because gardening is much more necessary [among/of] you than with us , which makes so many of your people learn it .

It sounds to Prudie as though there is a genuine friendship amongst the four of you , though given the wife 's peculiarities , it may be that the man is the primary friend .
it sounds to prudie as though there is a genuine friendship [among/of] the four of you , though given the wife 's peculiarities , it may be that the man is the primary friend .

They are difficult , since they deal with difficult subjects : the complex interactions amongst those ornery creatures called `` people . ''
they are difficult , since they deal with difficult subjects : the complex interactions [among/of] those ornery creatures called `` people . ''

There is clearly resentment amongst Swiss voters at their country being singled out for special attention by Jewish groups .
there is clearly resentment [among/of] swiss voters at their country being singled out for special attention by jewish groups .

He rarely washes , smokes and drinks too much ( amongst other similar vices ) , and spends the time he 's not watching infomercials until 4 a.m. , pining over a girl who broke up with him long ago .
he rarely washes , smokes and drinks too much ( [among/of] other similar vices ) , and spends the time he 's not watching infomercials until 4 a.m. , pining over a girl who broke up with him long ago .

The fourth screen adaptation of the 1782 novel Les Liaisons Dangereuses , this time set amongst Manhattan 's rich teens , gets a mixed reaction .
the fourth screen adaptation of the 1782 novel les liaisons dangereuses , this time set [among/of] manhattan 's rich teens , gets a mixed reaction .

The language spoken on the site of Adelaide , Gaurna , though unusually well recorded—by Lutheran missionaries who were amongst the early settlers—again yielded only about ten loans .
the language spoken on the site of adelaide , gaurna , though unusually well recorded—by lutheran missionaries who were [among/of] the early settlers—again yielded only about ten loans .

The title , which will make the book difficult to find amongst others that deal with dictionaries , is from Johnson 's Introduction to his dictionary .
the title , which will make the book difficult to find [among/of] others that deal with dictionaries , is from johnson 's introduction to his dictionary .

More confirming evidence to the pessimists amongst us who lament the deterioriation of standards by the users and abusers of the Mother Tongue , especially cis-Atlantic journalists .
more confirming evidence to the pessimists [among/of] us who lament the deterioriation of standards by the users and abusers of the mother tongue , especially cis-atlantic journalists .

This was soon joined , and ultimately replaced by surfer [ 1913 ] , and the earliest quotation for surfer , being part of an account of “ a surfer 's companion , ” a dainty article intended to hold bathing suit and wet towel in a water-proof case , suggests that there was a potential market amongst the fraternity ( a writer in 1919 saying emphatically that “ Surf-Bathing is dangerous for women ” ) .
this was soon joined , and ultimately replaced by surfer [ 1913 ] , and the earliest quotation for surfer , being part of an account of “ a surfer 's companion , ” a dainty article intended to hold bathing suit and wet towel in a water-proof case , suggests that there was a potential market [among/of] the fraternity ( a writer in 1919 saying emphatically that “ surf-bathing is dangerous for women ” ) .

For example , we now have the contiguous nations of Zaire , Zambia , and Zimbabwe , countries that previously did n't have a single Z to share amongst them .
for example , we now have the contiguous nations of zaire , zambia , and zimbabwe , countries that previously did n't have a single z to share [among/of] them .

Several of the personal names in the book are popular boys ' names amongst Mormon families today ; especially popular are Jared ( which is also the name of an obscure Biblical personage , but the Book of Mormon character has a far greater profile ) , Helaman and Nephi .
several of the personal names in the book are popular boys ' names [among/of] mormon families today ; especially popular are jared ( which is also the name of an obscure biblical personage , but the book of mormon character has a far greater profile ) , helaman and nephi .

Back in 1986 , upon reading of a forthcoming astronomical event , I went out amongst the unlettered and announced in the voice of one who knew , “ Halley 's Comet is coming ! ” I said it to rhyme with daily , Jack Haley ( the Tin Woodsman in The Wizard of Oz ) or Old Bailey ( as in Rumpole of the Bailey ) .
back in 1986 , upon reading of a forthcoming astronomical event , i went out [among/of] the unlettered and announced in the voice of one who knew , “ halley 's comet is coming ! ” i said it to rhyme with daily , jack haley ( the tin woodsman in the wizard of oz ) or old bailey ( as in rumpole of the bailey ) .

In the early 1950s , before overflight and satellite programs had been developed , the CIA included amongst its collection programs one of briefing selected travelers to the Soviet Union and debriefing them on their return .
in the early 1950s , before overflight and satellite programs had been developed , the cia included [among/of] its collection programs one of briefing selected travelers to the soviet union and debriefing them on their return .

In America they tell Polish jokes ; the same jokes are told in England about the Irish ; very likely , they crop up amongst the Serbs about the Croats , amongst the Croats about the Serbs , and amongst the Muslims about the Serbs and the Croats .
in america they tell polish jokes ; the same jokes are told in england about the irish ; very likely , they crop up [among/of] the serbs about the croats , [among/of] the croats about the serbs , and [among/of] the muslims about the serbs and the croats .

As a guild craft , roofing would normally have been closed to Jews during the era when surnames came into use amongst the guild classes .
as a guild craft , roofing would normally have been closed to jews during the era when surnames came into use [among/of] the guild classes .

It is unlikely that a borrowed word would undergo a significant change in form so quickly and , with hindsight , it is more likely that an impreciseness of meaning caused by unfamiliarity should attend the bringing into vogue of a word amongst those who did not have a dialect memory of it .
it is unlikely that a borrowed word would undergo a significant change in form so quickly and , with hindsight , it is more likely that an impreciseness of meaning caused by unfamiliarity should attend the bringing into vogue of a word [among/of] those who did not have a dialect memory of it .

In this case the presence of a high proportion of British regional dialect speakers amongst the convicts and settlers who emigrated or were transported to Australia argues incontrovertibly in favor of a dialect origin if a potential etymon can be shown to exist .
in this case the presence of a high proportion of british regional dialect speakers [among/of] the convicts and settlers who emigrated or were transported to australia argues incontrovertibly in favor of a dialect origin if a potential etymon can be shown to exist .

Once in the file , it is not child 's play to navigate amongst the various categories of data .
once in the file , it is not child 's play to navigate [among/of] the various categories of data .

