Until the work actually appears I am not privileged to analyze it publicly in detail .
until the work actually appears i am not privileged to [examine] it publicly in detail .

It is not enough in accounting for this feeling to analyze it into the wickedness of individual people added together to produce a cumulative effect .
it is not enough in accounting for this feeling to [examine] it into the wickedness of individual people added together to produce a cumulative effect .

But , up to now , no one has attempted to analyze its inherent mathematical properties , or the numerical significance of its numbers -- singly or in combination -- and then tried to consider these in the light of Old Chinese cosmological concepts .
but , up to now , no one has attempted to [examine] its inherent mathematical properties , or the numerical significance of its numbers -- singly or in combination -- and then tried to consider these in the light of old chinese cosmological concepts .

So we must first analyze our present institutions with respect to the effect of each on man's major needs .
so we must first [examine] our present institutions with respect to the effect of each on man's major needs .

Since civilizational change is the most difficult to perceive and analyze , it seldom is given adequate attention .
since civilizational change is the most difficult to perceive and [examine] , it seldom is given adequate attention .

in working with these patients the therapist eventually gets to do some at least private mulling over of the possible meaning of a belch , or the passage of flatus , not only because he is reduced to this for lack of anything else to analyze , but also because he learns that even these animal-like sounds constitute forms of communication in which , from time to time , quite different things are being said , long before the patient can become sufficiently aware of these , as distinct feelings and concepts , to say them in words .
in working with these patients the therapist eventually gets to do some at least private mulling over of the possible meaning of a belch , or the passage of flatus , not only because he is reduced to this for lack of anything else to [examine] , but also because he learns that even these animal-like sounds constitute forms of communication in which , from time to time , quite different things are being said , long before the patient can become sufficiently aware of these , as distinct feelings and concepts , to say them in words .

The purpose of this paper is to analyze one possible force which has not been treated in the literature , but which we believe makes a significant contribution to explaining the wage-price behavior of a few very important industries .
the purpose of this paper is to [examine] one possible force which has not been treated in the literature , but which we believe makes a significant contribution to explaining the wage-price behavior of a few very important industries .

The first step in processing was to analyze the returns from Questions 1 , 2 , and 3 to determine whether the respondents were large businesses or small businesses , in accordance with the definitions contained in ASPR Section 1-701 .
the first step in processing was to [examine] the returns from questions 1 , 2 , and 3 to determine whether the respondents were large businesses or small businesses , in accordance with the definitions contained in aspr section 1-701 .

Since this book is concerned only incidentally with railroad rates , it will not attempt to analyze the methods by which the staff of the Interstate Commerce Commission has estimated out-of-pocket costs and apportioned residue costs .
since this book is concerned only incidentally with railroad rates , it will not attempt to [examine] the methods by which the staff of the interstate commerce commission has estimated out-of-pocket costs and apportioned residue costs .

He could not stop to analyze .
he could not stop to [examine] .

just difficult to sort of analyze .
just difficult to sort of [examine] .

You have n't done nothing yet , so how can you analyze it ?
you have n't done nothing yet , so how can you [examine] it ?

We were going to actually analyze the
we were going to actually [examine] the

They see it working and often they are given a print out of the results at the end of a spectrum or something like that that they can take back to the school with them and analyze .
they see it working and often they are given a print out of the results at the end of a spectrum or something like that that they can take back to the school with them and [examine] .

Next month we 'll analyze some lines played by the greats exploring the different contexts of the ever-changing triplet groove .
next month we 'll [examine] some lines played by the greats exploring the different contexts of the ever-changing triplet groove .

For another , the computer programs which analyze semantic nets for patterns of inheritance were not usable , while this version of the semantic net was being developed .
for another , the computer programs which [examine] semantic nets for patterns of inheritance were not usable , while this version of the semantic net was being developed .

It is not enough to carefully analyze what is required to get from here to there ; it is equally important to analyze and provide what is necessary to make the change stick .
it is not enough to carefully [examine] what is required to get from here to there ; it is equally important to [examine] and provide what is necessary to make the change stick .

We have known for a long time that there is no one right way to analyze a proposed capital investment .
we have known for a long time that there is no one right way to [examine] a proposed capital investment .

De Havilland , a British company , designed and built the first passenger jet airplane , but it did not analyze what the market needed and therefore did not identify two key factors .
de havilland , a british company , designed and built the first passenger jet airplane , but it did not [examine] what the market needed and therefore did not identify two key factors .

But — whatever the situation — innovators must analyze all opportunity sources .
but — whatever the situation — innovators must [examine] all opportunity sources .

Look at the questions on p.67–68 and see how these " clues " help you to analyze questions .
look at the questions on p.67–68 and see how these " clues " help you to [examine] questions .

Briefly , empowerment education involves people in group efforts to identify their own problems , critically to analyze the cultural and socioeconomic roots of the problems , and to develop strategies to effect positive changes in their lives and in their communities .
briefly , empowerment education involves people in group efforts to identify their own problems , critically to [examine] the cultural and socioeconomic roots of the problems , and to develop strategies to effect positive changes in their lives and in their communities .

As people identify their own problems collaboratively and begin to analyze the conditions that contribute to the problems , they can develop strategies that are appropriate for their own culture , time , and place .
as people identify their own problems collaboratively and begin to [examine] the conditions that contribute to the problems , they can develop strategies that are appropriate for their own culture , time , and place .

In order to extend our knowledge of the green algal/plant lineage , we recently started to analyze another chlorophyte mtDNA , namely that of the colourless alga Prototheca wickerhamii .
in order to extend our knowledge of the green algal/plant lineage , we recently started to [examine] another chlorophyte mtdna , namely that of the colourless alga prototheca wickerhamii .

Decision process models analyze the buying process as a series of sequential steps .
decision process models [examine] the buying process as a series of sequential steps .

It emphasizes the need for marketers to analyze the satisfactions being sought by individuals through their purchase and consumption patterns , and to gain a clear understanding of individual purchase motivations .
it emphasizes the need for marketers to [examine] the satisfactions being sought by individuals through their purchase and consumption patterns , and to gain a clear understanding of individual purchase motivations .

For example , Forster and Olbrei ( 1974 , p. 320 ) propose that : ‘ syntactic processing is relatively independent of semantic processing , in the sense that the time required to analyze the syntactic structure of a sentence is constant , despite variations in the meaning of the sentence .
for example , forster and olbrei ( 1974 , p. 320 ) propose that : ‘ syntactic processing is relatively independent of semantic processing , in the sense that the time required to [examine] the syntactic structure of a sentence is constant , despite variations in the meaning of the sentence .

also we have coach Egil Olsen — the football proffesor who after the Poland game spent 50 hours in front of his video player to analyze the match …
also we have coach egil olsen — the football proffesor who after the poland game spent 50 hours in front of his video player to [examine] the match …

Just as contemporary workers use operational information as the foundation for paper-based strategic and management reports , historians will want to have the opportunity to analyze the base data for themselves .
just as contemporary workers use operational information as the foundation for paper-based strategic and management reports , historians will want to have the opportunity to [examine] the base data for themselves .

They will wish to examine it in ways contemporary users do not need to and to analyze it in the context of other datasets .
they will wish to examine it in ways contemporary users do not need to and to [examine] it in the context of other datasets .

Politicians analyze their support in class terms , and sociologists would be lost without it .
politicians [examine] their support in class terms , and sociologists would be lost without it .

Even if ‘ non market ’ legal topics , where no economic root is discernable , can not be analyzed by applying law and economics ( there being heated debate among distinguished scholars as to whether such analysis is ultimately valid ) , the interdisciplinary use of economics and law to analyze a legal problem with an economic foundation is a more soundly based proposition .
even if ‘ non market ’ legal topics , where no economic root is discernable , can not be analyzed by applying law and economics ( there being heated debate among distinguished scholars as to whether such analysis is ultimately valid ) , the interdisciplinary use of economics and law to [examine] a legal problem with an economic foundation is a more soundly based proposition .

The economist is , by and large , concerned with the overall picture , preferring to analyze the inter-relationship between the main actors in his area of study .
the economist is , by and large , concerned with the overall picture , preferring to [examine] the inter-relationship between the main actors in his area of study .

It is made none the easier by the differences in approach used to analyze the nature of the problem .
it is made none the easier by the differences in approach used to [examine] the nature of the problem .

ii An Australian study has attempted to analyze the bodyrelated attitudes of female current , ex , and never-smokers by using a questionnaire that assesses a wide range of attitudes towards the body .
ii an australian study has attempted to [examine] the bodyrelated attitudes of female current , ex , and never-smokers by using a questionnaire that assesses a wide range of attitudes towards the body .

The proponents of the transnational relations approach have a tendency to analyze interactions within systems rather than effects of practices and , though they claim to be transcending the statecentric model , they more often than not permit the state to set the agenda for them .
the proponents of the transnational relations approach have a tendency to [examine] interactions within systems rather than effects of practices and , though they claim to be transcending the statecentric model , they more often than not permit the state to set the agenda for them .

However , the interest and acuity of these studies can not obscure the fact that the labour internationalism they set out to document and analyze has occurred only fleetingly .
however , the interest and acuity of these studies can not obscure the fact that the labour internationalism they set out to document and [examine] has occurred only fleetingly .

It is impossible to analyze food production in the Third World in isolation from the relationship between the sexual division of labour and the sources of economic power .
it is impossible to [examine] food production in the third world in isolation from the relationship between the sexual division of labour and the sources of economic power .

This project aims to document and analyze the social processes and policy issues inherent in this situation , with particular emphasis on the ways in which conservation concerns are interpreted by African societies at all levels .
this project aims to document and [examine] the social processes and policy issues inherent in this situation , with particular emphasis on the ways in which conservation concerns are interpreted by african societies at all levels .

It will focus on the social and political origins of the newly forming political and business elites in Eastern Europe with particular reference to Russia and will analyze their place in the system of political power .
it will focus on the social and political origins of the newly forming political and business elites in eastern europe with particular reference to russia and will [examine] their place in the system of political power .

The details of hot bands may be hard to analyze , but it is the formally forbidden transitions , due to overtones , combinations and differences , that cause most confusion .
the details of hot bands may be hard to [examine] , but it is the formally forbidden transitions , due to overtones , combinations and differences , that cause most confusion .

For the Formalists , then , the business of literary studies is to analyze the differences implied in the opposition between practical and poetic language , relying on the concept of defamiliarization to bring those differences into focus .
for the formalists , then , the business of literary studies is to [examine] the differences implied in the opposition between practical and poetic language , relying on the concept of defamiliarization to bring those differences into focus .

All they had to do was indicate the points in the text at which the language created an effect of surprise ; the task of the stylistician was then to analyze the contrast , between the linguistic structure of the device and that of its immediate context , that accounted for this effect of surprise .
all they had to do was indicate the points in the text at which the language created an effect of surprise ; the task of the stylistician was then to [examine] the contrast , between the linguistic structure of the device and that of its immediate context , that accounted for this effect of surprise .

As well as using the linguistic concepts of sign and system to analyze structures at various levels of a text , the structuralists returned to Saussure 's distinction between langue and parole in order to outline a whole new approach to literature .
as well as using the linguistic concepts of sign and system to [examine] structures at various levels of a text , the structuralists returned to saussure 's distinction between langue and parole in order to outline a whole new approach to literature .

Barthes draws on Benveniste 's distinction in order to analyze a level of narrative which Todorov ignores in his study : the ‘ narration ’ , that is to say , the manner in which the story is told .
barthes draws on benveniste 's distinction in order to [examine] a level of narrative which todorov ignores in his study : the ‘ narration ’ , that is to say , the manner in which the story is told .

It is interesting to analyze why individuals choose to make their careers in the Middle East .
it is interesting to [examine] why individuals choose to make their careers in the middle east .

When we analyze an event we try to break it down into forces , links and parts .
when we [examine] an event we try to break it down into forces , links and parts .

The project will enable members of the Department to analyze the practice of teaching within their own experience , thus encouraging individual development .
the project will enable members of the department to [examine] the practice of teaching within their own experience , thus encouraging individual development .

Modern art historians strive to analyze , interpret , and evaluate works of art by identifying their materials and techniques , makers , time and place of creation , and meaning or function .
modern art historians strive to [examine] , interpret , and evaluate works of art by identifying their materials and techniques , makers , time and place of creation , and meaning or function .

So how should a player analyze the game ?
so how should a player [examine] the game ?

The field desperately needs a data analysis program of its own to collect , analyze , evaluate , compare , discard , and synthesize data already available .
the field desperately needs a data analysis program of its own to collect , [examine] , evaluate , compare , discard , and synthesize data already available .

Once Sydney succeeds in using color , her father encourages further distancing from the most obvious features of the clown image.44 He places a piece incorrectly ( by matching only on color ) and queries , “ Will that work ? ” In doing so , he helps Sydney analyze an error , consider how to correct it ( by matching on both color and shape ) , and try out her conjecture .
once sydney succeeds in using color , her father encourages further distancing from the most obvious features of the clown image.44 he places a piece incorrectly ( by matching only on color ) and queries , “ will that work ? ” in doing so , he helps sydney [examine] an error , consider how to correct it ( by matching on both color and shape ) , and try out her conjecture .

Chapters 3 through 5 analyze developments in the retail sector .
chapters 3 through 5 [examine] developments in the retail sector .

Before discussing how one might analyze the trends in historical data , it is important to recognize three often overlooked aspects of demand forecasting .
before discussing how one might [examine] the trends in historical data , it is important to recognize three often overlooked aspects of demand forecasting .

She will first analyze the historical data by separating the causes of past changes in demand into the following categories : ( 1 ) trend , ( 2 ) seasonality , ( 3 ) cyclicality , and ( 4 ) random fluctuation .
she will first [examine] the historical data by separating the causes of past changes in demand into the following categories : ( 1 ) trend , ( 2 ) seasonality , ( 3 ) cyclicality , and ( 4 ) random fluctuation .

Some philosophers have tried to analyze human equality by searching for some single factor by virtue of which we are equal .
some philosophers have tried to [examine] human equality by searching for some single factor by virtue of which we are equal .

Seeing my opportunity I replied , “ You have a good genetics library , want to read a bunch of papers and analyze the transcription rules of genes with three or four or five known regulatory inputs ? ”
seeing my opportunity i replied , “ you have a good genetics library , want to read a bunch of papers and [examine] the transcription rules of genes with three or four or five known regulatory inputs ? ”

He accepted city officials ' invitations to analyze and comment on a low-income housing ordinance in Pasadena along with other housing advocates .
he accepted city officials ' invitations to [examine] and comment on a low-income housing ordinance in pasadena along with other housing advocates .

Grants Help Optimize Nonprofits ' Ability to Aid Community Programs Deborah M Clubb Saturday , October 26 , 2002 Memphis Area Legal Services and six other nonprofit groups will share more than $ 124,000 to help them operate , analyze and plan for growth and survival , thanks to a new focus by the Community Foundation of Greater Memphis .
grants help optimize nonprofits ' ability to aid community programs deborah m clubb saturday , october 26 , 2002 memphis area legal services and six other nonprofit groups will share more than $ 124,000 to help them operate , [examine] and plan for growth and survival , thanks to a new focus by the community foundation of greater memphis .

Researchers must continue to analyze the performance of structured questionnaires and try computer-based screening tools in the ED .
researchers must continue to [examine] the performance of structured questionnaires and try computer-based screening tools in the ed .

Although GAO has not had time to thoroughly analyze the strategy yet , we previously suggested that certain key elements be incorporated in the homeland security strategy.4 We have indicated that a national homeland security strategy should : 1 ) clearly define and establish the need for homeland security and its operational components , 2 ) clarify the appropriate roles and responsibilities of federal , state , and local entities and build a framework for partnerships for coordination , communication , and collaboration , and 3 ) create specific expectations for performance and accountability , including establishing goals and performance indicators .
although gao has not had time to thoroughly [examine] the strategy yet , we previously suggested that certain key elements be incorporated in the homeland security strategy.4 we have indicated that a national homeland security strategy should : 1 ) clearly define and establish the need for homeland security and its operational components , 2 ) clarify the appropriate roles and responsibilities of federal , state , and local entities and build a framework for partnerships for coordination , communication , and collaboration , and 3 ) create specific expectations for performance and accountability , including establishing goals and performance indicators .

Other learning experiences include course work , such as Elements of Product Cost , in which participants analyze and use cost element information to support decisionmaking related to improvement efforts , ensuring that resources are applied to those activities that return the greatest benefits and provide the highest value to customers .
other learning experiences include course work , such as elements of product cost , in which participants [examine] and use cost element information to support decisionmaking related to improvement efforts , ensuring that resources are applied to those activities that return the greatest benefits and provide the highest value to customers .

For example , many agency financial and management information systems do not routinely provide adequate , timely cost or performance information needed to manage cost , measure performance , make program funding decisions , and analyze outsourcing or privatization options .
for example , many agency financial and management information systems do not routinely provide adequate , timely cost or performance information needed to manage cost , measure performance , make program funding decisions , and [examine] outsourcing or privatization options .

One commenter expressed concern that the Commission would extend the requirement for an open access same-time information system ( OASIS ) to nonpublic , not-for-profit cooperative utilities and stated that the Commission would then be required to analyze the requirement 's effect on those utilities .
one commenter expressed concern that the commission would extend the requirement for an open access same-time information system ( oasis ) to nonpublic , not-for-profit cooperative utilities and stated that the commission would then be required to [examine] the requirement 's effect on those utilities .

While data sharing gives an organization the means to compare data from different sources , data mining offers a tool to review and analyze diverse data .
while data sharing gives an organization the means to compare data from different sources , data mining offers a tool to review and [examine] diverse data .

This technique allows personnel who are not computer specialists , but who may have useful program or financial expertise , to directly access data , target queries , and analyze results .
this technique allows personnel who are not computer specialists , but who may have useful program or financial expertise , to directly access data , target queries , and [examine] results .

IDPA officials noted that using data mining allows them to analyze large amounts of data .
idpa officials noted that using data mining allows them to [examine] large amounts of data .

While traditionally used as a technique to identify improper payments already made , organizations have also experienced success in using recovery auditing to analyze records prior to payment .
while traditionally used as a technique to identify improper payments already made , organizations have also experienced success in using recovery auditing to [examine] records prior to payment .

Some entities use their employees to analyze their payment records while others contract with recovery audit firms for the work .
some entities use their employees to [examine] their payment records while others contract with recovery audit firms for the work .

While , at first , most practitioners did not realize that HIC was able to accumulate and analyze this information , the program has now become both an effective deterrent and a desired source of information for the practitioners .
while , at first , most practitioners did not realize that hic was able to accumulate and [examine] this information , the program has now become both an effective deterrent and a desired source of information for the practitioners .

To improve customer service , employees may need new skills , such as the ability to analyze and improve work processes or the ability to work effectively together on teams .
to improve customer service , employees may need new skills , such as the ability to [examine] and improve work processes or the ability to work effectively together on teams .

Then , they analyze the effects of such impacts on business operations and broadly categorize the risks as major or minor .
then , they [examine] the effects of such impacts on business operations and broadly categorize the risks as major or minor .

ECONOMETRIC MODEL -An equation or a set of related equations used to analyze economic data through mathematical and statistical techniques .
econometric model -an equation or a set of related equations used to [examine] economic data through mathematical and statistical techniques .

VHA recognizes that its ability to survive growing market pressures , answer criticisms of health care quality , and sustain and improve services to an aging veteran population depends on its ability to analyze data to pinpoint areas needing change and improvement .
vha recognizes that its ability to survive growing market pressures , answer criticisms of health care quality , and sustain and improve services to an aging veteran population depends on its ability to [examine] data to pinpoint areas needing change and improvement .

Moreover , it is virtually impossible to analyze the documentation.15 We can not do a meaningful review without an explanation of the nature and purposes of these costs and the appropriation that was charged .
moreover , it is virtually impossible to [examine] the documentation.15 we can not do a meaningful review without an explanation of the nature and purposes of these costs and the appropriation that was charged .

The plan should include ( 1 ) a definition of the universe of invoices to be examined , ( 2 ) the size and selection method of the sample based on the risks of the invoice processing system , ( 3 ) procedures to analyze the results of the sample , and ( 4 ) methods to document the plan and the analysis .
the plan should include ( 1 ) a definition of the universe of invoices to be examined , ( 2 ) the size and selection method of the sample based on the risks of the invoice processing system , ( 3 ) procedures to [examine] the results of the sample , and ( 4 ) methods to document the plan and the analysis .

We believe the agency should analyze the costs and benefits of going to a flatrate basis for lodging before a decision is made to implement it .
we believe the agency should [examine] the costs and benefits of going to a flatrate basis for lodging before a decision is made to implement it .

In general , reliability growth is the result of an iterative design , build , test , analyze , and fix process .
in general , reliability growth is the result of an iterative design , build , test , [examine] , and fix process .

Then , they analyze the effects of such impacts on business operations and broadly categorize the risks as major or minor .
then , they [examine] the effects of such impacts on business operations and broadly categorize the risks as major or minor .

While the rest of the membership reviewed and commented on the query , the organization 's experts continued to analyze the problem , eventually providing its final analysis , which could include a threat rating and potential solutions to the entire membership .
while the rest of the membership reviewed and commented on the query , the organization 's experts continued to [examine] the problem , eventually providing its final analysis , which could include a threat rating and potential solutions to the entire membership .

In addition , one of the organizations used contractors to maintain its communications mechanisms and analyze reported incidents .
in addition , one of the organizations used contractors to maintain its communications mechanisms and [examine] reported incidents .

The comment period was to close on May 22 , 1995 , but was extended until July 19 , 1995 , because additional time was necessary to gather and analyze data relating to the rule .
the comment period was to close on may 22 , 1995 , but was extended until july 19 , 1995 , because additional time was necessary to gather and [examine] data relating to the rule .

Managers also need to compare actual performance to planned or expected results throughout the organization and analyze significant differences .
managers also need to compare actual performance to planned or expected results throughout the organization and [examine] significant differences .

Although research has been done by the Construction Industry Institute and other organizations to identify metrics that may be used to measure both the efficiency and the effectiveness of each phase of the facility acquisition process , the extent to which individual federal agencies measure design review processes and analyze results is highly variable .
although research has been done by the construction industry institute and other organizations to identify metrics that may be used to measure both the efficiency and the effectiveness of each phase of the facility acquisition process , the extent to which individual federal agencies measure design review processes and [examine] results is highly variable .

The extent to which individual federal agencies currently take such measurements and analyze results varies widely .
the extent to which individual federal agencies currently take such measurements and [examine] results varies widely .

In most methods , we plan for data collection , then we collect the information , then we analyze it , and then we write the report .
in most methods , we plan for data collection , then we collect the information , then we [examine] it , and then we write the report .

To analyze the effect of fiscal policy on saving and growth , we modified the original model to include a set of relationships that describe the federal budget and its links to the economy , using the framework of the National Income and Product Accounts ( NIPA ) .
to [examine] the effect of fiscal policy on saving and growth , we modified the original model to include a set of relationships that describe the federal budget and its links to the economy , using the framework of the national income and product accounts ( nipa ) .

To properly collect and analyze information , leading organizations develop measurement systems that provide insight into their IT service delivery and business processes .
to properly collect and [examine] information , leading organizations develop measurement systems that provide insight into their it service delivery and business processes .

Program Letter 1998-1 , published on February 12 , 1998 , called upon all LSC recipients to analyze any progress made toward the development of the legal services model envisioned by state planners .
program letter 1998-1 , published on february 12 , 1998 , called upon all lsc recipients to [examine] any progress made toward the development of the legal services model envisioned by state planners .

Screening them required seven review sessions with outside panels , internal review sessions , and special sessions with OPP staff to analyze how the applications affected program quality and state planning concerns .
screening them required seven review sessions with outside panels , internal review sessions , and special sessions with opp staff to [examine] how the applications affected program quality and state planning concerns .

Although we collected data on matters work undertaken during the last six months of 2001 , we were not able to analyze and report on them to the LSC Board and on our website until 2002 .
although we collected data on matters work undertaken during the last six months of 2001 , we were not able to [examine] and report on them to the lsc board and on our website until 2002 .

By 2001 , LSC will require grantees to provide information that allows LSC to comparatively analyze the cost per case among similarly situated programs and similar types of services , i.e. , brief advice and referral .
by 2001 , lsc will require grantees to provide information that allows lsc to comparatively [examine] the cost per case among similarly situated programs and similar types of services , i.e. , brief advice and referral .

Description of the Integrated Planning Model ( IPM ) Analytical Framework of IPM • EPA uses the Integrated Planning Model ( IPM ) to analyze the projected impact of environmental policies on the electric power sector in the 48 contiguous states and the District of Columbia .
description of the integrated planning model ( ipm ) analytical framework of ipm • epa uses the integrated planning model ( ipm ) to [examine] the projected impact of environmental policies on the electric power sector in the 48 contiguous states and the district of columbia .

The modular design and economy-wide coverage of the AMIGA model makes it a logical choice to analyze alternative technology scenarios .
the modular design and economy-wide coverage of the amiga model makes it a logical choice to [examine] alternative technology scenarios .

Technology Scenarios In the letter to Administrator Whitman , Senators Jeffords and Lieberman asked for an analysis of four different scenarios , requesting that EPA `` analyze the cost and benefits , including all sectors of the economy and impacts on both the supply and demand side of the equation , of the following multi-pollutant emission control scenarios for the nation 's electricity generators .
technology scenarios in the letter to administrator whitman , senators jeffords and lieberman asked for an analysis of four different scenarios , requesting that epa `` [examine] the cost and benefits , including all sectors of the economy and impacts on both the supply and demand side of the equation , of the following multi-pollutant emission control scenarios for the nation 's electricity generators .

For the purpose of our analysis , we analyze changes for the six most economically significant crops for which C-R functions are available : corn , cotton , peanuts , sorghum , soybean , and winter wheat.18 For some crops there are multiple C-R functions , some more sensitive to ozone and some less .
for the purpose of our analysis , we [examine] changes for the six most economically significant crops for which c-r functions are available : corn , cotton , peanuts , sorghum , soybean , and winter wheat.18 for some crops there are multiple c-r functions , some more sensitive to ozone and some less .

In this effort , we would anticipate focusing on the most significant postal destinations among the DCs rather than trying to analyze each and every destinating DC .
in this effort , we would anticipate focusing on the most significant postal destinations among the dcs rather than trying to [examine] each and every destinating dc .

This belief is based primarily on the perception of a cost differential between rural and city delivery.1 This perception is one of the bases for the argument that a universal service requirement is necessary to assure the continuation of rural delivery or at least the level of service currently accorded rural areas.2 The purpose of this paper is to analyze rural delivery costs and compare them with city delivery costs .
this belief is based primarily on the perception of a cost differential between rural and city delivery.1 this perception is one of the bases for the argument that a universal service requirement is necessary to assure the continuation of rural delivery or at least the level of service currently accorded rural areas.2 the purpose of this paper is to [examine] rural delivery costs and compare them with city delivery costs .

Comparison Of Business Residential Routes We do not analyze cream skimming on business routes because only 7 percent of mail volume delivered on them is carrier route as compared to 26 percent on residential routes .
comparison of business residential routes we do not [examine] cream skimming on business routes because only 7 percent of mail volume delivered on them is carrier route as compared to 26 percent on residential routes .

However , when we analyze the per-household volume figures , we have to remember that , for the purpose of developing those figures , we made the aforementioned assumption about the relationship of mail volume and number of households and this assumption may not hold true for some or all sectors ( or uses ) and for some or all years in Tables 1 , 2 and 3 .
however , when we [examine] the per-household volume figures , we have to remember that , for the purpose of developing those figures , we made the aforementioned assumption about the relationship of mail volume and number of households and this assumption may not hold true for some or all sectors ( or uses ) and for some or all years in tables 1 , 2 and 3 .

Nonetheless , broader lessons in integrating multiagency response efforts are apparent when we analyze the response at the Pentagon .
nonetheless , broader lessons in integrating multiagency response efforts are apparent when we [examine] the response at the pentagon .

FAA report , Transportation Security Intelligence ICF Report 980162 , undated ; but see FAA/TSA rebuttal to the Joint Inquiry 's Sept. 18 , 2002 , staff statement , undated , p. 1 ( stating that the FAA did not formally analyze this threat ) .
faa report , transportation security intelligence icf report 980162 , undated ; but see faa/tsa rebuttal to the joint inquiry 's sept. 18 , 2002 , staff statement , undated , p. 1 ( stating that the faa did not formally [examine] this threat ) .

Moreover , analysts had difficulty getting access to the FBI and intelligence community information they were expected to analyze .
moreover , analysts had difficulty getting access to the fbi and intelligence community information they were expected to [examine] .

The State Department retained primacy until the 1960s , when the Kennedy and Johnson administrations turned instead to Robert McNamara 's Defense Department , where a mini-state department was created to analyze foreign policy issues .
the state department retained primacy until the 1960s , when the kennedy and johnson administrations turned instead to robert mcnamara 's defense department , where a mini-state department was created to [examine] foreign policy issues .

In 1996 , the CIA set up a special unit of a dozen officers to analyze intelligence on and plan operations against Bin Ladin .
in 1996 , the cia set up a special unit of a dozen officers to [examine] intelligence on and plan operations against bin ladin .

The NCTC should draw on joint intelligence resources , including its own NSA counterterrorism experts , to analyze the identities and possible destinations of these individuals .
the nctc should draw on joint intelligence resources , including its own nsa counterterrorism experts , to [examine] the identities and possible destinations of these individuals .

FBI employees need to report and analyze what they have learned in ways the Bureau has never done before .
fbi employees need to report and [examine] what they have learned in ways the bureau has never done before .

The directorate has not yet developed the capacity to perform one of its assigned jobs , which is to assimilate and analyze information from Homeland Security 's own component agencies , such as the Coast Guard , Secret Service , Transportation Security Administration , Immigration and Customs Enforcement , and Customs and Border Protection .
the directorate has not yet developed the capacity to perform one of its assigned jobs , which is to assimilate and [examine] information from homeland security 's own component agencies , such as the coast guard , secret service , transportation security administration , immigration and customs enforcement , and customs and border protection .

As discussed in chapter 6 , U.S. intelligence would analyze communications associated with Mihdhar , whom they identified during this travel , and Hazmi , whom they could have identified but did not .
as discussed in chapter 6 , u.s. intelligence would [examine] communications associated with mihdhar , whom they identified during this travel , and hazmi , whom they could have identified but did not .

The CTC did not analyze how an aircraft , hijacked or explosivesladen , might be used as a weapon .
the ctc did not [examine] how an aircraft , hijacked or explosivesladen , might be used as a weapon .

They were not employed to analyze the enemy that , as the twentieth century closed , was most likely to launch a surprise attack directly against the United States .
they were not employed to [examine] the enemy that , as the twentieth century closed , was most likely to launch a surprise attack directly against the united states .

Our report shows that the terrorists analyze defenses .
our report shows that the terrorists [examine] defenses .

Acquiring information held by foreign governments may require painstaking negotiations , and records that are not yet digitized are difficult to search or analyze .
acquiring information held by foreign governments may require painstaking negotiations , and records that are not yet digitized are difficult to search or [examine] .

We chose instead to analyze the last 30 d of data , adding one day and removing another for each daily analysis .
we chose instead to [examine] the last 30 d of data , adding one day and removing another for each daily analysis .

GAPDH expression was used to normalize input template cDNA to analyze relative gene expression .
gapdh expression was used to normalize input template cdna to [examine] relative gene expression .

The perceptual “ cyclops within us ” was proposed to analyze the visual world first , before the motion , color , and contrast systems began their perceptual operations .
the perceptual “ cyclops within us ” was proposed to [examine] the visual world first , before the motion , color , and contrast systems began their perceptual operations .

Coyne and Orr and Gavrilets analyze a new world of speciation studies .
coyne and orr and gavrilets [examine] a new world of speciation studies .

After some modest training , such a tool should allow a variety of health-care workers in remote areas to accurately analyze the CD4 + status of HIV-infected patients ( the basis for treatment decisions ) locally .
after some modest training , such a tool should allow a variety of health-care workers in remote areas to accurately [examine] the cd4 + status of hiv-infected patients ( the basis for treatment decisions ) locally .

We analyze this case , in which 27 HCFs are utilized in the ARV rollout , and we also analyze how optimal ARV allocation would change if all 54 hospitals in KwaZulu–Natal were operational for the rollout of ARVs .
we [examine] this case , in which 27 hcfs are utilized in the arv rollout , and we also [examine] how optimal arv allocation would change if all 54 hospitals in kwazulu–natal were operational for the rollout of arvs .

Theory helps researchers organize facts , identify missing information , design surveillance , and analyze data [ 26 ] .
theory helps researchers organize facts , identify missing information , design surveillance , and [examine] data [ 26 ] .

Furthermore , it has been challenging to quickly and accurately analyze large datasets generated by LMRI .
furthermore , it has been challenging to quickly and accurately [examine] large datasets generated by lmri .

As a proof-of-principle , we implemented approaches to identify , segment , analyze , and display nodal information .
as a proof-of-principle , we implemented approaches to identify , segment , [examine] , and display nodal information .

Chemokine Receptor Genotyping In order to analyze the chemokine receptor ( CCR ) 5Δ32 deletion polymorphism , the region spanning the 32-nt deletion was amplified by PCR , and the two alleles were separated by gel electrophoresis [ 15 ] .
chemokine receptor genotyping in order to [examine] the chemokine receptor ( ccr ) 5δ32 deletion polymorphism , the region spanning the 32-nt deletion was amplified by pcr , and the two alleles were separated by gel electrophoresis [ 15 ] .

For this reason , we chose to analyze age trends only in serotype 14 antibodies .
for this reason , we chose to [examine] age trends only in serotype 14 antibodies .

To analyze and compare T cell responses in melanoma patients on a single-cell level , we generated and examined a large number of cytotoxic T lymphocyte ( CTL ) clones derived from post-vaccination or endogenous anti-tumor T cell responses .
to [examine] and compare t cell responses in melanoma patients on a single-cell level , we generated and examined a large number of cytotoxic t lymphocyte ( ctl ) clones derived from post-vaccination or endogenous anti-tumor t cell responses .

Working with several colleagues , I initiated an observational study to analyze the ways in which E-patients were using this new medium .
working with several colleagues , i initiated an observational study to [examine] the ways in which e-patients were using this new medium .

Some algorithms are used to analyze data , others to analyze models .
some algorithms are used to [examine] data , others to [examine] models .

Theories and models , including the theories of pure mathematics , are used to analyze both data and ideas .
theories and models , including the theories of pure mathematics , are used to [examine] both data and ideas .

On space missions already being planned , we may have the opportunity to analyze the remains of alien organics on the surface of Europa or frozen below ground on Mars .
on space missions already being planned , we may have the opportunity to [examine] the remains of alien organics on the surface of europa or frozen below ground on mars .

Since November 2003 , the space–time permutation scan statistic has been used daily to analyze emergency department data in New York City in parallel with other methods , and it seems to perform well .
since november 2003 , the space–time permutation scan statistic has been used daily to [examine] emergency department data in new york city in parallel with other methods , and it seems to perform well .

A large group of scientists from all over the world has developed a framework to analyze these data .
a large group of scientists from all over the world has developed a framework to [examine] these data .

Indeed , studies that analyze affected tissues ( mostly in cancer ) clearly show that it is possible to predict prognosis , to identify new classes of diseases , and potentially to determine response to therapy [ 6,7,8 ] .
indeed , studies that [examine] affected tissues ( mostly in cancer ) clearly show that it is possible to predict prognosis , to identify new classes of diseases , and potentially to determine response to therapy [ 6,7,8 ] .

Despite these limitations , several groups used microarrays to analyze brain tissues obtained posthumously from patients who had MS and identified genes that characterized either acute or chronic lesions [ 9,10,11 ] .
despite these limitations , several groups used microarrays to [examine] brain tissues obtained posthumously from patients who had ms and identified genes that characterized either acute or chronic lesions [ 9,10,11 ] .

Today , plant breeders can analyze populations derived from wide crosses using molecular markers to determine which portions of the chromosomes are associated with the transgressive variation of interest .
today , plant breeders can [examine] populations derived from wide crosses using molecular markers to determine which portions of the chromosomes are associated with the transgressive variation of interest .

Because of the parallel processing of receptor information from the cochlea , we can hear mixtures of different frequencies , and analyze their components accurately , unless mixtures are very complex .
because of the parallel processing of receptor information from the cochlea , we can hear mixtures of different frequencies , and [examine] their components accurately , unless mixtures are very complex .

A single receptor can not analyze the wavelength of the light it receives : it simply acts as a quantum counter , but the information about the wavelength identity of the quantum is lost on absorption .
a single receptor can not [examine] the wavelength of the light it receives : it simply acts as a quantum counter , but the information about the wavelength identity of the quantum is lost on absorption .

For example , for my genomics class in Fall 2003 , I used a paper published in PLoS Biology that utilized DNA microarrays to analyze the life cycle of malaria-causing Plasmodium ( Bozdech et al .
for example , for my genomics class in fall 2003 , i used a paper published in plos biology that utilized dna microarrays to [examine] the life cycle of malaria-causing plasmodium ( bozdech et al .

By choosing the most current literature as testing material , my students realize that I read the literature to stay current in my field and that there are always new opportunities to learn , analyze , and design experiments , etc .
by choosing the most current literature as testing material , my students realize that i read the literature to stay current in my field and that there are always new opportunities to learn , [examine] , and design experiments , etc .

In this theoretical paper the authors analyze the epidemic in sub-Saharan Africa ( where three-fourths of deaths from AIDS occur ) .
in this theoretical paper the authors [examine] the epidemic in sub-saharan africa ( where three-fourths of deaths from aids occur ) .

To analyze the outcome of the simulated repeated low-dose challenge experiments , we chose to use Fisher 's exact test rather than a more obvious Cox proportional hazards model because the latter depends on large sample asymptotics while we were interested in cases of small numbers of experimental animals .
to [examine] the outcome of the simulated repeated low-dose challenge experiments , we chose to use fisher 's exact test rather than a more obvious cox proportional hazards model because the latter depends on large sample asymptotics while we were interested in cases of small numbers of experimental animals .

However , these methods are based on large sample asymptotics , and exact methods will have to be developed to analyze the outcome of low-dose challenge experiments that involve small numbers of animals .
however , these methods are based on large sample asymptotics , and exact methods will have to be developed to [examine] the outcome of low-dose challenge experiments that involve small numbers of animals .

Just do n't expect it to add to their ability to analyze the activity they 're so obsessively devoted to .
just do n't expect it to add to their ability to [examine] the activity they 're so obsessively devoted to .

While an encrypted document gives a code breaker something to analyze , an empty password prompt is simply empty .
while an encrypted document gives a code breaker something to [examine] , an empty password prompt is simply empty .

That 's good for safety , but rotten for functionality if you 're trying to write a program to help people analyze their personal finances .
that 's good for safety , but rotten for functionality if you 're trying to write a program to help people [examine] their personal finances .

There are fewer similarities than this rush to analyze and spin realizes .
there are fewer similarities than this rush to [examine] and spin realizes .

How could you sit down and analyze the thing and fail to notice it ?
how could you sit down and [examine] the thing and fail to notice it ?

The Enquirer also calls in the services of forensic psychiatrist Dr. Judianne Densen-Gerber to analyze the meaning of the dress .
the enquirer also calls in the services of forensic psychiatrist dr. judianne densen-gerber to [examine] the meaning of the dress .

Both Time and Newsweek analyze the Constitution 's section on impeachment , focusing on the ambiguous phrase `` high crimes and misdemeanors . ''
both time and newsweek [examine] the constitution 's section on impeachment , focusing on the ambiguous phrase `` high crimes and misdemeanors . ''

Three articles analyze America 's political apathy .
three articles [examine] america 's political apathy .

Our man William Saletan will compute and analyze changes in the pundits index .
our man william saletan will compute and [examine] changes in the pundits index .

Each column will analyze the pay of one or more top executives who are of interest for being paid too much or ( occasionally ) too little .
each column will [examine] the pay of one or more top executives who are of interest for being paid too much or ( occasionally ) too little .

To address this critical gap , we inaugurate an occasional column called `` Plot Holes '' ( to be posted Tuesdays or Wednesdays ) , which will analyze movies exclusively from the perspective of narrative logic .
to address this critical gap , we inaugurate an occasional column called `` plot holes '' ( to be posted tuesdays or wednesdays ) , which will [examine] movies exclusively from the perspective of narrative logic .

One of the stories he includes is how Israel 's Yediot newspaper recently went to Moscow and bought Russian spy satellite photographs of new Scud missile bases in Syria , and then hired a private U.S. expert on satellite photos to analyze the pictures .
one of the stories he includes is how israel 's yediot newspaper recently went to moscow and bought russian spy satellite photographs of new scud missile bases in syria , and then hired a private u.s. expert on satellite photos to [examine] the pictures .

During the 1980s , Cornwell worked in a coroner 's office , and now she specializes in clinical descriptions of autopsies , explaining in graphic detail how to analyze the vaginal swab of a raped corpse or how to test skin ripped off a tortured child 's buttock .
during the 1980s , cornwell worked in a coroner 's office , and now she specializes in clinical descriptions of autopsies , explaining in graphic detail how to [examine] the vaginal swab of a raped corpse or how to test skin ripped off a tortured child 's buttock .

Cultural studies scholars are assembling an anthology tentatively titled The Martha Stewart Collection that will analyze the `` image and rhetoric '' of the world 's most famous homemaker .
cultural studies scholars are assembling an anthology tentatively titled the martha stewart collection that will [examine] the `` image and rhetoric '' of the world 's most famous homemaker .

Both magazines analyze the budget deal .
both magazines [examine] the budget deal .

I had also hoped that a biographer of Chambers would analyze the historical controversies over the Cold War to which Chambers ' views are central .
i had also hoped that a biographer of chambers would [examine] the historical controversies over the cold war to which chambers ' views are central .

There 's not enough room on Slate 's server to fully analyze Toobin 's possible psychological motives for indulging in the ridiculous innuendoes of A Vast Conspiracy .
there 's not enough room on slate 's server to fully [examine] toobin 's possible psychological motives for indulging in the ridiculous innuendoes of a vast conspiracy .

After all , quoth the shrink , `` I saw Analyze This ! ''
after all , quoth the shrink , `` i saw [examine] this ! ''

What Chase evidently realized ( and what Coppola did n't , Clemenza aside ) is that real-life mobsters can be quite funny -- self-consciously funny -- in a non slapsticky , non- Analyze This , sort of way .
what chase evidently realized ( and what coppola did n't , clemenza aside ) is that real-life mobsters can be quite funny -- self-consciously funny -- in a non slapsticky , non- [examine] this , sort of way .

The comedies , such as Prizzi 's Honor and Analyze This , are meant to cut through the globby schmaltz of mob drama by showing us wise guys as goofballs .
the comedies , such as prizzi 's honor and [examine] this , are meant to cut through the globby schmaltz of mob drama by showing us wise guys as goofballs .

You 've seen this scene a million times before ( especially in Analyze This ) , but it never goes on so long , or with so many sudden changes in mood .
you 've seen this scene a million times before ( especially in [examine] this ) , but it never goes on so long , or with so many sudden changes in mood .

The agency had planned to relinquish the probe to the FBI for a criminal investigation into whether co-pilot Gamil al-Batouti intentionally downed the aircraft , but the Egyptian government requested more time to analyze the flight data and cockpit voice recordings .
the agency had planned to relinquish the probe to the fbi for a criminal investigation into whether co-pilot gamil al-batouti intentionally downed the aircraft , but the egyptian government requested more time to [examine] the flight data and cockpit voice recordings .

The NTSB had planned to relinquish the probe to the FBI for a criminal investigation into whether Batouti intentionally downed the aircraft , but the Egyptian government requested more time to analyze the recordings .
the ntsb had planned to relinquish the probe to the fbi for a criminal investigation into whether batouti intentionally downed the aircraft , but the egyptian government requested more time to [examine] the recordings .

I 'm not sure how to apply competitive-market theory to Whitewater , but fortunately there is no lack of additional scandals to analyze .
i 'm not sure how to apply competitive-market theory to whitewater , but fortunately there is no lack of additional scandals to [examine] .

It 's one thing to analyze a phenomenon and another thing to encourage it .
it 's one thing to [examine] a phenomenon and another thing to encourage it .

The late John Belushi , for instance , is said to have `` specifically encouraged '' De Niro to star in Analyze This , while the trio of Lenny Bruce , John Huston , and lyricist Alan Jay Lerner have all been trying to tell the Oscar winner to `` make more comedies and musicals . ''
the late john belushi , for instance , is said to have `` specifically encouraged '' de niro to star in [examine] this , while the trio of lenny bruce , john huston , and lyricist alan jay lerner have all been trying to tell the oscar winner to `` make more comedies and musicals . ''

I 'm meant to analyze each question and extract a general ethical principle , a rule -- i.e. , to apply the skills of the lawyer .
i 'm meant to [examine] each question and extract a general ethical principle , a rule -- i.e. , to apply the skills of the lawyer .

The comedy Analyze This requires little analysis : It plays like a slapstick fever dream .
the comedy [examine] this requires little analysis : it plays like a slapstick fever dream .

Freud , of course , is hardly touchy-feely , but Analyze This is funny enough to be forgiven its muddling of therapeutic modes .
freud , of course , is hardly touchy-feely , but [examine] this is funny enough to be forgiven its muddling of therapeutic modes .

For all its comic exaggeration ( almost no gangster or Freudian cliché is left unparodied ) , Analyze This ends up affirming the efficacy of psychoanalysis more than any picture since Spellbound ( 1945 ) .
for all its comic exaggeration ( almost no gangster or freudian cliché is left unparodied ) , [examine] this ends up affirming the efficacy of psychoanalysis more than any picture since spellbound ( 1945 ) .

His Vitti in Analyze This has the dodgiest gastrointestinal tract of all .
his vitti in [examine] this has the dodgiest gastrointestinal tract of all .

It 's a testament to the hilarity of Analyze This that it 's going to survive comparisons to The Sopranos , the rich and exuberantly tragicomic HBO series .
it 's a testament to the hilarity of [examine] this that it 's going to survive comparisons to the sopranos , the rich and exuberantly tragicomic hbo series .

Analyze This is a hoot , but The Sopranos really sings .
[examine] this is a hoot , but the sopranos really sings .

Analyze This ( Warner Bros. ) .
[examine] this ( warner bros. ) .

He has made pointed comparisons to other Webzines that are allegedly content to sit on their fannies and analyze or summarize .
he has made pointed comparisons to other webzines that are allegedly content to sit on their fannies and [examine] or summarize .

It was getting absurd for reporters to analyze developments at City Hall without referring to a romantic attachment they believed to be a key force in events .
it was getting absurd for reporters to [examine] developments at city hall without referring to a romantic attachment they believed to be a key force in events .

Susan Estrich asserts that Brill 's big scoop is no big deal , while around her we analyze it in detail ( scroll past David Brooks ' posting to read hers ) .
susan estrich asserts that brill 's big scoop is no big deal , while around her we [examine] it in detail ( scroll past david brooks ' posting to read hers ) .

Herrnstein and Murray begin their discussion of the National Longitudinal Study of Youth data by announcing that they are n't going to analyze the effect of education , because education is too much a result of IQ .
herrnstein and murray begin their discussion of the national longitudinal study of youth data by announcing that they are n't going to [examine] the effect of education , because education is too much a result of iq .

It remains to see just which 20,000 sayings Wilkinson has chosen to analyze and record .
it remains to see just which 20,000 sayings wilkinson has chosen to [examine] and record .

Wiltshire makes full use of Johnson 's own writing , especially the essays in The Rambler and The Idler , to analyze Johnson 's frequent , almost habitual use of medical ideas as metaphors .
wiltshire makes full use of johnson 's own writing , especially the essays in the rambler and the idler , to [examine] johnson 's frequent , almost habitual use of medical ideas as metaphors .

We can learn a lot about what is on people 's minds when we analyze jargon , but we can learn how they feel when we analyze slang .
we can learn a lot about what is on people 's minds when we [examine] jargon , but we can learn how they feel when we [examine] slang .

