It is idle to ask why we are no longer disturbed if somebody , professing the deepest piety , decides anew that it is of no importance whether or not Christ transformed the water into wine at eleven A.M. on the third of August , A.D. 32 .
it is idle to ask why we are no longer disturbed if somebody , professing the deepest piety , decides [again] that it is of no importance whether or not christ transformed the water into wine at eleven a.m. on the third of august , a.d. 32 .

Recently I was struck anew by the divergent approaches , when in the course of one afternoon and evening I listened to no fewer than ten different performances .
recently i was struck [again] by the divergent approaches , when in the course of one afternoon and evening i listened to no fewer than ten different performances .

Returning once again to the Schnabel reissue , I am beguiled anew by the magnificence of this pianist's musical penetration .
returning once again to the schnabel reissue , i am beguiled [again] by the magnificence of this pianist's musical penetration .

Strindberg's remedy for this condition was to tear down the old structures and build anew from the ground up .
strindberg's remedy for this condition was to tear down the old structures and build [again] from the ground up .

The Peace Corps , therefore , offers an opportunity to add a new dimension to our approach to the world -- an opportunity for the American people to think anew and start afresh in their participation in world development .
the peace corps , therefore , offers an opportunity to add a new dimension to our approach to the world -- an opportunity for the american people to think [again] and start afresh in their participation in world development .

But her beauty always surprised him anew .
but her beauty always surprised him [again] .

Yes , because of course you had all the equipment to shape it up anew
yes , because of course you had all the equipment to shape it up [again]

And tragedies anew
and tragedies [again]

For most gardeners the passing seasons each capture the imagination anew and also provide further inspiration and pleasure .
for most gardeners the passing seasons each capture the imagination [again] and also provide further inspiration and pleasure .

In Masailand such thoughts could be entertained without abandoning the imperial obligation to attempt improvement ; there DO-hood was constantly being born anew , the same irresistible force meeting the same immovable object .
in masailand such thoughts could be entertained without abandoning the imperial obligation to attempt improvement ; there do-hood was constantly being born [again] , the same irresistible force meeting the same immovable object .

It 's a fresh , young style you might use for your first home , or if you want to start anew in your lounge or bedroom .
it 's a fresh , young style you might use for your first home , or if you want to start [again] in your lounge or bedroom .

Five years later , the new albums represent neither an expansion nor a retreat but a hesitant reluctance to set out anew .
five years later , the new albums represent neither an expansion nor a retreat but a hesitant reluctance to set out [again] .

Economic recession has forced consumers to reassess the need to update their wardrobe every six months , while conservation awareness has begun to cause some clothes lovers to approach fashion anew .
economic recession has forced consumers to reassess the need to update their wardrobe every six months , while conservation awareness has begun to cause some clothes lovers to approach fashion [again] .

Sometimes she felt as if the antipathy between daughter and motherin-law had simply surfaced anew between daughter and mother .
sometimes she felt as if the antipathy between daughter and motherin-law had simply surfaced [again] between daughter and mother .

The dropping of his father 's christian name rocked Vologsky anew .
the dropping of his father 's christian name rocked vologsky [again] .

( The other poor law unions in the county , for example in Ampthill and Biggleswade , had to build anew . )
( the other poor law unions in the county , for example in ampthill and biggleswade , had to build [again] . )

When the children clattered , yelling , down the bus steps , their mothers regarded them with a mixture of disgust and pride , as if amazed anew each afternoon that they had managed to produce children of such spectacular offensiveness .
when the children clattered , yelling , down the bus steps , their mothers regarded them with a mixture of disgust and pride , as if amazed [again] each afternoon that they had managed to produce children of such spectacular offensiveness .

Jaq felt stunned anew .
jaq felt stunned [again] .

Obviously this is n't always the case with ex-offenders — even those who are like this tend to get branded by society , and so do n't get given a chance to start anew .
obviously this is n't always the case with ex-offenders — even those who are like this tend to get branded by society , and so do n't get given a chance to start [again] .

‘ Anew spirit is blowing in the churches .
‘ [again] spirit is blowing in the churches .

Unlike pop socio-biology , which appeals to the gene as the ultimate and fundamental causal factor in human evolution and behaviour , innate sociality supposes a predisposition in human beings towards the continual absorption of existing meanings and the creation of new meanings in local universes of thought that are constantly being discovered , destroyed , and negotiated anew in the process of social interaction .
unlike pop socio-biology , which appeals to the gene as the ultimate and fundamental causal factor in human evolution and behaviour , innate sociality supposes a predisposition in human beings towards the continual absorption of existing meanings and the creation of new meanings in local universes of thought that are constantly being discovered , destroyed , and negotiated [again] in the process of social interaction .

She had n't seen him for nearly three months and she was struck anew by his good looks .
she had n't seen him for nearly three months and she was struck [again] by his good looks .

The Butlins Empire has now had to market itself anew for the experienced package tourist ; a move from wooden chalets to brick-built country suites , from the Minehead Camp to Summerwest World .
the butlins empire has now had to market itself [again] for the experienced package tourist ; a move from wooden chalets to brick-built country suites , from the minehead camp to summerwest world .

When the latter were realigned or made anew they often met the earlier roads at a sharp angle on the parish boundaries .
when the latter were realigned or made [again] they often met the earlier roads at a sharp angle on the parish boundaries .

The third section offers a critical exploration of possible starting points for new strategies , not least by looking anew at some of the difficult and resilient questions about cultural identity and belongingness , about ethnicity and community , that were often glossed over or disavowed in the antiracist movement .
the third section offers a critical exploration of possible starting points for new strategies , not least by looking [again] at some of the difficult and resilient questions about cultural identity and belongingness , about ethnicity and community , that were often glossed over or disavowed in the antiracist movement .

The employers were told in no uncertain terms that `` when a favourable opportunity presented itself , he would `` submit his proposition anew `` .
the employers were told in no uncertain terms that `` when a favourable opportunity presented itself , he would `` submit his proposition [again] `` .

He wondered anew that the great and glorious power of life could flow so fiercely and endlessly through such a shrivelled and unbeautiful fountainhead .
he wondered [again] that the great and glorious power of life could flow so fiercely and endlessly through such a shrivelled and unbeautiful fountainhead .

In 1798 Caballero , ‘ the enemy of enlightenment ’ , swept the intellectuals and ‘ Jansenists ’ from office and instilled anew a fear of France and progress in the court .
in 1798 caballero , ‘ the enemy of enlightenment ’ , swept the intellectuals and ‘ jansenists ’ from office and instilled [again] a fear of france and progress in the court .

Yet there is always a chance anew , an opportunity to feel love for someone , just like the first time .
yet there is always a chance [again] , an opportunity to feel love for someone , just like the first time .

Sixty years later , the story can be told with hindsight to anew generation of readers wondering how on earth the fame of cricket could have caused major sporting and diplomatic upheavals that rocked the British Empire , involved the Australian and British governments , and put a new word in the dictionaries .
sixty years later , the story can be told with hindsight to [again] generation of readers wondering how on earth the fame of cricket could have caused major sporting and diplomatic upheavals that rocked the british empire , involved the australian and british governments , and put a new word in the dictionaries .

And they declare anew their continuous loyalty to the United Free Church in the present crisis . ``
and they declare [again] their continuous loyalty to the united free church in the present crisis . ``

This depends on the notion that ‘ Every time a reader experiences a work of art , it is in a sense created anew … ’ Rosenblatt says that each poem is essentially an interaction between writer and reader .
this depends on the notion that ‘ every time a reader experiences a work of art , it is in a sense created [again] … ’ rosenblatt says that each poem is essentially an interaction between writer and reader .

It is clear that the warp and woof of everyday life in stepfamilies differs from that of unbroken families not merely because of external constraints which frustrate the efforts of those who may seek , as some do , to recast their family lives in the mould of the nuclear family , but that family norms themselves may also be markedly altered , tempered to fit the limits of the new situation and fabricated anew from the post-marital residue of family beliefs and sentiments .
it is clear that the warp and woof of everyday life in stepfamilies differs from that of unbroken families not merely because of external constraints which frustrate the efforts of those who may seek , as some do , to recast their family lives in the mould of the nuclear family , but that family norms themselves may also be markedly altered , tempered to fit the limits of the new situation and fabricated [again] from the post-marital residue of family beliefs and sentiments .

Seeing it anew , Flavia said , ‘ It is something ? ’
seeing it [again] , flavia said , ‘ it is something ? ’

It had , he said , helped immeasurably to establish Iran anew in Western perceptions .
it had , he said , helped immeasurably to establish iran [again] in western perceptions .

They also do not process it anew each time it is presented .
they also do not process it [again] each time it is presented .

the body set out anew on its adventures .
the body set out [again] on its adventures .

The training of probation officers could continue and be included in the Certificate of Qualification in Social Work and the Diploma in Social Work courses , but if these do not measure up to required standards , they will be replaced with anew training syllabus put out to tender in the educational market place .
the training of probation officers could continue and be included in the certificate of qualification in social work and the diploma in social work courses , but if these do not measure up to required standards , they will be replaced with [again] training syllabus put out to tender in the educational market place .

All major urban areas participated with enthusiasm , with political support to professional interests to engage in this activity : not only local authority housing , architecture and planning departments , which bolstered political pride in identification with a popular value of sweeping away the past and building anew , but also the construction industry which had the windfall of long-term contracts .
all major urban areas participated with enthusiasm , with political support to professional interests to engage in this activity : not only local authority housing , architecture and planning departments , which bolstered political pride in identification with a popular value of sweeping away the past and building [again] , but also the construction industry which had the windfall of long-term contracts .

It would probably be an area acceptable to those contemplating setting up home anew on retirement , and their previous homes would then be freed to each new generation of wealth-producers .
it would probably be an area acceptable to those contemplating setting up home [again] on retirement , and their previous homes would then be freed to each new generation of wealth-producers .

The acceptance of such reasoning required Lord Hailsham to address anew the question of the mental element required for lack of consent in rape , since the nineteenth century judges upon whom he relied had never had the matter presented to them in these terms .
the acceptance of such reasoning required lord hailsham to address [again] the question of the mental element required for lack of consent in rape , since the nineteenth century judges upon whom he relied had never had the matter presented to them in these terms .

Mahmoud Abbas al-Aqqad popularised Muslim heros anew , and Tawfiq al-Hakim , a great favourite of Nasser 's , called for the resurrection of Egypt under a charismatic leader .
mahmoud abbas al-aqqad popularised muslim heros [again] , and tawfiq al-hakim , a great favourite of nasser 's , called for the resurrection of egypt under a charismatic leader .

Her eyes met his , saw the lazy mockery in their depths , and she felt her heart racing faster , realising anew how very dangerous he was to her family .
her eyes met his , saw the lazy mockery in their depths , and she felt her heart racing faster , realising [again] how very dangerous he was to her family .

‘ What he is is a rude and arrogant bully , ’ Rory shot back , irritated anew by Candy 's persistence in probing for details about Adam Burns .
‘ what he is is a rude and arrogant bully , ’ rory shot back , irritated [again] by candy 's persistence in probing for details about adam burns .

As she looked at the soft golden panelling , more of which emerged every day , the pleasure of her victory washed over Sara anew .
as she looked at the soft golden panelling , more of which emerged every day , the pleasure of her victory washed over sara [again] .

She saw him constantly , and every time she saw him , she was washed anew with yearning .
she saw him constantly , and every time she saw him , she was washed [again] with yearning .

’ The text has a certain givenness ; it may be interpreted anew in each age .
’ the text has a certain givenness ; it may be interpreted [again] in each age .

Rather the eucharist ( as also the passover ) is a re-presentation , yet anew each time , of an action which took place in the past .
rather the eucharist ( as also the passover ) is a re-presentation , yet [again] each time , of an action which took place in the past .

Those who have put their trust in Jesus as Saviour `` have been born anew … through the living and abiding word of God ; but , like all new-born babes , they must `` long for the pure spiritual milk `` of the word if they are to survive and grow ; and once beyond babyhood they need solid food — which is the `` meat `` of God 's word .
those who have put their trust in jesus as saviour `` have been born [again] … through the living and abiding word of god ; but , like all new-born babes , they must `` long for the pure spiritual milk `` of the word if they are to survive and grow ; and once beyond babyhood they need solid food — which is the `` meat `` of god 's word .

Under the Fourth Republic , television was still in its infancy ; radio was the most important of the audiovisual news media ; and the press illustrated anew the title of Balzac 's novel about journalism — ‘ Lost Illusions .
under the fourth republic , television was still in its infancy ; radio was the most important of the audiovisual news media ; and the press illustrated [again] the title of balzac 's novel about journalism — ‘ lost illusions .

It was not so , at the beginning of each new term she found it was not so , but it seemed to be so , and the same mixture of guilt and hate and sorrow would strike her anew , each time as forcefully , each time she got off the train at Northam Station .
it was not so , at the beginning of each new term she found it was not so , but it seemed to be so , and the same mixture of guilt and hate and sorrow would strike her [again] , each time as forcefully , each time she got off the train at northam station .

He spoke hopefully in his inaugural address of beginning `` anew the quest for peace `` , but at the same time emphasized the need to negotiate from a position of strength .
he spoke hopefully in his inaugural address of beginning `` [again] the quest for peace `` , but at the same time emphasized the need to negotiate from a position of strength .

The video will enable viewers to ‘ learn anew and query the meaning of Martin Niemoller 's questions and insights regarding the future of the Christian world , ’ say the film producers .
the video will enable viewers to ‘ learn [again] and query the meaning of martin niemoller 's questions and insights regarding the future of the christian world , ’ say the film producers .

Keep death , and heaven , and hell in view ; Begin the present year , anew .
keep death , and heaven , and hell in view ; begin the present year , [again] .

Standardization means efficiency in contracting , since there is no need for the parties to negotiate each deal anew .
standardization means efficiency in contracting , since there is no need for the parties to negotiate each deal [again] .

The errors of constructivist rationalism stem from the belief that reason alone enables human beings to construct society anew .
the errors of constructivist rationalism stem from the belief that reason alone enables human beings to construct society [again] .

The ever decreasing value of coinage is the common currency of taxi driver and bar talk , but anew cut-price penny with surprising magnetic properties is the sole interest of an international Magic Penny Society , founded by , professor of Biochemistry at Brunel University .
the ever decreasing value of coinage is the common currency of taxi driver and bar talk , but [again] cut-price penny with surprising magnetic properties is the sole interest of an international magic penny society , founded by , professor of biochemistry at brunel university .

When he saw Topaz climbing down a rough slope he brought Nero to a halt , an overwhelming surge of life running through him as if he were being born anew .
when he saw topaz climbing down a rough slope he brought nero to a halt , an overwhelming surge of life running through him as if he were being born [again] .

Each must constantly be presented anew , only to disappear again .
each must constantly be presented [again] , only to disappear again .

Each must constantly be made anew , only to be covered again .
each must constantly be made [again] , only to be covered again .

’ Barry boggled anew .
’ barry boggled [again] .

And spring the woods anew
and spring the woods [again]

But it was the false calm of the eye of the storm — and the storm was to break out anew with renewed fury when darkness fell .
but it was the false calm of the eye of the storm — and the storm was to break out [again] with renewed fury when darkness fell .

This season there have been signs that Jane 's early talent is budding anew .
this season there have been signs that jane 's early talent is budding [again] .

These secondary substances would not ( not at first , anyway ) have had their own lineages of ancestry and descent , but would have been manufactured anew by each generation of primary replicators .
these secondary substances would not ( not at first , anyway ) have had their own lineages of ancestry and descent , but would have been manufactured [again] by each generation of primary replicators .

Stockings were rolled ; nightdresses folded and piled , sachets between each ; camisoles threaded anew with narrow ribbon after every washing all glimmered secretly in a deep drawer .
stockings were rolled ; nightdresses folded and piled , sachets between each ; camisoles threaded [again] with narrow ribbon after every washing all glimmered secretly in a deep drawer .

‘ The snow-ploughs wo n't be out till early morning , and if you 'd got stuck in the middle of nowhere … ’ He let the sentence hang unfinished , and she shivered , struck anew by the danger she 'd voluntarily placed herself in .
‘ the snow-ploughs wo n't be out till early morning , and if you 'd got stuck in the middle of nowhere … ’ he let the sentence hang unfinished , and she shivered , struck [again] by the danger she 'd voluntarily placed herself in .

Flustered anew , she felt a warm flush of embarrassment flood her face as she searched vainly for an answer .
flustered [again] , she felt a warm flush of embarrassment flood her face as she searched vainly for an answer .

Theodora was struck anew by how much a physical presence determined what could and could not be said .
theodora was struck [again] by how much a physical presence determined what could and could not be said .

Not least the new abilities by which we may see human existence anew — relativistically , that is , each person imprisoned in his own umwelt , his own conceptual universe .
not least the new abilities by which we may see human existence [again] — relativistically , that is , each person imprisoned in his own umwelt , his own conceptual universe .

It was then time for all other mechanical parts to be cleaned , checked for wear , remade where needed and reassembled , which turned out to be a long job as some parts like the track rod ends , king pins and bushes had to be made anew .
it was then time for all other mechanical parts to be cleaned , checked for wear , remade where needed and reassembled , which turned out to be a long job as some parts like the track rod ends , king pins and bushes had to be made [again] .

Anew ring-roarrrd built
[again] ring-roarrrd built

’ Dwayne rolls the syllables around his mouth , weighing this old man up anew .
’ dwayne rolls the syllables around his mouth , weighing this old man up [again] .

We should at least be able to start anew with some element of hope .
we should at least be able to start [again] with some element of hope .

She turned to look at him , her suspicions flaring anew .
she turned to look at him , her suspicions flaring [again] .

Isabel looked up at him quickly , startled anew as she realised he was much younger than she 'd first supposed .
isabel looked up at him quickly , startled [again] as she realised he was much younger than she 'd first supposed .

Can make rise up anew . Persephone
can make rise up [again] . persephone

‘ We love each other , ’ she realised anew , wonder in her voice .
‘ we love each other , ’ she realised [again] , wonder in her voice .

Walking , for example , is an activity which as we go about in everyday life we have ceased to be aware of ; but when we dance the automatically performed gestures of walking are perceived anew .
walking , for example , is an activity which as we go about in everyday life we have ceased to be aware of ; but when we dance the automatically performed gestures of walking are perceived [again] .

She was fresher now , more confident ; confident enough to scrap the entire chapter and begin anew .
she was fresher now , more confident ; confident enough to scrap the entire chapter and begin [again] .

He thought a little wistfully of Provence , tried and failed to see Edith as happy in the Hôtel Paradis , and returned to savour anew the pleasures of Ramsgate .
he thought a little wistfully of provence , tried and failed to see edith as happy in the hôtel paradis , and returned to savour [again] the pleasures of ramsgate .

Rose glanced at her large , cumbrous figure and wondered anew about the passions of men and women .
rose glanced at her large , cumbrous figure and wondered [again] about the passions of men and women .

as if the week had begun anew —
as if the week had begun [again] —

In this sense the wartime consensus was an illusion based on the extrapolation of wartime solidarity into peacetime and on the fact that all that was required was the maintenance of full employment , not its creation anew .
in this sense the wartime consensus was an illusion based on the extrapolation of wartime solidarity into peacetime and on the fact that all that was required was the maintenance of full employment , not its creation [again] .

Once again there are different ways in which such data are used , but all share the object of analysing the data anew , using them for different purposes than originally intended .
once again there are different ways in which such data are used , but all share the object of analysing the data [again] , using them for different purposes than originally intended .

During the evening , however , the rioting erupted anew , with an increasing number of black youths becoming involved .
during the evening , however , the rioting erupted [again] , with an increasing number of black youths becoming involved .

Here was a creative writer of great historical importance in vernacular Italian , as also in neo-Latin ; one who played a crucial role in the promulgating of manuscripts of lost classical texts which embodied the ancient culture and could propagate that culture anew in his own time ; whose creative writing variously reflected the new access to ancient literature ; and whose overall achievement helped to ensure that classical scholarship , in its work of reclaiming the ancient world , became not merely a prestigious activity , but a central and formative activity in contemporary culture as a whole .
here was a creative writer of great historical importance in vernacular italian , as also in neo-latin ; one who played a crucial role in the promulgating of manuscripts of lost classical texts which embodied the ancient culture and could propagate that culture [again] in his own time ; whose creative writing variously reflected the new access to ancient literature ; and whose overall achievement helped to ensure that classical scholarship , in its work of reclaiming the ancient world , became not merely a prestigious activity , but a central and formative activity in contemporary culture as a whole .

Unless a man is born anew , he can not see the kingdom of God . ``
unless a man is born [again] , he can not see the kingdom of god . ``

By praying with and sharing in the enthusiasm of the Elect there is an opportunity for all to turn to God and find the Holy Spirit anew .
by praying with and sharing in the enthusiasm of the elect there is an opportunity for all to turn to god and find the holy spirit [again] .

How right for one another they must be , how happy together , each with his gift for presenting the world anew .
how right for one another they must be , how happy together , each with his gift for presenting the world [again] .

Two of the first three games of the 1976 tour were easily won , so that any English optimist who thought that their Australian experiences might have knocked the stuffing out of West Indies had to ponder anew .
two of the first three games of the 1976 tour were easily won , so that any english optimist who thought that their australian experiences might have knocked the stuffing out of west indies had to ponder [again] .

We look forward to seeing the world anew and to trying to build a life that is as beautiful as possible for our children .
we look forward to seeing the world [again] and to trying to build a life that is as beautiful as possible for our children .

Many believe that Mr Kinnock 's heart may have been cut out and stamped on but that it beats anew in Mr Brown , and for this reason alone the party leader is credited with wanting the 41-year old Scot to succeed him in the event of disaster .
many believe that mr kinnock 's heart may have been cut out and stamped on but that it beats [again] in mr brown , and for this reason alone the party leader is credited with wanting the 41-year old scot to succeed him in the event of disaster .

City : Lloyd 's battle rages anew
city : lloyd 's battle rages [again]

The highly experienced management and staff of Perkins Slade , under the leadership of Mr David Slade , bring anew dimension to the Birmingham Midshires Group and we aim to develop further professional brokerage services to companies and individuals .
the highly experienced management and staff of perkins slade , under the leadership of mr david slade , bring [again] dimension to the birmingham midshires group and we aim to develop further professional brokerage services to companies and individuals .

In practice the lesson must be learned anew .
in practice the lesson must be learned [again] .

Must be put on using a anew one each time before the penis touches any part of the woman 's vaginal area , and must be held in place when the penis is withdrawn .
must be put on using a [again] one each time before the penis touches any part of the woman 's vaginal area , and must be held in place when the penis is withdrawn .

Every new organism begins as a single cell and grows anew .
every new organism begins as a single cell and grows [again] .

They are designated by local authorities which must then pay special attention to any applications to demolish or build anew within the area 's boundaries .
they are designated by local authorities which must then pay special attention to any applications to demolish or build [again] within the area 's boundaries .

Often , simply because there is so much there , a developer will demolish whole chunks of good , solid buildings and then want to build anew .
often , simply because there is so much there , a developer will demolish whole chunks of good , solid buildings and then want to build [again] .

The British still believed themselves to retain ‘ shared values ’ which the debate over a national educational curriculum in the 1980s helped stimulate anew , as it had done in the French Third Republic after 1875 .
the british still believed themselves to retain ‘ shared values ’ which the debate over a national educational curriculum in the 1980s helped stimulate [again] , as it had done in the french third republic after 1875 .

Armenian passions flare anew
armenian passions flare [again]

Soon the cat appeared , and enchanted anew by the sight beneath the door of little legs running hither and thither , began expertly to grope .
soon the cat appeared , and enchanted [again] by the sight beneath the door of little legs running hither and thither , began expertly to grope .

Between now and then , the row that biotechnology generates is going to make everyone think anew about what animals are for .
between now and then , the row that biotechnology generates is going to make everyone think [again] about what animals are for .

The mini-buffets underlined anew the truism that if all food could somehow be prepared on terra firma , familiar restaurant-car hazards such as unreliable equipment and minuscule space would no longer matter .
the mini-buffets underlined [again] the truism that if all food could somehow be prepared on terra firma , familiar restaurant-car hazards such as unreliable equipment and minuscule space would no longer matter .

In the specific case of Ireland , the Chartists failed , but the Fenian movement for Irish independence burst out anew in the 1860s .
in the specific case of ireland , the chartists failed , but the fenian movement for irish independence burst out [again] in the 1860s .

The circle ; arms linked , a rag-tag lot , shuffled round , some kicks and whoops , and , Winnie , enough of it , this wild place , a pair of mooching vagabonds , hustled Rab up on his feet , surprised anew by his lightness : as a bird , for she was not strong , but his fragility ( he could barely stand ) gave the illusion of an amazon .
the circle ; arms linked , a rag-tag lot , shuffled round , some kicks and whoops , and , winnie , enough of it , this wild place , a pair of mooching vagabonds , hustled rab up on his feet , surprised [again] by his lightness : as a bird , for she was not strong , but his fragility ( he could barely stand ) gave the illusion of an amazon .

These broad themes taken together led us to put forward a proposal for a anew divorce law in our book Grounds for Divorce .
these broad themes taken together led us to put forward a proposal for a [again] divorce law in our book grounds for divorce .

We shall return to the Rhineland and start our lives anew — please do not try to find us .
we shall return to the rhineland and start our lives [again] — please do not try to find us .

Thus you play into the hands of that force which desires your downfall and wishes to hinder your inner progress , leaving you to shut the gate on the prison you have built for yourself , afraid to step out and to try anew to overcome your weaknesses .
thus you play into the hands of that force which desires your downfall and wishes to hinder your inner progress , leaving you to shut the gate on the prison you have built for yourself , afraid to step out and to try [again] to overcome your weaknesses .

The National Curriculum does not require schools to stop teaching the ‘ old way ’ on Friday and begin anew on Monday .
the national curriculum does not require schools to stop teaching the ‘ old way ’ on friday and begin [again] on monday .

The budget is therefore set up anew each year .
the budget is therefore set up [again] each year .

The starting point for any action will be the aims of the school ; these may need agreeing anew .
the starting point for any action will be the aims of the school ; these may need agreeing [again] .

The thought of Angel calling another woman mother made her heart ache anew .
the thought of angel calling another woman mother made her heart ache [again] .

The reaction would start anew , but this time with no way to remove its heat .
the reaction would start [again] , but this time with no way to remove its heat .

But they have been left in little doubt that Washington would be displeased if they decided to help Vietnam 's programme to grow its forests anew .
but they have been left in little doubt that washington would be displeased if they decided to help vietnam 's programme to grow its forests [again] .

If , as the psychodynamic school believes , obesity is fundamentally a psychological problem , it follows that treatment should ideally be aimed at the mind rather than at the body , and that treatment aimed at the body will leave the underlying psychological problem unaltered or even aggravated , similar objections were and still are levelled against behavioural treatments which allegedly deal only with ‘ symptoms ’ , leaving the underlying problem to spring up anew .
if , as the psychodynamic school believes , obesity is fundamentally a psychological problem , it follows that treatment should ideally be aimed at the mind rather than at the body , and that treatment aimed at the body will leave the underlying psychological problem unaltered or even aggravated , similar objections were and still are levelled against behavioural treatments which allegedly deal only with ‘ symptoms ’ , leaving the underlying problem to spring up [again] .

It is the angel Gabriel who comes to Charlemagne at the end of the poem , just as Gabriel and Michael — the fighting archangel , whose cult was flourishing anew in the tenth and eleventh centuries — come to Roland to carry his soul to heaven ; the poem is definitely Christian , and an attempt to set a religious seal on knightly glory ; but the knightly glory has in its turn captured the Church , and harnessed it , in the person of the archbishop of Rheims , to the holy war against the infidel .
it is the angel gabriel who comes to charlemagne at the end of the poem , just as gabriel and michael — the fighting archangel , whose cult was flourishing [again] in the tenth and eleventh centuries — come to roland to carry his soul to heaven ; the poem is definitely christian , and an attempt to set a religious seal on knightly glory ; but the knightly glory has in its turn captured the church , and harnessed it , in the person of the archbishop of rheims , to the holy war against the infidel .

Activities , such as walking , standing , sitting or bending , may have to be learned anew .
activities , such as walking , standing , sitting or bending , may have to be learned [again] .

Breeze studied it anew , trying to trace a likeness to the fierce old invalid .
breeze studied it [again] , trying to trace a likeness to the fierce old invalid .

Her beauty made him gasp anew as she moved towards him smiling .
her beauty made him gasp [again] as she moved towards him smiling .

In the world of practical politics , we must act now , and criminal punishment often provides the mechanism for distancing ourselves from the past so that we can start anew .
in the world of practical politics , we must act now , and criminal punishment often provides the mechanism for distancing ourselves from the past so that we can start [again] .

Had the United States been able to begin anew , with judges educated in the values and vision of Gettysburg , with a new generation unaffected by old habits of thought , Lincoln ’ s prophecy at Gettysburg might have prevailed .
had the united states been able to begin [again] , with judges educated in the values and vision of gettysburg , with a new generation unaffected by old habits of thought , lincoln ’ s prophecy at gettysburg might have prevailed .

The cost to the average consumer , if all the cost of the detergent is passed along to the consumer anew , even by those producers who already sell fully additized gasoline , would be $ 6.00 per year .
the cost to the average consumer , if all the cost of the detergent is passed along to the consumer [again] , even by those producers who already sell fully additized gasoline , would be $ 6.00 per year .

The evidence on the role of sexual selection is very indirect , and the high levels of genetic variation revealed in molecular studies argue against past bottlenecks only if this is ancestral variation , rather than variation generated anew since a possible bottleneck—a question that has been addressed in only a few cases .
the evidence on the role of sexual selection is very indirect , and the high levels of genetic variation revealed in molecular studies argue against past bottlenecks only if this is ancestral variation , rather than variation generated [again] since a possible bottleneck—a question that has been addressed in only a few cases .

Through your financial support , you 've already demonstrated that you want to help genuinely needy people begin anew .
through your financial support , you 've already demonstrated that you want to help genuinely needy people begin [again] .

Please inform us of any outcome , and we may deign to comment anew .
please inform us of any outcome , and we may deign to comment [again] .

Reporters marveled anew at Clinton 's ability to change the subject , milk world icons for their moral stature , and repeatedly seduce the country .
reporters marveled [again] at clinton 's ability to change the subject , milk world icons for their moral stature , and repeatedly seduce the country .

In the final shot , a twisted tree grows on the waterline of the beach , the cycle of life beginning anew .
in the final shot , a twisted tree grows on the waterline of the beach , the cycle of life beginning [again] .

When the San Jose Mercury News recently published its findings linking the CIA and Contra drug-runners , the rumors flared anew .
when the san jose mercury news recently published its findings linking the cia and contra drug-runners , the rumors flared [again] .

Others are male , such as the author and illustrator who create Mary Worth anew every day , or George Horace Lorimer , an editor of the old magazine the Saturday Evening Post and an aphorist whose nuggets of wisdom sound uncannily Quindlenesque : `` Education is about the only thing lying around loose in the world , and it 's about the only thing a fellow can have as much of he 's willing to haul away '' is one of his more famous ones .
others are male , such as the author and illustrator who create mary worth [again] every day , or george horace lorimer , an editor of the old magazine the saturday evening post and an aphorist whose nuggets of wisdom sound uncannily quindlenesque : `` education is about the only thing lying around loose in the world , and it 's about the only thing a fellow can have as much of he 's willing to haul away '' is one of his more famous ones .

At Tolstoy 's balls , teas , and operas , even jaded readers get to see everything anew -- because we see it through Natasha 's gushing teeny-bopper heart .
at tolstoy 's balls , teas , and operas , even jaded readers get to see everything [again] -- because we see it through natasha 's gushing teeny-bopper heart .

Each weekend morning I would go out to toil anew , and well after dark , lit by headlights of the car , I would realize that pleasure had turned to despair .
each weekend morning i would go out to toil [again] , and well after dark , lit by headlights of the car , i would realize that pleasure had turned to despair .

He excels at coining pithy phrases and metaphors that express anew the power of Darwinian theory .
he excels at coining pithy phrases and metaphors that express [again] the power of darwinian theory .

They are , as Johns himself put it , `` things the mind already knows , '' forms which can be remade , over and over , and seen anew .
they are , as johns himself put it , `` things the mind already knows , '' forms which can be remade , over and over , and seen [again] .

You dress afresh in your choice of these , have dinner , spend the night , dress anew in the morning if you like , and check out .
you dress afresh in your choice of these , have dinner , spend the night , dress [again] in the morning if you like , and check out .

Talent will arise to cut anew and drape afresh , to hang the mirror in another place , to unsettle us again and again , and to keep reclothing us and righting our minds .
talent will arise to cut [again] and drape afresh , to hang the mirror in another place , to unsettle us again and again , and to keep reclothing us and righting our minds .

In each new settlement , therefore , borrowing began anew .
in each new settlement , therefore , borrowing began [again] .

When a widow , bereft of her husband , and deep in his debts , sought to marry anew , she must first slough off his obligations .
when a widow , bereft of her husband , and deep in his debts , sought to marry [again] , she must first slough off his obligations .

