In that decade the partisan zeal to defend Mr. Hoover , and the party's failure to anticipate or cope with the depression , caused a great majority of Americans to see the Republican party as cold and lacking in any sympathy for the problems of human beings caught up in the distress and suffering brought on by the economic crash .
in that decade the partisan zeal to defend mr. hoover , and the party's failure to [expect/wait for] or cope with the depression , caused a great majority of americans to see the republican party as cold and lacking in any sympathy for the problems of human beings caught up in the distress and suffering brought on by the economic crash .

It may be , of course , that Mr. Louis is consciously trying to create works that anticipate an age of total automation .
it may be , of course , that mr. louis is consciously trying to create works that [expect/wait for] an age of total automation .

All in all , Montgomery calls for a leader who will anticipate and dominate the events that surround him .
all in all , montgomery calls for a leader who will [expect/wait for] and dominate the events that surround him .

The psalmist could say that God was his light even though he could only anticipate the coming of Christ .
the psalmist could say that god was his light even though he could only [expect/wait for] the coming of christ .

To be sure , in tool-and-die work and in the building trades , the first job must be often on an apprentice basis , but two years of half-time vocational training enables the young man thus to anticipate one year of apprentice status .
to be sure , in tool-and-die work and in the building trades , the first job must be often on an apprentice basis , but two years of half-time vocational training enables the young man thus to [expect/wait for] one year of apprentice status .

The adolescent's capacity to anticipate achievement and to exercise the self-discipline necessary to complete tasks successfully depends on the degree to which he or she developed autonomy , initiative , and self-discipline during childhood .
the adolescent's capacity to [expect/wait for] achievement and to exercise the self-discipline necessary to complete tasks successfully depends on the degree to which he or she developed autonomy , initiative , and self-discipline during childhood .

But however we come , finally , to explain and account for the present , the truth we are trying to expose , right now , is that the makers of constitutions and the designers of institutions find it difficult if not impossible to anticipate the behavior of the host of all their enterprises .
but however we come , finally , to explain and account for the present , the truth we are trying to expose , right now , is that the makers of constitutions and the designers of institutions find it difficult if not impossible to [expect/wait for] the behavior of the host of all their enterprises .

It is not difficult to anticipate circumstances in which negative tensions will cumulate ; ;
it is not difficult to [expect/wait for] circumstances in which negative tensions will cumulate ; ;

The president has little influence in day-by-day curricular changes , but if he looks ahead two , three , or five years to anticipate issues and throw out challenging ideas , he can open the way for innovation , and he can also have a great deal to say as to what path it will take .
the president has little influence in day-by-day curricular changes , but if he looks ahead two , three , or five years to [expect/wait for] issues and throw out challenging ideas , he can open the way for innovation , and he can also have a great deal to say as to what path it will take .

Mr. McKinley , for all his sprawling and his easy familiarity , was completely alert to his son , eyes always on the still face , jumping to anticipate Scotty's desires .
mr. mckinley , for all his sprawling and his easy familiarity , was completely alert to his son , eyes always on the still face , jumping to [expect/wait for] scotty's desires .

But since he had failed to anticipate it , he lost the five minutes anyhow , in plotting an intercept orbit .
but since he had failed to [expect/wait for] it , he lost the five minutes anyhow , in plotting an intercept orbit .

Anywhere the road is wide enough , they are congregating so we can not anticipate where they will be .
anywhere the road is wide enough , they are congregating so we can not [expect/wait for] where they will be .

He says The main thing is we can anticipate how many people will come .
he says the main thing is we can [expect/wait for] how many people will come .

The Commons leader , Tony Newton , said that , while the Government would study carefully the committee 's report , he did not anticipate the Chancellor 's changing his previous conclusion that no extra compensation should be offered beyond that already available by law .
the commons leader , tony newton , said that , while the government would study carefully the committee 's report , he did not [expect/wait for] the chancellor 's changing his previous conclusion that no extra compensation should be offered beyond that already available by law .

No-one is suggesting that the forecast famine will be transformed into a flush but auctioneers anticipate prices being so strong they will be impossible to ignore and predict that reasonable numbers of finished steers and bulls will be pulled on to the market .
no-one is suggesting that the forecast famine will be transformed into a flush but auctioneers [expect/wait for] prices being so strong they will be impossible to ignore and predict that reasonable numbers of finished steers and bulls will be pulled on to the market .

It is called the Top-Flite Magna and Spalding — correctly , one fancies — anticipate much scepticism .
it is called the top-flite magna and spalding — correctly , one fancies — [expect/wait for] much scepticism .

You should also see a newsagent on your left , so anticipate a man crossing the road with his nose in a newspaper and children darting across with ice-creams or sweeties .
you should also see a newsagent on your left , so [expect/wait for] a man crossing the road with his nose in a newspaper and children darting across with ice-creams or sweeties .

We anticipate around 1,300 delegates will attend and over 20,000 day visitors are expected .
we [expect/wait for] around 1,300 delegates will attend and over 20,000 day visitors are expected .

Her hands were spread upon the arms of the chair , as she used to sit beside him on occasions of state , erect and observant , quick to anticipate , deft in manipulation .
her hands were spread upon the arms of the chair , as she used to sit beside him on occasions of state , erect and observant , quick to [expect/wait for] , deft in manipulation .

For , to anticipate the argument of later chapters , the nature of the political process and the relationship between state enterprises and other state agencies are crucial for an understanding of the evolution of industrial relations .
for , to [expect/wait for] the argument of later chapters , the nature of the political process and the relationship between state enterprises and other state agencies are crucial for an understanding of the evolution of industrial relations .

There has been big demand for tickets , despite price increases , and the club anticipate a sell-out in the North and South stands and terraces .
there has been big demand for tickets , despite price increases , and the club [expect/wait for] a sell-out in the north and south stands and terraces .

The college say they 're distressed by Tracey 's death , she had every reason to anticipate a good degree .
the college say they 're distressed by tracey 's death , she had every reason to [expect/wait for] a good degree .

And you do n't anticipate any wrangling .
and you do n't [expect/wait for] any wrangling .

Surprisingly , the supporters who occupy these terraces , anticipate much less trouble than English supporters .
surprisingly , the supporters who occupy these terraces , [expect/wait for] much less trouble than english supporters .

We do n't anticipate the same rate of increase that we saw last year , but we 'd be expecting probably somewhere in the region of a 10 to 15 per cent increase over the coming year .
we do n't [expect/wait for] the same rate of increase that we saw last year , but we 'd be expecting probably somewhere in the region of a 10 to 15 per cent increase over the coming year .

It follows that the higher the prevailing rate of interest , the more people will anticipate that the next change will be downwards .
it follows that the higher the prevailing rate of interest , the more people will [expect/wait for] that the next change will be downwards .

To require all its new plants to be built to standards that will meet the regulations it can reasonably anticipate in the most environmentally demanding country in which it operates that process .
to require all its new plants to be built to standards that will meet the regulations it can reasonably [expect/wait for] in the most environmentally demanding country in which it operates that process .

In addition to these financial criteria , short channels have the advantage of being nearer to the end users , which means that the company is in a better position to anticipate and meet their needs .
in addition to these financial criteria , short channels have the advantage of being nearer to the end users , which means that the company is in a better position to [expect/wait for] and meet their needs .

With flow production he or she will have to anticipate model changes in order to ensure that the firm is invited to quote at the outset , and then follow up this quotation in the expectation of securing an order which will be fulfilled over the life of the product .
with flow production he or she will have to [expect/wait for] model changes in order to ensure that the firm is invited to quote at the outset , and then follow up this quotation in the expectation of securing an order which will be fulfilled over the life of the product .

Curiously these metabolic processes seem to anticipate the homeothermic organisation of mammals , thus hinting that dinosaurs carried on where the reptiles left off .
curiously these metabolic processes seem to [expect/wait for] the homeothermic organisation of mammals , thus hinting that dinosaurs carried on where the reptiles left off .

If there was to be a severe winter , George hoped that he would see the warning signs early enough to anticipate it .
if there was to be a severe winter , george hoped that he would see the warning signs early enough to [expect/wait for] it .

He assured Lord Salisbury on his visit to England in the summer of 1929 that ( according to Salisbury 's notes of their conversation ) , though dominion status might be admitted as the ultimate goal , ‘ inasmuch as it is impossible to anticipate an India which could defend itself , and as it is unthinkable that a British army could be subject to native control — an essential condition of real Dominion status — the realisation of the aspiration is not within sight ’ .
he assured lord salisbury on his visit to england in the summer of 1929 that ( according to salisbury 's notes of their conversation ) , though dominion status might be admitted as the ultimate goal , ‘ inasmuch as it is impossible to [expect/wait for] an india which could defend itself , and as it is unthinkable that a british army could be subject to native control — an essential condition of real dominion status — the realisation of the aspiration is not within sight ’ .

If you get one of them , your may anticipate the other .
if you get one of them , your may [expect/wait for] the other .

It is always easier to understand the answers to your own questions because you know the subject and , within limits , can anticipate likely or possible replies .
it is always easier to understand the answers to your own questions because you know the subject and , within limits , can [expect/wait for] likely or possible replies .

Some substitution sets were stored to anticipate common confusions .
some substitution sets were stored to [expect/wait for] common confusions .

‘ We do n't anticipate any increase , ’ Sainsbury 's said .
‘ we do n't [expect/wait for] any increase , ’ sainsbury 's said .

Ireland 's captain in New Zealand , centre Phil Danaher , sees the Australia tour as providing a useful indicator as to the lessons learned Down Under , but does n't anticipate an exact reading of the state of Irish play .
ireland 's captain in new zealand , centre phil danaher , sees the australia tour as providing a useful indicator as to the lessons learned down under , but does n't [expect/wait for] an exact reading of the state of irish play .

Exceptionally , if a government underestimates the strength of opposition amongst its own backbenchers , or fails to anticipate the extent of opposition in the other House , it may be necessary to modify a bill or even have an amendment forced upon it .
exceptionally , if a government underestimates the strength of opposition amongst its own backbenchers , or fails to [expect/wait for] the extent of opposition in the other house , it may be necessary to modify a bill or even have an amendment forced upon it .

It remains an important part of the equation to anticipate the government 's spending needs for a period ahead , customarily a year .
it remains an important part of the equation to [expect/wait for] the government 's spending needs for a period ahead , customarily a year .

It will not necessarily be fatal if the estimates fail to anticipate precisely the needs for the year ahead .
it will not necessarily be fatal if the estimates fail to [expect/wait for] precisely the needs for the year ahead .

The new design guide , issued jointly by the DoE and DTp in 1977 , was keenly awaited : transport planners had every right to anticipate bold initiatives .
the new design guide , issued jointly by the doe and dtp in 1977 , was keenly awaited : transport planners had every right to [expect/wait for] bold initiatives .

Even so , there is still a strong case for the regulating authorities to maintain one office whose sole job is to seek out weakness , anticipate encroachments on the standard of safety and to take action before the hazard becomes dangerous .
even so , there is still a strong case for the regulating authorities to maintain one office whose sole job is to seek out weakness , [expect/wait for] encroachments on the standard of safety and to take action before the hazard becomes dangerous .

There 's only one thing we do n't anticipate doing this forthcoming decade , and that 's standing on our laurels .
there 's only one thing we do n't [expect/wait for] doing this forthcoming decade , and that 's standing on our laurels .

To anticipate any difficulties and provide immediate solutions .
to [expect/wait for] any difficulties and provide immediate solutions .

We can therefore anticipate — and this brings us to our second theme — that the answers we seek actually lie elsewhere than in a simple equation between creative and mad thought .
we can therefore [expect/wait for] — and this brings us to our second theme — that the answers we seek actually lie elsewhere than in a simple equation between creative and mad thought .

Although selective assessments may have been endured , practitioners today should anticipate that they will restimulate deep feelings for many who have perceived past treatments as inadequate or unjust .
although selective assessments may have been endured , practitioners today should [expect/wait for] that they will restimulate deep feelings for many who have perceived past treatments as inadequate or unjust .

This will help you to anticipate when and why you are at your most vulnerable and how to help yourself avoid repeated attacks .
this will help you to [expect/wait for] when and why you are at your most vulnerable and how to help yourself avoid repeated attacks .

Although Wordsworth 's own children , together with Basil Montagu and Hartley Coleridge , can hardly be called unqualified successes in their later life , this does not undermine Wordsworth 's ideas , which anticipate the freedom of modern infant teaching .
although wordsworth 's own children , together with basil montagu and hartley coleridge , can hardly be called unqualified successes in their later life , this does not undermine wordsworth 's ideas , which [expect/wait for] the freedom of modern infant teaching .

What do you anticipate as a consequence of your present situation ?
what do you [expect/wait for] as a consequence of your present situation ?

While it is important to know when and where the injury occurred , as a wound which presents late may have major septic problems , the mechanism of the injury can also warn us whether to anticipate problems with healing .
while it is important to know when and where the injury occurred , as a wound which presents late may have major septic problems , the mechanism of the injury can also warn us whether to [expect/wait for] problems with healing .

Uncle Hilbert , however , was only just sixty , very hale and hearty , still very much in practice as a solicitor , and Lewis could not imagine stepping into his shoes , nor did he in those days think it very nice to anticipate such things .
uncle hilbert , however , was only just sixty , very hale and hearty , still very much in practice as a solicitor , and lewis could not imagine stepping into his shoes , nor did he in those days think it very nice to [expect/wait for] such things .

For instance , the Expert can observe regular patterns of irregularities in the mains supply and anticipate them in future .
for instance , the expert can observe regular patterns of irregularities in the mains supply and [expect/wait for] them in future .

When choosing your magic try to anticipate your troops ’ shortcomings and compensate for them .
when choosing your magic try to [expect/wait for] your troops ’ shortcomings and compensate for them .

The primary purpose of pruning , therefore , is to prevent this situation and anticipate the plant 's own eventual rejection or abortion of its aged growth by hastening its removal , and utilizing the energy to better advantage , diverting it into the production of new growth , shoots , stems and blooms .
the primary purpose of pruning , therefore , is to prevent this situation and [expect/wait for] the plant 's own eventual rejection or abortion of its aged growth by hastening its removal , and utilizing the energy to better advantage , diverting it into the production of new growth , shoots , stems and blooms .

In proposing hypotheses , people are guided by knowledge of past failures , by analogies with theories that have been successful in handling related subject matters ; Peirce 's ‘ affinity ’ between mind and nature is an allusion to something which is required to explain the speed of the growth of knowledge ; and testing theories is an intentional activity which appeals to general cognitive aims — to describe reality , anticipate experience , solve problems , produce elegant and simple formalisms , etc .
in proposing hypotheses , people are guided by knowledge of past failures , by analogies with theories that have been successful in handling related subject matters ; peirce 's ‘ affinity ’ between mind and nature is an allusion to something which is required to explain the speed of the growth of knowledge ; and testing theories is an intentional activity which appeals to general cognitive aims — to describe reality , [expect/wait for] experience , solve problems , produce elegant and simple formalisms , etc .

Consider migrations , pregnancies , seasons , brief harvests and the constant need to anticipate the movements of prey or predators .
consider migrations , pregnancies , seasons , brief harvests and the constant need to [expect/wait for] the movements of prey or predators .

Learning to anticipate
learning to [expect/wait for]

Parents can also learn to anticipate which situations are likely to cause problems .
parents can also learn to [expect/wait for] which situations are likely to cause problems .

When the mother was able to anticipate a problem the children made fewer demands and there was less need to control the child .
when the mother was able to [expect/wait for] a problem the children made fewer demands and there was less need to control the child .

Similarly some parents anticipate problems in car journeys by preparing toys , books , and songs to amuse their children and avoid squabbles and boredom .
similarly some parents [expect/wait for] problems in car journeys by preparing toys , books , and songs to amuse their children and avoid squabbles and boredom .

Events that occur out of sight are automatically blamed on the child , or the mother may anticipate problems and keep warning or threatening the child in order to forestall a problem .
events that occur out of sight are automatically blamed on the child , or the mother may [expect/wait for] problems and keep warning or threatening the child in order to forestall a problem .

These techniques are used by parents who can anticipate the child 's reactions .
these techniques are used by parents who can [expect/wait for] the child 's reactions .

Health visitors and family doctors can help parents anticipate areas of difficulty by providing literature about different stages and issues in feeding young children as well as discussing the parents ' individual concerns and worries ( Finney 1986 ) .
health visitors and family doctors can help parents [expect/wait for] areas of difficulty by providing literature about different stages and issues in feeding young children as well as discussing the parents ' individual concerns and worries ( finney 1986 ) .

If the tree has not yet reached its mature height , then you may wish to anticipate the likelihood of a problem occurring if the tree is allowed to grow unchecked .
if the tree has not yet reached its mature height , then you may wish to [expect/wait for] the likelihood of a problem occurring if the tree is allowed to grow unchecked .

In medical books one can anticipate that a description of a disease will be decomposed into first a subsection on the etiology , then a subsection on the diagnostic signs , then a subsection on the treatment , and finally a subsection about prognosis .
in medical books one can [expect/wait for] that a description of a disease will be decomposed into first a subsection on the etiology , then a subsection on the diagnostic signs , then a subsection on the treatment , and finally a subsection about prognosis .

In the absence of functioning technology , people have obsessively tried to imaginatively invent it in advance , to anticipate the cultural apocalypse it will bring .
in the absence of functioning technology , people have obsessively tried to imaginatively invent it in advance , to [expect/wait for] the cultural apocalypse it will bring .

First , anticipate the losses old people are likely to have experienced and ask about them directly .
first , [expect/wait for] the losses old people are likely to have experienced and ask about them directly .

Check that you know who else is to be present , anticipate what ‘ hidden agendas– they may have and be sure that you know the level of formality .
check that you know who else is to be present , [expect/wait for] what ‘ hidden agendas– they may have and be sure that you know the level of formality .

It is advisable for the prosecution to anticipate any such defence and try to negate any fraudulent defence at the investigation stage .
it is advisable for the prosecution to [expect/wait for] any such defence and try to negate any fraudulent defence at the investigation stage .

But elsewhere the planets are smiling on you and , around the 19th , you can anticipate a happy moment linked to love or career .
but elsewhere the planets are smiling on you and , around the 19th , you can [expect/wait for] a happy moment linked to love or career .

The solar eclipse on the 24th indicates a turn in the tide regarding work and you can anticipate some surprise developments here from the beginning of January .
the solar eclipse on the 24th indicates a turn in the tide regarding work and you can [expect/wait for] some surprise developments here from the beginning of january .

Either at New Year or before July you can anticipate a change in the everyday running of your life .
either at new year or before july you can [expect/wait for] a change in the everyday running of your life .

While you should continue to work steadfastly towards your goals , never allowing a sense of defeat to interfere with your long-term ambitions , you must anticipate some devious manoeuvres on the part of others and some strange developments — even a serious attempt to knock you off your perch .
while you should continue to work steadfastly towards your goals , never allowing a sense of defeat to interfere with your long-term ambitions , you must [expect/wait for] some devious manoeuvres on the part of others and some strange developments — even a serious attempt to knock you off your perch .

Anticipate new faces on the scene .
[expect/wait for] new faces on the scene .

Bosses of the biggest hyperstores closest to the Continental ferry ports confidently anticipate that sales of goods popular with Britons will soar by up to 30 per cent next year .
bosses of the biggest hyperstores closest to the continental ferry ports confidently [expect/wait for] that sales of goods popular with britons will soar by up to 30 per cent next year .

‘ You really have to use your brain , you have to anticipate things and you ca n't sit back and think it will all be all right .
‘ you really have to use your brain , you have to [expect/wait for] things and you ca n't sit back and think it will all be all right .

It is not clear that one has to postulate anything more than a reaction like Pavlov 's dog learning to anticipate its dinner whenever it hears the bell .
it is not clear that one has to postulate anything more than a reaction like pavlov 's dog learning to [expect/wait for] its dinner whenever it hears the bell .

‘ He was always moving the goalposts so that we could never anticipate what he wanted .
‘ he was always moving the goalposts so that we could never [expect/wait for] what he wanted .

Anticipate any tough questions and rehearse your answers .
[expect/wait for] any tough questions and rehearse your answers .

’ Does she anticipate a second marriage with Geoff ?
’ does she [expect/wait for] a second marriage with geoff ?

According to a survey by recruitment consultants Challoner James , 40 % of employers reduced their accountancy staff during 1992 and 71 % do not anticipate recruiting any new staff before June .
according to a survey by recruitment consultants challoner james , 40 % of employers reduced their accountancy staff during 1992 and 71 % do not [expect/wait for] recruiting any new staff before june .

This year we anticipate that our operating ratio [ loss ratio plus expense ratio ] will be the lowest in the market at about 88 % .
this year we [expect/wait for] that our operating ratio [ loss ratio plus expense ratio ] will be the lowest in the market at about 88 % .

It is also , of course , relative to the nature and certainty of the losses we anticipate from indulging our deviant motivations .
it is also , of course , relative to the nature and certainty of the losses we [expect/wait for] from indulging our deviant motivations .

Conversely , if we anticipate the loss of security through our own lawlessness , we will be that much more likely to conform .
conversely , if we [expect/wait for] the loss of security through our own lawlessness , we will be that much more likely to conform .

In contrast , those lucky enough to obtain a place in the East India Company 's own service could anticipate a reasonable career without the necessity of further patronage , even though , without question , a servant of the Company whose career was watched by a great man would rise more rapidly .
in contrast , those lucky enough to obtain a place in the east india company 's own service could [expect/wait for] a reasonable career without the necessity of further patronage , even though , without question , a servant of the company whose career was watched by a great man would rise more rapidly .

Planters could anticipate services from the black population ‘ in a better and safe form ’ through the conversion of ‘ a set of dangerous slaves into useful , industrious labourers ’ .
planters could [expect/wait for] services from the black population ‘ in a better and safe form ’ through the conversion of ‘ a set of dangerous slaves into useful , industrious labourers ’ .

The miners ' representatives had not even pressed for a free trade union , though they had demanded the removal of trade union officials whom they did not like or trust . Ceauşescu was happy to meet this condition : for him , as for any true follower of Lenin , a trade union was ‘ a transmission belt of authority ’ ; if the union officials could not get the workers to meet their targets , failed to anticipate strikes , and then did not resolve them at once , what use were they to the regime ?
the miners ' representatives had not even pressed for a free trade union , though they had demanded the removal of trade union officials whom they did not like or trust . ceauşescu was happy to meet this condition : for him , as for any true follower of lenin , a trade union was ‘ a transmission belt of authority ’ ; if the union officials could not get the workers to meet their targets , failed to [expect/wait for] strikes , and then did not resolve them at once , what use were they to the regime ?

What all this suggests is that people themselves may anticipate that a particular type of credit would be difficult for them to arrange , and therefore simply do not apply for it .
what all this suggests is that people themselves may [expect/wait for] that a particular type of credit would be difficult for them to arrange , and therefore simply do not apply for it .

We listen more quickly than we speak , and when we can anticipate what is coming next then we switch off .
we listen more quickly than we speak , and when we can [expect/wait for] what is coming next then we switch off .

While orthodox Marxist — Leninism of the Comintern period offered no serious accounts of liberal democratic practices and institutions , neo-Marxists have tried to come to terms with phenomena which classical Marxists did not anticipate , especially the advent of some form of mixed economy and the growth of an extended welfare state in every advanced capitalist society .
while orthodox marxist — leninism of the comintern period offered no serious accounts of liberal democratic practices and institutions , neo-marxists have tried to come to terms with phenomena which classical marxists did not [expect/wait for] , especially the advent of some form of mixed economy and the growth of an extended welfare state in every advanced capitalist society .

Direct and regular contact between the class teacher and the specialist teacher/adviser is vital in order to anticipate problems before they arise .
direct and regular contact between the class teacher and the specialist teacher/adviser is vital in order to [expect/wait for] problems before they arise .

You must anticipate some damage around the home at this stage , especially if you leave your pet on its own for any length of time .
you must [expect/wait for] some damage around the home at this stage , especially if you leave your pet on its own for any length of time .

The dog will soon come to anticipate its walk eagerly , and rapidly settle into the routine of having a run before returning to you .
the dog will soon come to [expect/wait for] its walk eagerly , and rapidly settle into the routine of having a run before returning to you .

When his reorganization plan was completed then he could anticipate greater delegation , but not yet , not while he was imposing his will on the Service .
when his reorganization plan was completed then he could [expect/wait for] greater delegation , but not yet , not while he was imposing his will on the service .

Long-term investment over 20 to 30 years is likely to prove advantageous to those companies with surplus cash who anticipate that development may be permitted in the long-term future .
long-term investment over 20 to 30 years is likely to prove advantageous to those companies with surplus cash who [expect/wait for] that development may be permitted in the long-term future .

Circumstances can arise which are difficult to anticipate ; for example , one site with which the author was involved was situated over a mile from the sea , but part of the site was on ground made up from Elizabethan times and included a harbour wall .
circumstances can arise which are difficult to [expect/wait for] ; for example , one site with which the author was involved was situated over a mile from the sea , but part of the site was on ground made up from elizabethan times and included a harbour wall .

It also enables management to anticipate both beneficial and adverse trends before the event or take evasive action when the evidence of an emerging problem has only just presented itself .
it also enables management to [expect/wait for] both beneficial and adverse trends before the event or take evasive action when the evidence of an emerging problem has only just presented itself .

They can put the case for the minister 's decision , copy his style , anticipate hostile points and leave him feeling at a great advantage in any conflict .
they can put the case for the minister 's decision , copy his style , [expect/wait for] hostile points and leave him feeling at a great advantage in any conflict .

Any farm worker could easily anticipate the consequences of ‘ going against ’ the local farmers , so for the most part they resigned themselves to this situation , bit their tongues rather than spoke out and developed what is by now their notorious taciturnity and ability to ‘ keep themselves to themselves ’ .
any farm worker could easily [expect/wait for] the consequences of ‘ going against ’ the local farmers , so for the most part they resigned themselves to this situation , bit their tongues rather than spoke out and developed what is by now their notorious taciturnity and ability to ‘ keep themselves to themselves ’ .

This is closely related to perceptions of life expectancy ; some people not only anticipate that they may age more quickly , but also that they may die at a younger age .
this is closely related to perceptions of life expectancy ; some people not only [expect/wait for] that they may age more quickly , but also that they may die at a younger age .

‘ Promise you wo n't anticipate ? ’
‘ promise you wo n't [expect/wait for] ? ’

An ambiguously worded provision , patently lacking adequate means of enforcement , may be too slender a ground on which to anticipate that the courts would sanction a derogation from the ownership rights of the shareholders , lying as they do at the foundation of the legal model of the company .
an ambiguously worded provision , patently lacking adequate means of enforcement , may be too slender a ground on which to [expect/wait for] that the courts would sanction a derogation from the ownership rights of the shareholders , lying as they do at the foundation of the legal model of the company .

Sometimes she would anticipate them .
sometimes she would [expect/wait for] them .

The frequency with which controversial legislation is amended by Parliament itself ( as witness the Act of 1974 which was amended in 1975 as well as in 1976 ) indicates that legislation , after it has come into operation , may fail to have the beneficial effects which Parliament expected or may produce injurious results that Parliament did not anticipate .
the frequency with which controversial legislation is amended by parliament itself ( as witness the act of 1974 which was amended in 1975 as well as in 1976 ) indicates that legislation , after it has come into operation , may fail to have the beneficial effects which parliament expected or may produce injurious results that parliament did not [expect/wait for] .

Deepening requires the combination of technical constraints and complexities , on the one hand , with the constant need to adapt to and anticipate changes in processes and products on the other .
deepening requires the combination of technical constraints and complexities , on the one hand , with the constant need to adapt to and [expect/wait for] changes in processes and products on the other .

On these criteria one would anticipate that Japanese workers would exhibit high levels of job satisfaction in comparative surveys .
on these criteria one would [expect/wait for] that japanese workers would exhibit high levels of job satisfaction in comparative surveys .

No one can anticipate the precise skills that workers will need to succeed on the job when information processing , knowhow , and creativity are the value added .
no one can [expect/wait for] the precise skills that workers will need to succeed on the job when information processing , knowhow , and creativity are the value added .

The directors anticipate improved performance in this area next year .
the directors [expect/wait for] improved performance in this area next year .

The directors also anticipate an increase in European sales .
the directors also [expect/wait for] an increase in european sales .

Try to anticipate what the historian is about to say .
try to [expect/wait for] what the historian is about to say .

Perhaps the single most important misjudgement of Palmerston 's career was his failure to anticipate Prussia 's drive to dominate the North German states .
perhaps the single most important misjudgement of palmerston 's career was his failure to [expect/wait for] prussia 's drive to dominate the north german states .

( c ) Learn to anticipate the main drift of the historian 's treatment of the topic : Where are the main points to be found ? How does the structure of the book ( chapters , subsections , paragraphs ) relate to your reading task ?
( c ) learn to [expect/wait for] the main drift of the historian 's treatment of the topic : where are the main points to be found ? how does the structure of the book ( chapters , subsections , paragraphs ) relate to your reading task ?

Whereas the good introduction impresses , the poor one depresses , conditioning the reader to anticipate inaccuracy , poor understanding , irrelevancy , muddled thinking-all the qualities , in fact , which the experienced examiner has come to associate with the weak or poor response . ``
whereas the good introduction impresses , the poor one depresses , conditioning the reader to [expect/wait for] inaccuracy , poor understanding , irrelevancy , muddled thinking-all the qualities , in fact , which the experienced examiner has come to associate with the weak or poor response . ``

It is usually they who made the choice to have and keep their babies , even though this does not always work out as happily or as easily as they may anticipate , and they deserve recognition and respect .
it is usually they who made the choice to have and keep their babies , even though this does not always work out as happily or as easily as they may [expect/wait for] , and they deserve recognition and respect .

In the popular health system , on the other hand , the primary health care workers ( brigadistas ) anticipate some of these issues and enter into a dialogue both with the mother and the community as a whole .
in the popular health system , on the other hand , the primary health care workers ( brigadistas ) [expect/wait for] some of these issues and enter into a dialogue both with the mother and the community as a whole .

or coconut hooves to anticipate
or coconut hooves to [expect/wait for]

‘ When that happens , you can anticipate a long and difficult birth .
‘ when that happens , you can [expect/wait for] a long and difficult birth .

What is it with these Iranians ? Their parents ' flight from the Shah and the Ayatollah has flooded the poker world with creatures of blinding second sight whose ability to anticipate the contents of all flops has become a serious threat to most western economies .
what is it with these iranians ? their parents ' flight from the shah and the ayatollah has flooded the poker world with creatures of blinding second sight whose ability to [expect/wait for] the contents of all flops has become a serious threat to most western economies .

He wanted to be alone with her , to anticipate the night to come , and he guessed that she was teasing him .
he wanted to be alone with her , to [expect/wait for] the night to come , and he guessed that she was teasing him .

Then he seemed to anticipate a possibility .
then he seemed to [expect/wait for] a possibility .

As Cora-Beth had so truly argued , they were engaged and it could not be so wrong to anticipate their actual marriage .
as cora-beth had so truly argued , they were engaged and it could not be so wrong to [expect/wait for] their actual marriage .

Try to anticipate any controversial subjects and disasters you might have to mention , or avoid mentioning , in the course of your speech .
try to [expect/wait for] any controversial subjects and disasters you might have to mention , or avoid mentioning , in the course of your speech .

Of course the structure and function of our medical services must change to meet — even better , to anticipate — changes in the patterns of disease and the emergence of new methods to deal with them .
of course the structure and function of our medical services must change to meet — even better , to [expect/wait for] — changes in the patterns of disease and the emergence of new methods to deal with them .

The doctor and team must anticipate the natural course of the patient 's illness and the capacity of the carer ( s ) to cope if home care is to succeed .
the doctor and team must [expect/wait for] the natural course of the patient 's illness and the capacity of the carer ( s ) to cope if home care is to succeed .

He is usually an old male who can anticipate which way the colobus will go and climbs a tree well ahead of them , so completing their encirclement .
he is usually an old male who can [expect/wait for] which way the colobus will go and climbs a tree well ahead of them , so completing their encirclement .

What the investor could not anticipate was the merger of Reed and Elsevier announced in mid-September 1992 and implemented on 1st January 1993 .
what the investor could not [expect/wait for] was the merger of reed and elsevier announced in mid-september 1992 and implemented on 1st january 1993 .

That , however , is to anticipate .
that , however , is to [expect/wait for] .

Explaining why Sigma 33's have been testing new genoas , plus we anticipate an engine overhaul
explaining why sigma 33's have been testing new genoas , plus we [expect/wait for] an engine overhaul

As more and more people concern themselves with psychological growth , we anticipate extensions of intellectual , emotional and creative capabilities .
as more and more people concern themselves with psychological growth , we [expect/wait for] extensions of intellectual , emotional and creative capabilities .

In a downward direction , the government is responsible to the people through a general election , and the civil service is responsible to the Commons — the representatives of the people — because the convention of individual ministerial responsibility is still in force ( as `` proved `` by the resignation of Foreign Office ministers in 1982 over the failure of the Foreign Office to anticipate the Argentinian invasion of the Falkland Islands ) .
in a downward direction , the government is responsible to the people through a general election , and the civil service is responsible to the commons — the representatives of the people — because the convention of individual ministerial responsibility is still in force ( as `` proved `` by the resignation of foreign office ministers in 1982 over the failure of the foreign office to [expect/wait for] the argentinian invasion of the falkland islands ) .

Even those interests that are unorganised have the `` potential `` to organise should the need arise , and even inactive and apathetic citizens enjoy an indirect influence if only because elected politicians have to `` anticipate `` their wishes in order to win elections so that they can get back into office to bargain with the more active interests .
even those interests that are unorganised have the `` potential `` to organise should the need arise , and even inactive and apathetic citizens enjoy an indirect influence if only because elected politicians have to `` [expect/wait for] `` their wishes in order to win elections so that they can get back into office to bargain with the more active interests .

So , pluralists argue that if those of economic wealth are not directly involved in public policy-making then this is some kind of proof that they lack political power , but if poorer people are not directly involved then it is suggested that they are satisfied and enjoy power because politicians will `` anticipate `` their concerns and they themselves possess the `` potential `` to organise for their own advantage .
so , pluralists argue that if those of economic wealth are not directly involved in public policy-making then this is some kind of proof that they lack political power , but if poorer people are not directly involved then it is suggested that they are satisfied and enjoy power because politicians will `` [expect/wait for] `` their concerns and they themselves possess the `` potential `` to organise for their own advantage .

Forecasting is an attempt to visualise or anticipate the kind of future environment in which company plans and actions are likely to be implemented .
forecasting is an attempt to visualise or [expect/wait for] the kind of future environment in which company plans and actions are likely to be implemented .

He will end with a third in the final chord , even when he omits the fifth , and both he and Crecquillon anticipate Palestrina in the climactic use of great descending scales often in thirds , sixths , or tenths — as at the end of his ‘ Jerusalem surge ’ : or the end of Crecquillon 's ‘ Ingemuit Susanna ’ .
he will end with a third in the final chord , even when he omits the fifth , and both he and crecquillon [expect/wait for] palestrina in the climactic use of great descending scales often in thirds , sixths , or tenths — as at the end of his ‘ jerusalem surge ’ : or the end of crecquillon 's ‘ ingemuit susanna ’ .

These last show the same development of imitative polyphony as the Italian lute fantasias ; indeed , those in Narváez 's Delphin anticipate Francesco da Milano and Gintzler by several years , though Mudarra includes a few simply ‘ para desenboluer las manos ’ .
these last show the same development of imitative polyphony as the italian lute fantasias ; indeed , those in narváez 's delphin [expect/wait for] francesco da milano and gintzler by several years , though mudarra includes a few simply ‘ para desenboluer las manos ’ .

But in the isolation that their riches had brought about , and in their serene acceptance that privilege was their due , they did not anticipate for a moment the press of people Don Antonio Beatillo 's idiosyncratic will would bring to their door .
but in the isolation that their riches had brought about , and in their serene acceptance that privilege was their due , they did not [expect/wait for] for a moment the press of people don antonio beatillo 's idiosyncratic will would bring to their door .

Classical , Pavlovian conditioning is useful to the animal when it needs to be able to anticipate some repeatedly occurring change in its environment .
classical , pavlovian conditioning is useful to the animal when it needs to be able to [expect/wait for] some repeatedly occurring change in its environment .

The animal can anticipate them , rather than waiting for direct evidence .
the animal can [expect/wait for] them , rather than waiting for direct evidence .

The seasonal migrator needs an accurate cue to anticipate the seasons , and at least a compass sense to guide it .
the seasonal migrator needs an accurate cue to [expect/wait for] the seasons , and at least a compass sense to guide it .

‘ Telepathically you anticipate all her demands .
‘ telepathically you [expect/wait for] all her demands .

Scientism is a not-unattractive doctrine , and was especially so to a rising professional middle-class who associated with it theories of eugenics and of mankind which gave them a pleasing sense of class and racial superiority ; but in the later nineteenth century there was no reason to anticipate these darker sides of progress .
scientism is a not-unattractive doctrine , and was especially so to a rising professional middle-class who associated with it theories of eugenics and of mankind which gave them a pleasing sense of class and racial superiority ; but in the later nineteenth century there was no reason to [expect/wait for] these darker sides of progress .

The sleeping patient 's eyes were bandaged , just in case she tried to anticipate what the surgeon would do next .
the sleeping patient 's eyes were bandaged , just in case she tried to [expect/wait for] what the surgeon would do next .

He knew Bishop was lurking around somewhere , but the Adjudicator presented no danger he could n't anticipate .
he knew bishop was lurking around somewhere , but the adjudicator presented no danger he could n't [expect/wait for] .

Policing at all levels now recognises the need to accumulate and maintain ‘ low-level intelligence ’ which may be used to anticipate or pre-empt disorder .
policing at all levels now recognises the need to accumulate and maintain ‘ low-level intelligence ’ which may be used to [expect/wait for] or pre-empt disorder .

We may anticipate its conclusions on the basis of its predecessors .
we may [expect/wait for] its conclusions on the basis of its predecessors .

This may make any savings you anticipate by remortgaging immaterial in the long run .
this may make any savings you [expect/wait for] by remortgaging immaterial in the long run .

Try to anticipate what the ball will do , especially if the greens are contoured .
try to [expect/wait for] what the ball will do , especially if the greens are contoured .

She is already learning to anticipate the movements needed to get dressed and beginning to associate a particular piece of clothing with a certain part of her body .
she is already learning to [expect/wait for] the movements needed to get dressed and beginning to associate a particular piece of clothing with a certain part of her body .

And if British farmers do not anticipate the changes needed , then supermarkets , responding to consumer demand , will simply import more and more foreign food instead , warns Professor James .
and if british farmers do not [expect/wait for] the changes needed , then supermarkets , responding to consumer demand , will simply import more and more foreign food instead , warns professor james .

‘ It 's the right product in the right place at the right time , and the only way you can ever deliver that is if you fully understand your current consumer needs and demands and can accurately anticipate the next ones .
‘ it 's the right product in the right place at the right time , and the only way you can ever deliver that is if you fully understand your current consumer needs and demands and can accurately [expect/wait for] the next ones .

Families and people needing care in the community may , of course , receive support from friends and neighbours , and the government 's proposals also anticipate a substantial contribution from this source .
families and people needing care in the community may , of course , receive support from friends and neighbours , and the government 's proposals also [expect/wait for] a substantial contribution from this source .

The call by Griffiths for ‘ clear agreements ’ is obviously justified , but their achievement may prove to be a bigger problem than either Griffiths or the government anticipate .
the call by griffiths for ‘ clear agreements ’ is obviously justified , but their achievement may prove to be a bigger problem than either griffiths or the government [expect/wait for] .

These nicely facetious lines ironically anticipate the grave subterranean associations between the London Underground and mines , later explored by Henry Moore in his role as war artist .
these nicely facetious lines ironically [expect/wait for] the grave subterranean associations between the london underground and mines , later explored by henry moore in his role as war artist .

In effect , Western attempts to create a security system which does not take this into account can not anticipate a long-term future .
in effect , western attempts to create a security system which does not take this into account can not [expect/wait for] a long-term future .

Such reports should not only discuss what problems might have emerged , and their time and cost implications , but also attempt to anticipate any subsequent difficulties to offer advance warning of any requests for supplementary expenditure .
such reports should not only discuss what problems might have emerged , and their time and cost implications , but also attempt to [expect/wait for] any subsequent difficulties to offer advance warning of any requests for supplementary expenditure .

Matters relating to your home life and financial security are highlighted and , while you can anticipate some minor gains , benefits or other incentives early this month , sparks may fly just prior to the 16th , when someone appears to be taking you for a fool or expecting you to foot the bill .
matters relating to your home life and financial security are highlighted and , while you can [expect/wait for] some minor gains , benefits or other incentives early this month , sparks may fly just prior to the 16th , when someone appears to be taking you for a fool or expecting you to foot the bill .

Encourage self-management of the illness with a peak flow meter to measure lung function and help anticipate attacks ( available on prescription ) .
encourage self-management of the illness with a peak flow meter to measure lung function and help [expect/wait for] attacks ( available on prescription ) .

‘ We can not anticipate .
‘ we can not [expect/wait for] .

To what extent was it a responsibility of government to anticipate the loss of large units of traditional male work , whether in Plymouth , Swindon , Sheffield or Glasgow ?
to what extent was it a responsibility of government to [expect/wait for] the loss of large units of traditional male work , whether in plymouth , swindon , sheffield or glasgow ?

Further , since the previous examination record of the majority of our students was the minimum required , we could anticipate few B.Ed candidates — even if students ' response to what we had to offer proved to be very satisfactory indeed .
further , since the previous examination record of the majority of our students was the minimum required , we could [expect/wait for] few b.ed candidates — even if students ' response to what we had to offer proved to be very satisfactory indeed .

As a conscious exercise in boosting public morale at a difficult time there was a real danger of over-indulgence in wishful thinking ; it would be a cruel delusion to anticipate too many rabbits out of the hat , only to be fobbed off by the patter of the conjurer .
as a conscious exercise in boosting public morale at a difficult time there was a real danger of over-indulgence in wishful thinking ; it would be a cruel delusion to [expect/wait for] too many rabbits out of the hat , only to be fobbed off by the patter of the conjurer .

But no matter how well-trained or well-organised warders are , they ca n't always anticipate the actions of these … men you represent .
but no matter how well-trained or well-organised warders are , they ca n't always [expect/wait for] the actions of these … men you represent .

Such groups tend to wield greater power in conflict situations than their members , and indeed the very existence of the groups may be seen to anticipate and perpetuate conflict , to harden and formalise a set of attitudes and values that their individual members may not themselves have recognised or expressed .
such groups tend to wield greater power in conflict situations than their members , and indeed the very existence of the groups may be seen to [expect/wait for] and perpetuate conflict , to harden and formalise a set of attitudes and values that their individual members may not themselves have recognised or expressed .

If we anticipate reversing the fact that much of our population holidays abroad , so that instead we have more people from overseas holidaying with us , a straightforward reversal of where the money is spent would beneficially affect the foreign exchange by £1,600 million .
if we [expect/wait for] reversing the fact that much of our population holidays abroad , so that instead we have more people from overseas holidaying with us , a straightforward reversal of where the money is spent would beneficially affect the foreign exchange by £1,600 million .

The reformulated law makes it plain that an offence is committed if the defendant conducts himself in a way that causes his victim to anticipate that the defendant is about to use unlawful violence .
the reformulated law makes it plain that an offence is committed if the defendant conducts himself in a way that causes his victim to [expect/wait for] that the defendant is about to use unlawful violence .

They may be summarised as follows : if it appears that facts existed from which a constable could reasonably have anticipated a breach of the peace , as a real and not as a remote possibility , and the constable did in fact anticipate such a breach , he is under a duty to take steps ( whether by arrest or otherwise ) as he reasonably thinks are necessary to prevent the breach of the peace from occurring or , as it may be , from continuing .
they may be summarised as follows : if it appears that facts existed from which a constable could reasonably have anticipated a breach of the peace , as a real and not as a remote possibility , and the constable did in fact [expect/wait for] such a breach , he is under a duty to take steps ( whether by arrest or otherwise ) as he reasonably thinks are necessary to prevent the breach of the peace from occurring or , as it may be , from continuing .

First , the mere statement by a constable that he did anticipate that there might be a breach of the peace is clearly not enough .
first , the mere statement by a constable that he did [expect/wait for] that there might be a breach of the peace is clearly not enough .

This exercise heightens the sensitivity in a student 's hands and arms to the point where he can anticipate his opponent 's intentions purely by feel .
this exercise heightens the sensitivity in a student 's hands and arms to the point where he can [expect/wait for] his opponent 's intentions purely by feel .

Soviet officials were gratified by the reaction of the radical Arab states to their plan for the Persian Gulf but they could anticipate a less forthcoming response from the conservative Gulf states .
soviet officials were gratified by the reaction of the radical arab states to their plan for the persian gulf but they could [expect/wait for] a less forthcoming response from the conservative gulf states .

The Soviet leadership could anticipate diplomatic dividends from these initiatives among the non-aligned countries .
the soviet leadership could [expect/wait for] diplomatic dividends from these initiatives among the non-aligned countries .

For example , the Seebohm Report on Personal and Allied Social Services ( 1967 ) pointed to the need to anticipate events and to conduct research on future needs .
for example , the seebohm report on personal and allied social services ( 1967 ) pointed to the need to [expect/wait for] events and to conduct research on future needs .

The defendant , however , may well be in a much better position to assess liability , because insurance companies are often able to anticipate possible claims and have considerable resources available to investigate the circumstances of an accident fairly soon after its occurrence .
the defendant , however , may well be in a much better position to assess liability , because insurance companies are often able to [expect/wait for] possible claims and have considerable resources available to investigate the circumstances of an accident fairly soon after its occurrence .

You might anticipate that dust from space accounts for the mare infills , but this is not the case .
you might [expect/wait for] that dust from space accounts for the mare infills , but this is not the case .

The escapement levers of the Verona piano anticipate the form of those in Stein 's later pianos but are mounted on the keys ( compare illus.13,14 ) .
the escapement levers of the verona piano [expect/wait for] the form of those in stein 's later pianos but are mounted on the keys ( compare illus.13,14 ) .

Workers can anticipate these by considering a number of questions .
workers can [expect/wait for] these by considering a number of questions .

There will be an annual review of your financial circumstances which will give you a chance to look ahead and anticipate any changes which might be necessary to your care arrangements .
there will be an annual review of your financial circumstances which will give you a chance to look ahead and [expect/wait for] any changes which might be necessary to your care arrangements .

5 Implementation of the ‘ precautionary principle ’ so that we anticipate problems and take action before they become acute .
5 implementation of the ‘ precautionary principle ’ so that we [expect/wait for] problems and take action before they become acute .

Implementation of the ‘ precautionary principle ’ so that we anticipate problems and take action before they become acute .
implementation of the ‘ precautionary principle ’ so that we [expect/wait for] problems and take action before they become acute .

Senior executives themselves , meanwhile , can anticipate time saving , less paper to wade through , improved communication and more effective meetings .
senior executives themselves , meanwhile , can [expect/wait for] time saving , less paper to wade through , improved communication and more effective meetings .

This enabled the foundry and The Royal Bank of Scotland to anticipate the final result .
this enabled the foundry and the royal bank of scotland to [expect/wait for] the final result .

If you act for the seller of a building estate , even though it comprises no more than a dozen houses or flats , it will repay you to have printed as many documents as possible ( drafts and engrossments of conveyance or lease , contract , etc ) and to anticipate as far as you can a buyer 's preliminary requirements .
if you act for the seller of a building estate , even though it comprises no more than a dozen houses or flats , it will repay you to have printed as many documents as possible ( drafts and engrossments of conveyance or lease , contract , etc ) and to [expect/wait for] as far as you can a buyer 's preliminary requirements .

The situation would be even more complicated if the member had followed the rule , and was then subject to a claim by a customer who had been misled as a result . Would the member be covered by the fact that he had followed the exchange 's rules ? Or should he have realised that an implied term , or some other interpretation , would have been brought in to alter or anticipate the true meaning of the rule ?
the situation would be even more complicated if the member had followed the rule , and was then subject to a claim by a customer who had been misled as a result . would the member be covered by the fact that he had followed the exchange 's rules ? or should he have realised that an implied term , or some other interpretation , would have been brought in to alter or [expect/wait for] the true meaning of the rule ?

Please telephone us if you anticipate any difficulties in this or any other matter .
please telephone us if you [expect/wait for] any difficulties in this or any other matter .

Please telephone us if you anticipate any difficulties in this or any other matter .
please telephone us if you [expect/wait for] any difficulties in this or any other matter .

In a thorough interview , it will be necessary to anticipate and address the issues , such as contributory negligence , the weight of the evidence and the credibility of the witness , that are likely to be raised in cross-examination .
in a thorough interview , it will be necessary to [expect/wait for] and address the issues , such as contributory negligence , the weight of the evidence and the credibility of the witness , that are likely to be raised in cross-examination .

In reading a text we habitually thus anticipate closures , which then arrive .
in reading a text we habitually thus [expect/wait for] closures , which then arrive .

It also encourages the community to anticipate such changes and so achieves a good part of the benefit of change without the waste of litigation , or the expensive , uncertain , and awkward process of legislation .
it also encourages the community to [expect/wait for] such changes and so achieves a good part of the benefit of change without the waste of litigation , or the expensive , uncertain , and awkward process of legislation .

This will help as the experienced school librarian will already have gone through the process of justifying and acquiring a microcomputer and can anticipate the types of questions which might be asked by senior staff in the school .
this will help as the experienced school librarian will already have gone through the process of justifying and acquiring a microcomputer and can [expect/wait for] the types of questions which might be asked by senior staff in the school .

‘ Sometimes interviews can move in a different direction from the one you anticipate , ’ she said shortly , knowing that there was more than a grain of truth in what he 'd said .
‘ sometimes interviews can move in a different direction from the one you [expect/wait for] , ’ she said shortly , knowing that there was more than a grain of truth in what he 'd said .

They compared groups of virgins , non-contraceptors , contraceptors and pregnant girls on their ability to anticipate the consequences of actions , to generate solutions and plan steps to implement them , in a variety of hypothetical problems unrelated to contraception .
they compared groups of virgins , non-contraceptors , contraceptors and pregnant girls on their ability to [expect/wait for] the consequences of actions , to generate solutions and plan steps to implement them , in a variety of hypothetical problems unrelated to contraception .

They found no group differences in the girls ' abilities to anticipate consequences of actions .
they found no group differences in the girls ' abilities to [expect/wait for] consequences of actions .

The distinction is clearest if we anticipate ideas about turbulence energy in Section 19.3 : the new turbulence at the edge of a spot acquires its energy not by transfer from the spot but by generation of fluctuations that can themselves extract energy from the mean motion .
the distinction is clearest if we [expect/wait for] ideas about turbulence energy in section 19.3 : the new turbulence at the edge of a spot acquires its energy not by transfer from the spot but by generation of fluctuations that can themselves extract energy from the mean motion .

We may anticipate that there will be a stable length right at the start of the pipe ( the Reynolds number based on boundary layer thickness being small here ) , followed by the unstable region , this being followed in turn by another stable region as the profile approaches Poiseuille flow .
we may [expect/wait for] that there will be a stable length right at the start of the pipe ( the reynolds number based on boundary layer thickness being small here ) , followed by the unstable region , this being followed in turn by another stable region as the profile approaches poiseuille flow .

The motion is thus a highly ordered one , although different from what one might anticipate .
the motion is thus a highly ordered one , although different from what one might [expect/wait for] .

They may also do so if they anticipate that their liquid assets may soon be squeezed by government monetary policy .
they may also do so if they [expect/wait for] that their liquid assets may soon be squeezed by government monetary policy .

Speculators will anticipate that the higher supply of sterling will cause the exchange rate to depreciate .
speculators will [expect/wait for] that the higher supply of sterling will cause the exchange rate to depreciate .

Banks may vary their prudential ratio , depending on how much cash they anticipate customers are likely to need in the near future .
banks may vary their prudential ratio , depending on how much cash they [expect/wait for] customers are likely to need in the near future .

Keynesians point to the large sums of money that move around the money market as firms and financial institutions anticipate changes in interest rates .
keynesians point to the large sums of money that move around the money market as firms and financial institutions [expect/wait for] changes in interest rates .

Go through each of the above six factors that affect expectations and consider what would cause people to anticipate a fall in interest rates .
go through each of the above six factors that affect expectations and consider what would cause people to [expect/wait for] a fall in interest rates .

In considering our training needs in the present , then , we need to anticipate the future , and here , too , there is every reason to encourage historians to abandon a rather narrow special-interest mentality .
in considering our training needs in the present , then , we need to [expect/wait for] the future , and here , too , there is every reason to encourage historians to abandon a rather narrow special-interest mentality .

At the same time technology visibly followed demand , or sought to anticipate it .
at the same time technology visibly followed demand , or sought to [expect/wait for] it .

Were deaths we might have had or can anticipate .
were deaths we might have had or can [expect/wait for] .

Let denote the unanticipated rate of inflation , that is , that part of the rate of inflation which agents have failed to anticipate fully .
let denote the unanticipated rate of inflation , that is , that part of the rate of inflation which agents have failed to [expect/wait for] fully .

Workers will initially interpret this as a rise in their real wage because they still anticipate constant prices — and so will be willing to offer more labour ( move up their supply curve ) , i.e .
workers will initially interpret this as a rise in their real wage because they still [expect/wait for] constant prices — and so will be willing to offer more labour ( move up their supply curve ) , i.e .

But how do rational agents put themselves in a position of being able to anticipate changes in the money stock ?
but how do rational agents put themselves in a position of being able to [expect/wait for] changes in the money stock ?

There are three basic considerations : ( 1 ) the need to avoid the consequences of a dissolution and winding up of the whole business ; ( 2 ) the need to define the circumstances in which leaving the partnership is permitted or made compulsory ; and ( 3 ) the need to anticipate the financial and administrative consequences of the departure of members of the firm .
there are three basic considerations : ( 1 ) the need to avoid the consequences of a dissolution and winding up of the whole business ; ( 2 ) the need to define the circumstances in which leaving the partnership is permitted or made compulsory ; and ( 3 ) the need to [expect/wait for] the financial and administrative consequences of the departure of members of the firm .

Every attempt should be made to anticipate this generation gap .
every attempt should be made to [expect/wait for] this generation gap .

4.31 It is convenient here to anticipate part of the chapter on future pecuniary loss ( Chap 5 ) .
4.31 it is convenient here to [expect/wait for] part of the chapter on future pecuniary loss ( chap 5 ) .

It argues that companies which anticipate legislation are able to adapt more gradually and more cheaply than those which wait .
it argues that companies which [expect/wait for] legislation are able to adapt more gradually and more cheaply than those which wait .

To anticipate , the basis of the resolution of the paradox will turn out to be as follows .
to [expect/wait for] , the basis of the resolution of the paradox will turn out to be as follows .

In any transient situation there are always institutions and individuals that are able to anticipate the need for change and are sufficiently flexible to be able to accomplish the transition early and in an orderly fashion .
in any transient situation there are always institutions and individuals that are able to [expect/wait for] the need for change and are sufficiently flexible to be able to accomplish the transition early and in an orderly fashion .

One danger of having both eggs and pollen in the same structure is that the plant may pollinate itself and so anticipate and prevent cross-fertilisation , the very purpose of all these complexities .
one danger of having both eggs and pollen in the same structure is that the plant may pollinate itself and so [expect/wait for] and prevent cross-fertilisation , the very purpose of all these complexities .

Since deductive explanations are most natural in situations where speakers encounter ( or anticipate ) a conflict between their own and someone else 's beliefs , it may well be that the ability to represent the relationship between two conflicting beliefs helps children appreciate the need for deductive explanations .
since deductive explanations are most natural in situations where speakers encounter ( or [expect/wait for] ) a conflict between their own and someone else 's beliefs , it may well be that the ability to represent the relationship between two conflicting beliefs helps children appreciate the need for deductive explanations .

Among their criticisms of Owen they placed his failure , as they saw it , to anticipate the economic centrepiece of Fabian thinking : the theory of rent .
among their criticisms of owen they placed his failure , as they saw it , to [expect/wait for] the economic centrepiece of fabian thinking : the theory of rent .

It seems more reasonable to anticipate a response to a formal written instrument , especially one which may have adverse consequences on a third State , and thus to regard lack of response as acceptance of that agreement , than it is to demand early protest to an emergent rule of customary international law .
it seems more reasonable to [expect/wait for] a response to a formal written instrument , especially one which may have adverse consequences on a third state , and thus to regard lack of response as acceptance of that agreement , than it is to demand early protest to an emergent rule of customary international law .

The Commission 's Report was finally published in March 1970 . It is worthwhile to anticipate events a little and quote at length from the Governors ' Statement of that same month :
the commission 's report was finally published in march 1970 . it is worthwhile to [expect/wait for] events a little and quote at length from the governors ' statement of that same month :

The problem is no less with open-ended exercises and unstructured enquiry projects in humanities work , where the teachers need to anticipate and prepare for a wide variety of student response and reaction .
the problem is no less with open-ended exercises and unstructured enquiry projects in humanities work , where the teachers need to [expect/wait for] and prepare for a wide variety of student response and reaction .

Wise as we now are in the ways of quantum theory we can , perhaps , anticipate the mystery of which Feynman spoke .
wise as we now are in the ways of quantum theory we can , perhaps , [expect/wait for] the mystery of which feynman spoke .

As soon as you 've battered your opponent into near-submission , a power-up appears ( which the computer-controlled player appears to anticipate ) and you 're back to square one !
as soon as you 've battered your opponent into near-submission , a power-up appears ( which the computer-controlled player appears to [expect/wait for] ) and you 're back to square one !

All that the king-duke had to do was to legislate in the same way — to try to anticipate French edicts , or to follow them immediately with his own .
all that the king-duke had to do was to legislate in the same way — to try to [expect/wait for] french edicts , or to follow them immediately with his own .

The more we anticipate the fear reaction the more likely it is that it will occur .
the more we [expect/wait for] the fear reaction the more likely it is that it will occur .

For , people with social difficulties may anticipate that there will be nobody at the party who will talk to them .
for , people with social difficulties may [expect/wait for] that there will be nobody at the party who will talk to them .

These thoughts anticipate catastrophe or very unpleasant outcome .
these thoughts [expect/wait for] catastrophe or very unpleasant outcome .

They may adopt a generally negative outlook on life , tending to anticipate and see problems where none exist , finding things to worry about .
they may adopt a generally negative outlook on life , tending to [expect/wait for] and see problems where none exist , finding things to worry about .

Being able to anticipate the demands of the future makes us less vulnerable to stress .
being able to [expect/wait for] the demands of the future makes us less vulnerable to stress .

The auction houses may anticipate an effect on prices , although early and late impressions are already clearly differentiated in catalogue descriptions .
the auction houses may [expect/wait for] an effect on prices , although early and late impressions are already clearly differentiated in catalogue descriptions .

Seven out of the forty women specifically mention the pleasure they obtain from seeing a line full of clean clothes ; some explain it is because they anticipate the silent admiration of neighbours at this visible ( though shortlived ) achievement .
seven out of the forty women specifically mention the pleasure they obtain from seeing a line full of clean clothes ; some explain it is because they [expect/wait for] the silent admiration of neighbours at this visible ( though shortlived ) achievement .

It is also sensible to anticipate all the questions likely to be asked , particularly the potentially embarrassing ones .
it is also sensible to [expect/wait for] all the questions likely to be asked , particularly the potentially embarrassing ones .

This makes difficult the maintenance of a uniform high quality within the textile works and may necessitate careful watch on the raw water to anticipate the effect of changes in composition .
this makes difficult the maintenance of a uniform high quality within the textile works and may necessitate careful watch on the raw water to [expect/wait for] the effect of changes in composition .

Labourers began to scramble for the available employment ; unemployment increased ; while labourers still continued to anticipate marriage .
labourers began to scramble for the available employment ; unemployment increased ; while labourers still continued to [expect/wait for] marriage .

Through what is sometimes called ‘ role-playing ’ within the family , the child is taught to anticipate certain adult roles and identities , particularly those identities associated with being a man or a woman .
through what is sometimes called ‘ role-playing ’ within the family , the child is taught to [expect/wait for] certain adult roles and identities , particularly those identities associated with being a man or a woman .

But he was able to anticipate that objection by suggesting that the prohibition applied only to knowledge sought in self-aggrandizement , not to that which was of service to humanity .
but he was able to [expect/wait for] that objection by suggesting that the prohibition applied only to knowledge sought in self-aggrandizement , not to that which was of service to humanity .

What this argument did not anticipate was that new , flexible methods of manufacturing made possible by electronics sharply reduced the minimum economies of plant scale .
what this argument did not [expect/wait for] was that new , flexible methods of manufacturing made possible by electronics sharply reduced the minimum economies of plant scale .

Fundholding practitioners would be less constrained in their clinical decision making and patients could anticipate more choice and improvements in services .
fundholding practitioners would be less constrained in their clinical decision making and patients could [expect/wait for] more choice and improvements in services .

What error rate do you anticipate in the text after 7.1.2 :
what error rate do you [expect/wait for] in the text after 7.1.2 :

If microalbuminuria is an appropriate surrogate end point that could replace glomerular filtration rate changes in clinical trials , one can anticipate that enalapril will protect glomerular filtration rate better than hydrochlorothiazide in the long term .
if microalbuminuria is an appropriate surrogate end point that could replace glomerular filtration rate changes in clinical trials , one can [expect/wait for] that enalapril will protect glomerular filtration rate better than hydrochlorothiazide in the long term .

Working-set transactions are lengthy , and we anticipate that queues will increase rapidly with demand .
working-set transactions are lengthy , and we [expect/wait for] that queues will increase rapidly with demand .

To anticipate something to come in this inquiry , an ordinary definition of the neuron is an example .
to [expect/wait for] something to come in this inquiry , an ordinary definition of the neuron is an example .

For some people security and comfort can be derived from being able to anticipate events , for others ward routine can be a source of distress .
for some people security and comfort can be derived from being able to [expect/wait for] events , for others ward routine can be a source of distress .

The precise nature of these latter decisions was not open to evaluation , but the principle that not everything can be foreseen and that no formal statement of criteria could anticipate every eventuality is one which a project like this needs to recognise .
the precise nature of these latter decisions was not open to evaluation , but the principle that not everything can be foreseen and that no formal statement of criteria could [expect/wait for] every eventuality is one which a project like this needs to recognise .

It 's a good job , she says , that they managed to complete most of the house before the birth , for they did n't anticipate the extent to which their lives would be turned upside down .
it 's a good job , she says , that they managed to complete most of the house before the birth , for they did n't [expect/wait for] the extent to which their lives would be turned upside down .

There was a Haydnish sonata , a gentle piano tracking up and back in patterns which you could half anticipate even if you 'd never heard the piece before .
there was a haydnish sonata , a gentle piano tracking up and back in patterns which you could half [expect/wait for] even if you 'd never heard the piece before .

That assumption allows us to retrace and anticipate , as it were , the steps a statesman — past , present , or future — has taken or will take on the political scene .
that assumption allows us to retrace and [expect/wait for] , as it were , the steps a statesman — past , present , or future — has taken or will take on the political scene .

We look over his shoulder when he writes his dispatches ; we listen in on his conversation with other statesmen ; we read and anticipate his very thoughts .
we look over his shoulder when he writes his dispatches ; we listen in on his conversation with other statesmen ; we read and [expect/wait for] his very thoughts .

‘ We could not predict that or anticipate that .
‘ we could not predict that or [expect/wait for] that .

This week they will be advertising for one or two extra staff and anticipate moving to bigger premises by the end of the summer , if business continues to boom at the same rate , possibly in the Manningtree area .
this week they will be advertising for one or two extra staff and [expect/wait for] moving to bigger premises by the end of the summer , if business continues to boom at the same rate , possibly in the manningtree area .

Given the response of colleges in session 1987–88 we anticipate that the Council will have to make a selection and , in inviting colleges to progress their proposals , will consider the extent to which proposals will :
given the response of colleges in session 1987–88 we [expect/wait for] that the council will have to make a selection and , in inviting colleges to progress their proposals , will consider the extent to which proposals will :

anticipate areas of future concern to enable the Company to decide how it will comply with any regulations well in advance .
[expect/wait for] areas of future concern to enable the company to decide how it will comply with any regulations well in advance .

‘ We look forward to launching the product in the near future , and anticipate great success . ’
‘ we look forward to launching the product in the near future , and [expect/wait for] great success . ’

Nevertheless , there is a risk that the insurer ought to anticipate if the case seems at all likely to throw up difficulties in relation to quantification of future loss .
nevertheless , there is a risk that the insurer ought to [expect/wait for] if the case seems at all likely to throw up difficulties in relation to quantification of future loss .

Staff are not allowed to anticipate paid leave beyond what has accrued to them at the rate shown on the annual leave slip at the time of going on leave .
staff are not allowed to [expect/wait for] paid leave beyond what has accrued to them at the rate shown on the annual leave slip at the time of going on leave .

They did , however , anticipate that boards would bring together people likely to have different views about the purposes of boards .
they did , however , [expect/wait for] that boards would bring together people likely to have different views about the purposes of boards .

Numbers applying for entry in September 1992 have increased even more sharply than a year ago and we currently anticipate a further large increase in first year entrants .
numbers applying for entry in september 1992 have increased even more sharply than a year ago and we currently [expect/wait for] a further large increase in first year entrants .

To anticipate the argument a little , my view is that consumption patterns of the majority of people ( not only in the Third World ) are ill-matched to their needs because both consumption and needs are generally dictated by transnational practices .
to [expect/wait for] the argument a little , my view is that consumption patterns of the majority of people ( not only in the third world ) are ill-matched to their needs because both consumption and needs are generally dictated by transnational practices .

By looking ahead management are then in a good position to anticipate potential problems .
by looking ahead management are then in a good position to [expect/wait for] potential problems .

As noted above , one of the most influential schools of macro thought in recent years is that associated with rational expectations , which involves actors internalizing all available information in a model to anticipate now the consequences of , say , increasing the money supply .
as noted above , one of the most influential schools of macro thought in recent years is that associated with rational expectations , which involves actors internalizing all available information in a model to [expect/wait for] now the consequences of , say , increasing the money supply .

The government has already gone into court arguing that it is justified in not publishing the report — the case goes to the law lords on April 10th — and does not want to anticipate their decision .
the government has already gone into court arguing that it is justified in not publishing the report — the case goes to the law lords on april 10th — and does not want to [expect/wait for] their decision .

It can anticipate problems and provide a means for reaching solutions .
it can [expect/wait for] problems and provide a means for reaching solutions .

This forces the teams to anticipate cost problems early enough for corrective action to be taken .
this forces the teams to [expect/wait for] cost problems early enough for corrective action to be taken .

Other central committee members urged the party to speed up its own reform and to anticipate the changes happening in the country .
other central committee members urged the party to speed up its own reform and to [expect/wait for] the changes happening in the country .

Better therefore to try to anticipate such a calamity by assuming the role of an active and vigilant peace-maker .
better therefore to try to [expect/wait for] such a calamity by assuming the role of an active and vigilant peace-maker .

Generally , the note circulation rises towards the end of the week ( as the general public withdraws cash for the weekend and the banks anticipate the demand ) and falls at the start of the week : thus on Mondays and Tuesdays the fluctuations in the note circulation generally raise money market liquidity and on Thursdays and Fridays generally reduce it .
generally , the note circulation rises towards the end of the week ( as the general public withdraws cash for the weekend and the banks [expect/wait for] the demand ) and falls at the start of the week : thus on mondays and tuesdays the fluctuations in the note circulation generally raise money market liquidity and on thursdays and fridays generally reduce it .

It is often difficult to anticipate the time required to undertake a search .
it is often difficult to [expect/wait for] the time required to undertake a search .

We also anticipate , together with your lawyers , assisting in the interpretation of any warranty and indemnity requirements included in a contract .
we also [expect/wait for] , together with your lawyers , assisting in the interpretation of any warranty and indemnity requirements included in a contract .

We also anticipate , together with your lawyers , assisting in the interpretation of any warranty and indemnity requirements included in a contract .
we also [expect/wait for] , together with your lawyers , assisting in the interpretation of any warranty and indemnity requirements included in a contract .

The Purchaser should at least accept that certain warranties should be given subject to the Vendor 's knowledge — eg those warranties which seek to anticipate what a third party might do in the future .
the purchaser should at least accept that certain warranties should be given subject to the vendor 's knowledge — eg those warranties which seek to [expect/wait for] what a third party might do in the future .

The Vendor can not be expected to anticipate what is and what is not material to a Purchaser .
the vendor can not be expected to [expect/wait for] what is and what is not material to a purchaser .

It is unreasonable to expect them to anticipate what additional rights they ought to have .
it is unreasonable to expect them to [expect/wait for] what additional rights they ought to have .

This is an alternative to 4.1 and again it requires the Vendor to anticipate what additional rights the Business should be authorised to use .
this is an alternative to 4.1 and again it requires the vendor to [expect/wait for] what additional rights the business should be authorised to use .

Yet , faced with the necessity for resolute leadership , at this time of trial , Sir Patrick could only declare his satisfaction with the present policy and say he did not anticipate many changes .
yet , faced with the necessity for resolute leadership , at this time of trial , sir patrick could only declare his satisfaction with the present policy and say he did not [expect/wait for] many changes .

Talking to reporters in Magherafelt , the scene of the latest bombing last night , Sir Patrick said he was satisfied the present security policy was adequate and he did not anticipate many changes .
talking to reporters in magherafelt , the scene of the latest bombing last night , sir patrick said he was satisfied the present security policy was adequate and he did not [expect/wait for] many changes .

Whether you anticipate any other special requirements .
whether you [expect/wait for] any other special requirements .

It could be that with the wider use of electronic mail which we anticipate in future , the need for multiple copies of Notices will be reduced .
it could be that with the wider use of electronic mail which we [expect/wait for] in future , the need for multiple copies of notices will be reduced .

One may anticipate the conclusions of the following discussion of the fifteenth-century Muftilik by saying that while both traditions are less than satisfactory and while , in the present state of knowledge , there are questions of considerable importance which remain unresolved , on the particular point of the origins of the institution there is some evidence to support at least the broad outlines of the Mustakimzade tradition , however vexed the details may be ; whereas , on the other hand , not only is there a lack of positive evidence to support the Katib Celebi tradition , there is also a certain weight of evidence , largely of a negative nature , against it .
one may [expect/wait for] the conclusions of the following discussion of the fifteenth-century muftilik by saying that while both traditions are less than satisfactory and while , in the present state of knowledge , there are questions of considerable importance which remain unresolved , on the particular point of the origins of the institution there is some evidence to support at least the broad outlines of the mustakimzade tradition , however vexed the details may be ; whereas , on the other hand , not only is there a lack of positive evidence to support the katib celebi tradition , there is also a certain weight of evidence , largely of a negative nature , against it .

Thus , often gilt prices start to change direction before interest rate movements take place , as investors successfully anticipate the government 's intentions .
thus , often gilt prices start to change direction before interest rate movements take place , as investors successfully [expect/wait for] the government 's intentions .

You should not anticipate reliable floppy disk reading if the disk is not of the correct type , or if it has not been formatted using the correct procedure for that particular disk drive .
you should not [expect/wait for] reliable floppy disk reading if the disk is not of the correct type , or if it has not been formatted using the correct procedure for that particular disk drive .

and anticipate that revisions will have to be made to accommodate the new system but , they said , ‘ This shows the flexibility needed to meet our customers ’ needs in a changing environment ’ .
and [expect/wait for] that revisions will have to be made to accommodate the new system but , they said , ‘ this shows the flexibility needed to meet our customers ’ needs in a changing environment ’ .

Did you anticipate my potential for perversion .
did you [expect/wait for] my potential for perversion .

Lijn 's desire to merge or melt the difference between the visual and aural senses came at a time when many artists were wishing to anticipate a more holistic view of art .
lijn 's desire to merge or melt the difference between the visual and aural senses came at a time when many artists were wishing to [expect/wait for] a more holistic view of art .

An interesting facet of the technical editor 's job is to anticipate uses of miscellaneous texts to assess how useful to embalmers such texts could be .
an interesting facet of the technical editor 's job is to [expect/wait for] uses of miscellaneous texts to assess how useful to embalmers such texts could be .

The weak can anticipate persecution , not justice .
the weak can [expect/wait for] persecution , not justice .

Let us now anticipate the molar mass measurements to be described in chapter 9 and examine the osmotic pressure of a polymer solution in the light of equation ( 8.35 ) .
let us now [expect/wait for] the molar mass measurements to be described in chapter 9 and examine the osmotic pressure of a polymer solution in the light of equation ( 8.35 ) .

Overall therefore , we anticipate an improvement in the second half ’ .
overall therefore , we [expect/wait for] an improvement in the second half ’ .

To anticipate future populations , given such a rate of increase , a compound interest-type calculation is an obvious possibility .
to [expect/wait for] future populations , given such a rate of increase , a compound interest-type calculation is an obvious possibility .

To anticipate this there may be a case for product field testing at stage 9 .
to [expect/wait for] this there may be a case for product field testing at stage 9 .

‘ But time and again , chances for wit are lost through faulty emphasis , sheer inaudibility or reluctance to let us anticipate a line .
‘ but time and again , chances for wit are lost through faulty emphasis , sheer inaudibility or reluctance to let us [expect/wait for] a line .

The systems planning team ought to anticipate problems that may occur .
the systems planning team ought to [expect/wait for] problems that may occur .

( ‘ Study the Subject 's clothing to anticipate how it could be changed quickly : a reversible coat a hat that could be stuffed into a handbag or pocket .
( ‘ study the subject 's clothing to [expect/wait for] how it could be changed quickly : a reversible coat a hat that could be stuffed into a handbag or pocket .

The Minister of State , Scottish Office , shakes his head , but he knows that the Government conceded this point when they announced that they would allow colleges to anticipate up to 10 per cent .
the minister of state , scottish office , shakes his head , but he knows that the government conceded this point when they announced that they would allow colleges to [expect/wait for] up to 10 per cent .

It presumes , although the parties did not anticipate the contract becoming impossible or illegal to perform , that nevertheless , if they had thought about it , they would have stated that further performance was to be excused .
it presumes , although the parties did not [expect/wait for] the contract becoming impossible or illegal to perform , that nevertheless , if they had thought about it , they would have stated that further performance was to be excused .

Not all the decisions in a given period can be carried out , since many of them may erroneously anticipate and depend upon other decisions which are in fact not being made .
not all the decisions in a given period can be carried out , since many of them may erroneously [expect/wait for] and depend upon other decisions which are in fact not being made .

She had been a fool not to anticipate that a guard would be keeping a hidden watch on fitzAlan 's door .
she had been a fool not to [expect/wait for] that a guard would be keeping a hidden watch on fitzalan 's door .

6.6 ) , and the oxides present are not always those we might anticipate from a knowledge of the stability of bulk oxide samples .
6.6 ) , and the oxides present are not always those we might [expect/wait for] from a knowledge of the stability of bulk oxide samples .

They were the supreme embodiment of sovereignty ; the army owed obedience to them personally ; the debts of the State were their personal debts ; they could override or anticipate the decisions of any court of law .
they were the supreme embodiment of sovereignty ; the army owed obedience to them personally ; the debts of the state were their personal debts ; they could override or [expect/wait for] the decisions of any court of law .

The more of these questions you can anticipate the better , but there will always be surprises .
the more of these questions you can [expect/wait for] the better , but there will always be surprises .

For that matter , she might not have been far out in thinking him impudent ; his manner was innocence itself , his deference if anything delicately overdone , as though he were ready to come down off his high horse the moment she came down off hers , and did n't anticipate that the descent need be long delayed .
for that matter , she might not have been far out in thinking him impudent ; his manner was innocence itself , his deference if anything delicately overdone , as though he were ready to come down off his high horse the moment she came down off hers , and did n't [expect/wait for] that the descent need be long delayed .

She found it painful to anticipate the poor man 's misery , and was dismayed co recognize how ferocious was her dislike for the woman .
she found it painful to [expect/wait for] the poor man 's misery , and was dismayed co recognize how ferocious was her dislike for the woman .

We anticipate similar expenditure for 1994 .
we [expect/wait for] similar expenditure for 1994 .

The role of the tutor is that of trying to anticipate if the strategies selected or suggested are a realistic means of implementation .
the role of the tutor is that of trying to [expect/wait for] if the strategies selected or suggested are a realistic means of implementation .

It is clearly impossible to anticipate every eventuality , but the guiding principle must be that if the source of difficulty does not lie in the implementation of a selected strategy and is not being assessed during the conduct of the investigation , then assistance can be given .
it is clearly impossible to [expect/wait for] every eventuality , but the guiding principle must be that if the source of difficulty does not lie in the implementation of a selected strategy and is not being assessed during the conduct of the investigation , then assistance can be given .

It was also criticized for failing to anticipate the catastrophe .
it was also criticized for failing to [expect/wait for] the catastrophe .

by adding footnotes or bibliographic references ) always takes longer than you anticipate , so allow enough time for this .
by adding footnotes or bibliographic references ) always takes longer than you [expect/wait for] , so allow enough time for this .

What you need to do , in using the expression , is to anticipate what effect its use is likely to have on your probable readers — and act accordingly .
what you need to do , in using the expression , is to [expect/wait for] what effect its use is likely to have on your probable readers — and act accordingly .

If the occupier has reason to anticipate the presence of a child trespasser he would do well to erect an obstacle to entry that is not in itself dangerous .
if the occupier has reason to [expect/wait for] the presence of a child trespasser he would do well to erect an obstacle to entry that is not in itself dangerous .

One does not normally anticipate the presence of a burglar .
one does not normally [expect/wait for] the presence of a burglar .

During the Occupation he had repeatedly declared that he would not anticipate the will of the French people .
during the occupation he had repeatedly declared that he would not [expect/wait for] the will of the french people .

The inventor must resist any temptation he might have to publish details of his invention before the first filing date ( the priority date ) , otherwise he could inadvertently add his invention to the state of the art and anticipate his own invention .
the inventor must resist any temptation he might have to publish details of his invention before the first filing date ( the priority date ) , otherwise he could inadvertently add his invention to the state of the art and [expect/wait for] his own invention .

Not only does Dame Sirith advertise her professional ability to repeat the trick , or to obtain for a man the woman he wants in the way he wants , and thus anticipate her ability to star in an extended series of fabliaux that the poet may tell , but the language and prosody convey certain points that lie at the heart of the fabliau perspective .
not only does dame sirith advertise her professional ability to repeat the trick , or to obtain for a man the woman he wants in the way he wants , and thus [expect/wait for] her ability to star in an extended series of fabliaux that the poet may tell , but the language and prosody convey certain points that lie at the heart of the fabliau perspective .

Here is a man , to anticipate terms we shall find in the next two chapters to be of lasting significance in respect of Chaucer 's use of the fabliau , who can indeed find `` `` Goddes foyson `` `` in his wife 's `` `` queynte `` `` without enquiring further .
here is a man , to [expect/wait for] terms we shall find in the next two chapters to be of lasting significance in respect of chaucer 's use of the fabliau , who can indeed find `` `` goddes foyson `` `` in his wife 's `` `` queynte `` `` without enquiring further .

But the synopsis that he offers of his tale : is unmistakably that of a fabliau , and with the target figure appearing as a regular element within the fabliau it is understandable that the Reeve , a carpenter , should anticipate an attack upon himself : Fabliaux are thoroughly suitable textual weapons for the two churls , the Miller and the Reeve , to beat each other over the head with .
but the synopsis that he offers of his tale : is unmistakably that of a fabliau , and with the target figure appearing as a regular element within the fabliau it is understandable that the reeve , a carpenter , should [expect/wait for] an attack upon himself : fabliaux are thoroughly suitable textual weapons for the two churls , the miller and the reeve , to beat each other over the head with .

Unfortunately , we did not anticipate the importance of observer bias , and we did not arrange for third party blinded observation .
unfortunately , we did not [expect/wait for] the importance of observer bias , and we did not arrange for third party blinded observation .

To anticipate this there may be a case for product field testing at stage 9 .
to [expect/wait for] this there may be a case for product field testing at stage 9 .

He should think himself into the position of the other person , whether in-house or customer , and try to anticipate his approach and reactions .
he should think himself into the position of the other person , whether in-house or customer , and try to [expect/wait for] his approach and reactions .

Observed on its larger scale the universe reveals a clustering of atoms to form stars , and of stars to form galaxies , it would not be unreasonable to anticipate the possibility of a clustering of galaxies .
observed on its larger scale the universe reveals a clustering of atoms to form stars , and of stars to form galaxies , it would not be unreasonable to [expect/wait for] the possibility of a clustering of galaxies .

It is reasonable to anticipate that wherever in this universe life evolves on the surface of a massive ellipsoid like the earth , the advanced forms will have one-fold symmetry .
it is reasonable to [expect/wait for] that wherever in this universe life evolves on the surface of a massive ellipsoid like the earth , the advanced forms will have one-fold symmetry .

Even so , when handling and riding horses , we really need to be able to anticipate their emotions , actions and reactions , rather than simply expecting perfect behaviour and performance from them .
even so , when handling and riding horses , we really need to be able to [expect/wait for] their emotions , actions and reactions , rather than simply expecting perfect behaviour and performance from them .

We can anticipate a horse 's behaviour and emotions through knowledge , commonsense , empathy , and perception .
we can [expect/wait for] a horse 's behaviour and emotions through knowledge , commonsense , empathy , and perception .

We need the horse to listen to us , but we must listen to it , be receptive to it , so that we can anticipate and offset the real possibility of a horse 's emotions becoming too extreme and consequently it being most uncooperative .
we need the horse to listen to us , but we must listen to it , be receptive to it , so that we can [expect/wait for] and offset the real possibility of a horse 's emotions becoming too extreme and consequently it being most uncooperative .

The best way to avoid bad habits is to anticipate the possibility of their occurrence and to be careful how we handle and train horses .
the best way to avoid bad habits is to [expect/wait for] the possibility of their occurrence and to be careful how we handle and train horses .

Her desire and anxiety to anticipate her rider 's every request made her impossible to school in the restricted space of the dressage arena .
her desire and anxiety to [expect/wait for] her rider 's every request made her impossible to school in the restricted space of the dressage arena .

You can never plan too much , never work out too many details or anticipate too many ‘ worst cases ’ .
you can never plan too much , never work out too many details or [expect/wait for] too many ‘ worst cases ’ .

Good planning gives you thinking time , the chance to anticipate problems and find ways of avoiding those stresses and crises that arise because you have n't enough time to deal with the unexpected .
good planning gives you thinking time , the chance to [expect/wait for] problems and find ways of avoiding those stresses and crises that arise because you have n't enough time to deal with the unexpected .

Think in terms of ease more than possibility of movement for the number of people you anticipate .
think in terms of ease more than possibility of movement for the number of people you [expect/wait for] .

It was Jim Callaghan 's dithering in 1978 and failure to anticipate the horrors and effect of the ‘ winter of discontent ’ that contributed substantially to Labour 's defeat in the General Election the following year .
it was jim callaghan 's dithering in 1978 and failure to [expect/wait for] the horrors and effect of the ‘ winter of discontent ’ that contributed substantially to labour 's defeat in the general election the following year .

We can anticipate good things happening .
we can [expect/wait for] good things happening .

Many people make wills and leave instructions about things that are important to them because they have assessed the risk and feel that they should anticipate the future and their possible demise .
many people make wills and leave instructions about things that are important to them because they have assessed the risk and feel that they should [expect/wait for] the future and their possible demise .

This feeling owes a lot to all the novels and films and to actual practice with condemned men being ‘ granted their last wish before they die ’ , but it is also a strong expression of trying to anticipate impending loss .
this feeling owes a lot to all the novels and films and to actual practice with condemned men being ‘ granted their last wish before they die ’ , but it is also a strong expression of trying to [expect/wait for] impending loss .

Every now and again you will not make the progress that you anticipate .
every now and again you will not make the progress that you [expect/wait for] .

It is not difficult but plain impossible for any poll to anticipate swings of opinion , such as certainly took place last week .
it is not difficult but plain impossible for any poll to [expect/wait for] swings of opinion , such as certainly took place last week .

Most borrowers did not anticipate this ; indeed , a 1989 survey by the Office of Fair Trading shows that only 37 % of borrowers gave any thought at all to the likely future movement of interest rates when they took out a loan .
most borrowers did not [expect/wait for] this ; indeed , a 1989 survey by the office of fair trading shows that only 37 % of borrowers gave any thought at all to the likely future movement of interest rates when they took out a loan .

Partly because of anguish that they failed to anticipate Ethiopia 's 1984–85 famine , and partly to cajole rich countries into giving lots of food , aid workers do tend to err on the side of exaggeration .
partly because of anguish that they failed to [expect/wait for] ethiopia 's 1984–85 famine , and partly to cajole rich countries into giving lots of food , aid workers do tend to err on the side of exaggeration .

To suggest this rich , redemptive theme in a stylish , at times almost camp , comedy ( there are moments of pitch black humour at the end which anticipate Joe Orton ) is an extraordinary achievement .
to suggest this rich , redemptive theme in a stylish , at times almost camp , comedy ( there are moments of pitch black humour at the end which [expect/wait for] joe orton ) is an extraordinary achievement .

Then he charged to the other end to anticipate a precise through ball from McMahon and reach it just before the advancing Lukic and flick it into the empty net .
then he charged to the other end to [expect/wait for] a precise through ball from mcmahon and reach it just before the advancing lukic and flick it into the empty net .

This method of food-gathering and the inactive mode of life may seem sufficiently dull for us to anticipate that the brachiopods would have changed little in their long history .
this method of food-gathering and the inactive mode of life may seem sufficiently dull for us to [expect/wait for] that the brachiopods would have changed little in their long history .

Because of the ideal lively location and facilities , we anticipate the Magamar apartments to be very popular this year with Club Clients .
because of the ideal lively location and facilities , we [expect/wait for] the magamar apartments to be very popular this year with club clients .

It minimises uncertainty and helps to anticipate changes for example in demography , social factors , values and employment levels .
it minimises uncertainty and helps to [expect/wait for] changes for example in demography , social factors , values and employment levels .

It helps the organisation to anticipate and minimise difficulties , especially in potentially complex situations , by ensuring that careful consideration has been given to alternative courses of action .
it helps the organisation to [expect/wait for] and minimise difficulties , especially in potentially complex situations , by ensuring that careful consideration has been given to alternative courses of action .

Labour 's Minister for Science will develop a national strategy to promote high-quality science and technology , so that Britain can better anticipate and respond to the challenges of the future .
labour 's minister for science will develop a national strategy to promote high-quality science and technology , so that britain can better [expect/wait for] and respond to the challenges of the future .

Secondly , the Rules were flawed in so far as they did not seem to anticipate the possibility of problems created by the piecemeal acquisition of bonds either by occasional buying out or by gift .
secondly , the rules were flawed in so far as they did not seem to [expect/wait for] the possibility of problems created by the piecemeal acquisition of bonds either by occasional buying out or by gift .

After giving due praise for the ‘ truly magnificent score o 68 gross ’ ( not an official record as a temporary green was in use ) , Jack goes on to write , with sensitive appreciation , ‘ Spare a thought if you will for Fred Willson who had handed in a card of 43 points in the same competition , a Stableford round , which in ordinary circumstances surely would have entitled anyone to anticipate receiving the most acceptable prize from the Captain .
after giving due praise for the ‘ truly magnificent score o 68 gross ’ ( not an official record as a temporary green was in use ) , jack goes on to write , with sensitive appreciation , ‘ spare a thought if you will for fred willson who had handed in a card of 43 points in the same competition , a stableford round , which in ordinary circumstances surely would have entitled anyone to [expect/wait for] receiving the most acceptable prize from the captain .

The class spent considerable time examining these photographs , attempting to anticipate the kind of personalities they were to be working with .
the class spent considerable time examining these photographs , attempting to [expect/wait for] the kind of personalities they were to be working with .

The insurance companies anticipate maintaining the premium rates at current levels but they retain the right to review them from time to time , subject to giving each insured person 60 days notice of any change .
the insurance companies [expect/wait for] maintaining the premium rates at current levels but they retain the right to review them from time to time , subject to giving each insured person 60 days notice of any change .

The Insurance Companies anticipate maintaining the premium rates at current levels but they retain the right to review them from time to time , subject to giving each insured person 60 days notice of any change .
the insurance companies [expect/wait for] maintaining the premium rates at current levels but they retain the right to review them from time to time , subject to giving each insured person 60 days notice of any change .

Anticipate the conclusions for each item discussed and where possible begin to define potential follow-up action .
[expect/wait for] the conclusions for each item discussed and where possible begin to define potential follow-up action .

This will stop your eyes wandering about the page but still allows peripheral vision so that you are able to anticipate what is coming next .
this will stop your eyes wandering about the page but still allows peripheral vision so that you are able to [expect/wait for] what is coming next .

Those who anticipate that both will be granted will campaign for legislation to enforce a new schedule of environmental safeguards .
those who [expect/wait for] that both will be granted will campaign for legislation to enforce a new schedule of environmental safeguards .

One item on lease is a new in-house laundry which was acquired when high bedroom occupancy was anticipate and its was though that the hire cost of linen would be more expensive .
one item on lease is a new in-house laundry which was acquired when high bedroom occupancy was [expect/wait for] and its was though that the hire cost of linen would be more expensive .

There is no sense here of any engagement with the writer on what the script should be like , nor does Hepworth anticipate substantial work being done on the text after his initial moments of introspection .
there is no sense here of any engagement with the writer on what the script should be like , nor does hepworth [expect/wait for] substantial work being done on the text after his initial moments of introspection .

It was easy to anticipate that respondents would be sensitive about such matters , and it was our general tolerance of such fears that continually led us to try to pacify and reassure respondents .
it was easy to [expect/wait for] that respondents would be sensitive about such matters , and it was our general tolerance of such fears that continually led us to try to pacify and reassure respondents .

It is not always possible for low-ranking officers to anticipate the situations which ‘ Action Men ’ need to avoid , and some instances were observed where the aggressive manner of the policeman acted as a form of ‘ amplification of deviance ’ ( Young 1971 ) , transforming a minor situation into ‘ big crime ’ .
it is not always possible for low-ranking officers to [expect/wait for] the situations which ‘ action men ’ need to avoid , and some instances were observed where the aggressive manner of the policeman acted as a form of ‘ amplification of deviance ’ ( young 1971 ) , transforming a minor situation into ‘ big crime ’ .

The pilot himself can help anticipate the swing into wind by applying full out-of-wind rudder before he starts to roll .
the pilot himself can help [expect/wait for] the swing into wind by applying full out-of-wind rudder before he starts to roll .

Anthropology has been prominent in showing how the marginal in any society tends to pose problems for state institutions and governments ; and the insider must anticipate that his conclusions might well be
anthropology has been prominent in showing how the marginal in any society tends to pose problems for state institutions and governments ; and the insider must [expect/wait for] that his conclusions might well be

The restaurant manager should also anticipate problems in the kitchen or front of house and prevent any ‘ ripples ’ getting through to the customer .
the restaurant manager should also [expect/wait for] problems in the kitchen or front of house and prevent any ‘ ripples ’ getting through to the customer .

He had always been able to anticipate the actions of others , especially his rivals .
he had always been able to [expect/wait for] the actions of others , especially his rivals .

You must know and anticipate your climate and be ever ready to take advantage of any spell of good weather .
you must know and [expect/wait for] your climate and be ever ready to take advantage of any spell of good weather .

It is about the same as we can anticipate in the next century , on the basis of currently predicted rates of greenhouse warming , according to scientists like Tom Wigley , Director of the Climate Research Unit at the University of East Anglia .
it is about the same as we can [expect/wait for] in the next century , on the basis of currently predicted rates of greenhouse warming , according to scientists like tom wigley , director of the climate research unit at the university of east anglia .

If new coastal engineering works can be enhanced at small extra cost , to anticipate sea-level rise , the investment will be a worthwhile insurance .
if new coastal engineering works can be enhanced at small extra cost , to [expect/wait for] sea-level rise , the investment will be a worthwhile insurance .

The chairman of a company like British Aerospace has to anticipate change on a global scale .
the chairman of a company like british aerospace has to [expect/wait for] change on a global scale .

Mrs Thatcher , in effect , did not anticipate being linked to the monetary system of an increasingly interventionist Europe in her political lifetime .
mrs thatcher , in effect , did not [expect/wait for] being linked to the monetary system of an increasingly interventionist europe in her political lifetime .

At Question Time the Prime Minister is backed by the civil servants who brief her and try to anticipate supplementary questions .
at question time the prime minister is backed by the civil servants who brief her and try to [expect/wait for] supplementary questions .

He is fancied to win inside the distance and the American 's cut man can anticipate a busy night .
he is fancied to win inside the distance and the american 's cut man can [expect/wait for] a busy night .

This is only the start of a new area of free radical chemistry and we anticipate properties more characteristic of metals as the area develops .
this is only the start of a new area of free radical chemistry and we [expect/wait for] properties more characteristic of metals as the area develops .

It is the day when they stand in imagination at the foot of the Cross to witness the judicial murder of Christ , to remember their own failings and to anticipate the holiday — literally the holy day — for which they have prepared throughout Lent : the day on which they believe Christ rose from the dead .
it is the day when they stand in imagination at the foot of the cross to witness the judicial murder of christ , to remember their own failings and to [expect/wait for] the holiday — literally the holy day — for which they have prepared throughout lent : the day on which they believe christ rose from the dead .

This audit can be extended to anticipate future legislation , to help companies avoid possible future costly litigation resulting from unforeseen environmental consequences .
this audit can be extended to [expect/wait for] future legislation , to help companies avoid possible future costly litigation resulting from unforeseen environmental consequences .

It was always disappointing to sight the Land Rover and anticipate being in camp in a few minutes and then have an hour to walk .
it was always disappointing to sight the land rover and [expect/wait for] being in camp in a few minutes and then have an hour to walk .

Sometimes the purpose will be described but often it wo n't , since you may try to anticipate the result .
sometimes the purpose will be described but often it wo n't , since you may try to [expect/wait for] the result .

So you need to anticipate and absorb each wave with the legs ( which act as shock absorbers ) .
so you need to [expect/wait for] and absorb each wave with the legs ( which act as shock absorbers ) .

Unless both parties successfully anticipate inflation by fixing the terms of loans in such a way as to compensate for inflation , the lenders find that the real value of their loans declines , and the borrowers find that the real value of their debts declines to the same extent .
unless both parties successfully [expect/wait for] inflation by fixing the terms of loans in such a way as to compensate for inflation , the lenders find that the real value of their loans declines , and the borrowers find that the real value of their debts declines to the same extent .

Deirdre Bair did not have access to these letters at the time of writing , though the euphemistic terms she uses to describe de Beauvoir 's relationships anticipate this recent confirmation .
deirdre bair did not have access to these letters at the time of writing , though the euphemistic terms she uses to describe de beauvoir 's relationships [expect/wait for] this recent confirmation .

The tourists anticipate a harder time than recent evidence in Welsh and Irish rugby might have suggested to them .
the tourists [expect/wait for] a harder time than recent evidence in welsh and irish rugby might have suggested to them .

While there was no evidence of widespread abuse of calculators in the examination room , the boards , he said , were attempting to anticipate possible problems .
while there was no evidence of widespread abuse of calculators in the examination room , the boards , he said , were attempting to [expect/wait for] possible problems .

The two companies said the Ministry of Defence had been supportive of their approach and they did not anticipate any regulatory problems .
the two companies said the ministry of defence had been supportive of their approach and they did not [expect/wait for] any regulatory problems .

Despite the charges against him , he does not anticipate many defections .
despite the charges against him , he does not [expect/wait for] many defections .

Anticipate the hose-pipe bans and make the most of a sunny border , says Nigel Colborn , by filling it with the kind of plants that thrive on heat and dust
[expect/wait for] the hose-pipe bans and make the most of a sunny border , says nigel colborn , by filling it with the kind of plants that thrive on heat and dust

It was the fear of Labour which led the Conservatives to abandon the Lloyd George Coalition government in 1922 and to anticipate the new social policies of a ‘ new Conservatism ’ during the 1920s .
it was the fear of labour which led the conservatives to abandon the lloyd george coalition government in 1922 and to [expect/wait for] the new social policies of a ‘ new conservatism ’ during the 1920s .

It did not follow , however , that human judgement could anticipate that of Christ . Clergy who remained untouched by the ‘ enthusiasm ’ of the Evangelicals were more inclined to adhere to the authoritative opinion of another Irish Bishop , Jeremy Taylor , the seventeenth century Bishop of Down , who had written :
it did not follow , however , that human judgement could [expect/wait for] that of christ . clergy who remained untouched by the ‘ enthusiasm ’ of the evangelicals were more inclined to adhere to the authoritative opinion of another irish bishop , jeremy taylor , the seventeenth century bishop of down , who had written :

If you are a good journalist you 're already there ; you should be able to anticipate ahead that there might be an invasion on .
if you are a good journalist you 're already there ; you should be able to [expect/wait for] ahead that there might be an invasion on .

There is no final version which they anticipate , and in this respect Federman draws attention to the technology of the text .
there is no final version which they [expect/wait for] , and in this respect federman draws attention to the technology of the text .

Current projections anticipate :
current projections [expect/wait for] :

Project Video is provisionally scheduled for publication in September 1989 and we anticipate sales over the first three years to be in the region of 2,000 cassettes .
project video is provisionally scheduled for publication in september 1989 and we [expect/wait for] sales over the first three years to be in the region of 2,000 cassettes .

We would anticipate using between 30 and 60 seconds of each song .
we would [expect/wait for] using between 30 and 60 seconds of each song .

Project Video is provisionally scheduled for publication in September 1989 and we anticipate sales over the first three years to be in the region of 2,000 cassettes .
project video is provisionally scheduled for publication in september 1989 and we [expect/wait for] sales over the first three years to be in the region of 2,000 cassettes .

We would anticipate using between 30 and 60 seconds of each song .
we would [expect/wait for] using between 30 and 60 seconds of each song .

Project Video is provisionally scheduled for publication in September 1989 and we anticipate sales over the first three years to be in the region of 2,000 cassettes .
project video is provisionally scheduled for publication in september 1989 and we [expect/wait for] sales over the first three years to be in the region of 2,000 cassettes .

We would anticipate using between 30 and 60 seconds of each song .
we would [expect/wait for] using between 30 and 60 seconds of each song .

Project Video is provisionally scheduled for publication in September 1989 and we anticipate sales over the first three years to be in the region of 2,000 cassettes .
project video is provisionally scheduled for publication in september 1989 and we [expect/wait for] sales over the first three years to be in the region of 2,000 cassettes .

We would anticipate using between 30 and 60 seconds of each song .
we would [expect/wait for] using between 30 and 60 seconds of each song .

Project Video is provisionally scheduled for publication in September 1989 and we anticipate sales over the first three years to be in the region of 2,000 cassettes .
project video is provisionally scheduled for publication in september 1989 and we [expect/wait for] sales over the first three years to be in the region of 2,000 cassettes .

We would anticipate using between 30 and 60 seconds of the song .
we would [expect/wait for] using between 30 and 60 seconds of the song .

Project Video is provisionally scheduled for publication in September 1989 and we anticipate sales over the first three years to be in the region of 2,000 cassettes .
project video is provisionally scheduled for publication in september 1989 and we [expect/wait for] sales over the first three years to be in the region of 2,000 cassettes .

We would anticipate using between 30 and 60 seconds of the song .
we would [expect/wait for] using between 30 and 60 seconds of the song .

Project Video is provisionally scheduled for publication in September 1989 and we anticipate sales over the first three years to be in the region of 2,000 cassettes .
project video is provisionally scheduled for publication in september 1989 and we [expect/wait for] sales over the first three years to be in the region of 2,000 cassettes .

We would anticipate using between 30 and 60 seconds of the song .
we would [expect/wait for] using between 30 and 60 seconds of the song .

Project Video is provisionally scheduled for publication in September 1989 and we anticipate sales over the first three years to be in the region of 2,000 cassettes .
project video is provisionally scheduled for publication in september 1989 and we [expect/wait for] sales over the first three years to be in the region of 2,000 cassettes .

We would anticipate using between 30 and 60 seconds of the song .
we would [expect/wait for] using between 30 and 60 seconds of the song .

Brittany Ferries ‘ do not anticipate any long-term effect on our business ’ ; ‘ not a major threat , ’ asserts Sally Line .
brittany ferries ‘ do not [expect/wait for] any long-term effect on our business ’ ; ‘ not a major threat , ’ asserts sally line .

It was , Mr Furbank comments , ‘ the inspiration of some of his most original and powerful writing ’ : the novels , Rameau 's Nephew and Jacques the Fatalist , neither published in his own lifetime ; also his art criticism , which seems to me to anticipate Proust .
it was , mr furbank comments , ‘ the inspiration of some of his most original and powerful writing ’ : the novels , rameau 's nephew and jacques the fatalist , neither published in his own lifetime ; also his art criticism , which seems to me to [expect/wait for] proust .

You 'll need grout too , plus a tile cutter , preferably heavy-duty type , especially if using quarry tiles ( Vitrex makes one which will cut wall and floor tiles ) ; and it 's worth investing in a tile file or saw if you anticipate a lot of fiddly cutting round pipes and similar obstacles , and a tile gauge if you have any really awkward shapes to tile around .
you 'll need grout too , plus a tile cutter , preferably heavy-duty type , especially if using quarry tiles ( vitrex makes one which will cut wall and floor tiles ) ; and it 's worth investing in a tile file or saw if you [expect/wait for] a lot of fiddly cutting round pipes and similar obstacles , and a tile gauge if you have any really awkward shapes to tile around .

He could not anticipate — that his work would be put to an entirely different use , let alone tell a story .
he could not [expect/wait for] — that his work would be put to an entirely different use , let alone tell a story .

The changes also anticipate many of the demands which were expected to be made at opposition rallies tomorrow in Sofia and the provinces where calls are expected for the resignation of many of the figures ousted yesterday .
the changes also [expect/wait for] many of the demands which were expected to be made at opposition rallies tomorrow in sofia and the provinces where calls are expected for the resignation of many of the figures ousted yesterday .

Investors may have to wait longer than they anticipate before enjoying maximum premiums .
investors may have to wait longer than they [expect/wait for] before enjoying maximum premiums .

To friends and lovers he always made it clear that he was a Jew , perhaps to anticipate and reject the rebuff .
to friends and lovers he always made it clear that he was a jew , perhaps to [expect/wait for] and reject the rebuff .

do you anticipate further loans and/or an overdraft ? If so , over what period ?
do you [expect/wait for] further loans and/or an overdraft ? if so , over what period ?

Two-thirds of respondents anticipate no change in planned adspend for 1992 , and none of the more optimistic forecast more than a slight increase .
two-thirds of respondents [expect/wait for] no change in planned adspend for 1992 , and none of the more optimistic forecast more than a slight increase .

While a mere three per cent said budgets would increase a lot , the rest anticipate no change or are still unsure .
while a mere three per cent said budgets would increase a lot , the rest [expect/wait for] no change or are still unsure .

Other operators Owners Abroad and Airtours confirm they anticipate a more buoyant market post-election .
other operators owners abroad and airtours confirm they [expect/wait for] a more buoyant market post-election .

Efforts were made to anticipate religious sensibilities .
efforts were made to [expect/wait for] religious sensibilities .

Of course , it is normally quite impossible for all economic agents to anticipate fully the annual rise in the general price level .
of course , it is normally quite impossible for all economic agents to [expect/wait for] fully the annual rise in the general price level .

This sort of awareness of the children 's requirements is a key role for the teacher in most activities as she tries to anticipate and provide for the next stage in each child 's development .
this sort of awareness of the children 's requirements is a key role for the teacher in most activities as she tries to [expect/wait for] and provide for the next stage in each child 's development .

Nothing could be more deadly than to be able to anticipate every move our partner will make .
nothing could be more deadly than to be able to [expect/wait for] every move our partner will make .

Should a marriage partner be embarrassed or ashamed because he/she finds delight in his/her partner ? Is it proper to be excited about , to anticipate and enjoy sexual relations with one 's spouse ?
should a marriage partner be embarrassed or ashamed because he/she finds delight in his/her partner ? is it proper to be excited about , to [expect/wait for] and enjoy sexual relations with one 's spouse ?

Do you have any anxiety as you anticipate sexual relations ?
do you have any anxiety as you [expect/wait for] sexual relations ?

Prices rocketed to anticipate the devaluation and speculation was rife .
prices rocketed to [expect/wait for] the devaluation and speculation was rife .

Mink are a growing problem and we can not quite anticipate the effect they will have on the rabbit population .
mink are a growing problem and we can not quite [expect/wait for] the effect they will have on the rabbit population .

It is amazing what an acutely exciting feeling is engendered when you know , or anticipate , that the carp are only a few short yards from where you sit .
it is amazing what an acutely exciting feeling is engendered when you know , or [expect/wait for] , that the carp are only a few short yards from where you sit .

One could anticipate far more poisons being put down , and such activities must have a detrimental effect on the environment .
one could [expect/wait for] far more poisons being put down , and such activities must have a detrimental effect on the environment .

You need , therefore , to anticipate both when your job might finish and how that might happen .
you need , therefore , to [expect/wait for] both when your job might finish and how that might happen .

Hypertension and hypercholesterolaemia are common accompaniments of diabetes and it is not illogical to anticipate similar benefits if these atherogenic factors are dealt with effectively in the diabetic patient .
hypertension and hypercholesterolaemia are common accompaniments of diabetes and it is not illogical to [expect/wait for] similar benefits if these atherogenic factors are dealt with effectively in the diabetic patient .

The formula has no necessary role in the will , but is employed simply to anticipate any difficulty which may arise .
the formula has no necessary role in the will , but is employed simply to [expect/wait for] any difficulty which may arise .

The only difficulty that arises is that there are several texts of Scaevola which seem to anticipate the interpretation of a pecuniary modus as a trust .
the only difficulty that arises is that there are several texts of scaevola which seem to [expect/wait for] the interpretation of a pecuniary modus as a trust .

Learn to recognize the signs and anticipate situations that will make you tense , anxious or uptight .
learn to recognize the signs and [expect/wait for] situations that will make you tense , anxious or uptight .

Since we anticipate strong demand for this new product range we recommend you to place your first order as soon as possible .
since we [expect/wait for] strong demand for this new product range we recommend you to place your first order as soon as possible .

Equally it seems nonsense to anticipate the recording of that volume and complexity of assessment for each child during lesson time .
equally it seems nonsense to [expect/wait for] the recording of that volume and complexity of assessment for each child during lesson time .

Nonetheless , they have to be negotiated ; and the schools that do this best are likely to be the ones that anticipate most realistically and plan most effectively .
nonetheless , they have to be negotiated ; and the schools that do this best are likely to be the ones that [expect/wait for] most realistically and plan most effectively .

like to anticipate probable difficulties and be prepared for them
like to [expect/wait for] probable difficulties and be prepared for them

The caretaker has had to learn to cost items , control his stock ( in a specially provided store area ) , to anticipate demands and monitor the building in a variety of different ways .
the caretaker has had to learn to cost items , control his stock ( in a specially provided store area ) , to [expect/wait for] demands and monitor the building in a variety of different ways .

Only the owner was excluded from the common knowledge at Kempton that day : that her horse had been wrestled into second place by an apprentice who could n't anticipate the obvious .
only the owner was excluded from the common knowledge at kempton that day : that her horse had been wrestled into second place by an apprentice who could n't [expect/wait for] the obvious .

Males compete mainly , say Packer and Pusey , by trying to anticipate oestrous in a female to be the first to consort with her .
males compete mainly , say packer and pusey , by trying to [expect/wait for] oestrous in a female to be the first to consort with her .

‘ We will be trying to anticipate the needs of industry some five to 15 years down the road , ’ asserts David Shirley , Lawrence Berkeley 's director .
‘ we will be trying to [expect/wait for] the needs of industry some five to 15 years down the road , ’ asserts david shirley , lawrence berkeley 's director .

This policy has many advantages : It makes it possible to concentrate development and testing work on key points affecting safety , reliability , protection from radiation , and improved capacity ; Thanks to the large orders for identical equipment , the industry can anticipate its work load long in advance , equip itself accordingly , and schedule its fabrication work in the most economical manner ; Construction times are short ( now only five years for a 900-MWe unit ) because the working drawings are identical and a defective item of equipment can be replaced promptly ; And finally , standardisation makes it easier to train the operating personnel and reduces maintenance problems .
this policy has many advantages : it makes it possible to concentrate development and testing work on key points affecting safety , reliability , protection from radiation , and improved capacity ; thanks to the large orders for identical equipment , the industry can [expect/wait for] its work load long in advance , equip itself accordingly , and schedule its fabrication work in the most economical manner ; construction times are short ( now only five years for a 900-mwe unit ) because the working drawings are identical and a defective item of equipment can be replaced promptly ; and finally , standardisation makes it easier to train the operating personnel and reduces maintenance problems .

If we here abandon the time-sequence of his life and anticipate his later work we should also see that an idea or hypothesis was often involved in some of his work , being followed by experiment involving accurate measurement to verify or deny the hypothesis .
if we here abandon the time-sequence of his life and [expect/wait for] his later work we should also see that an idea or hypothesis was often involved in some of his work , being followed by experiment involving accurate measurement to verify or deny the hypothesis .

The pioneer of bee research Karl von Frisch recalls ( and we have observed ) instances in which the trained foragers began to anticipate subsequent moves and to wait for the feeder at the presumptive new location .
the pioneer of bee research karl von frisch recalls ( and we have observed ) instances in which the trained foragers began to [expect/wait for] subsequent moves and to wait for the feeder at the presumptive new location .

It is not easy to imagine anything in the behaviour of natural flowers for which evolution could conceivably have needed to program bees to anticipate regular changes in distance .
it is not easy to imagine anything in the behaviour of natural flowers for which evolution could conceivably have needed to program bees to [expect/wait for] regular changes in distance .

To be successful the direction-shifts of the fleeing animal must be irregular so that the predator can not anticipate either when or in which direction the next change of course will be .
to be successful the direction-shifts of the fleeing animal must be irregular so that the predator can not [expect/wait for] either when or in which direction the next change of course will be .

Anticipate problems .
[expect/wait for] problems .

In the current climate of change and innovation , education must anticipate and supply professional skills even before their need is perceived by the profession .
in the current climate of change and innovation , education must [expect/wait for] and supply professional skills even before their need is perceived by the profession .

If the detailed work programme is initially prepared with due thought and consideration , it will be possible to anticipate certain key points within the programme .
if the detailed work programme is initially prepared with due thought and consideration , it will be possible to [expect/wait for] certain key points within the programme .

Failure to anticipate changes in income levels and bidding requirements is a far more common cause of financial difficulty in practices than serious overspending .
failure to [expect/wait for] changes in income levels and bidding requirements is a far more common cause of financial difficulty in practices than serious overspending .

The first is to anticipate the claim and then to keep a detailed record of events and information which will be useful when reaching a decision .
the first is to [expect/wait for] the claim and then to keep a detailed record of events and information which will be useful when reaching a decision .

Understand and anticipate competitor moves
understand and [expect/wait for] competitor moves

However , this is not watertight ; human beings can anticipate and respond to future events before they occur .
however , this is not watertight ; human beings can [expect/wait for] and respond to future events before they occur .

Study , explore and anticipate social change affecting the global environment ;
study , explore and [expect/wait for] social change affecting the global environment ;

For geographers — who span the conventional ( and now archaic ) dichotomy between the natural and the environmental sciences — all of these aspects need to be woven together to anticipate the likely spatial patterns of the effects of massive change , the redistributions in trade , health and wealth which they will bring about and the ‘ knock on ’ effects these consequences themselves will have on society and the environment .
for geographers — who span the conventional ( and now archaic ) dichotomy between the natural and the environmental sciences — all of these aspects need to be woven together to [expect/wait for] the likely spatial patterns of the effects of massive change , the redistributions in trade , health and wealth which they will bring about and the ‘ knock on ’ effects these consequences themselves will have on society and the environment .

Children with a good grasp of mental life can detect the likely inner causes of another person ’ s behavior and use that information to anticipate what that person might do next .
children with a good grasp of mental life can detect the likely inner causes of another person ’ s behavior and use that information to [expect/wait for] what that person might do next .

Being able to anticipate story organization eases the task of making sense of written prose .
being able to [expect/wait for] story organization eases the task of making sense of written prose .

Philip Sheridan ’ s destruction of the Shenandoah crops , William Tecumseh Sherman ’ s conquest of Atlanta , and then his march to the Atlantic all anticipate the terror that became commonplace some eighty years later in the bombings of Hiroshima and Dresden .
philip sheridan ’ s destruction of the shenandoah crops , william tecumseh sherman ’ s conquest of atlanta , and then his march to the atlantic all [expect/wait for] the terror that became commonplace some eighty years later in the bombings of hiroshima and dresden .

Unpacking its implications reveals much that I did not remotely anticipate .
unpacking its implications reveals much that i did not remotely [expect/wait for] .

Because of lower interest rates , foundation officials anticipate having only $ 3.3 million in that fund next year .
because of lower interest rates , foundation officials [expect/wait for] having only $ 3.3 million in that fund next year .

Some are generic in nature and are intended to help people anticipate and cope with change and ensure that every person in the organization understands the need for change .
some are generic in nature and are intended to help people [expect/wait for] and cope with change and ensure that every person in the organization understands the need for change .

That Further Notice does anticipate an information collection and invites comments from the general public and the Office of Management and Budget .
that further notice does [expect/wait for] an information collection and invites comments from the general public and the office of management and budget .

We anticipate this revision of the standards , when finalized , will become effective for financial audits of periods ending on or after January 1 , 2003 , and for attestation engagements and performance audits beginning on or after January 1 , 2003 .
we [expect/wait for] this revision of the standards , when finalized , will become effective for financial audits of periods ending on or after january 1 , 2003 , and for attestation engagements and performance audits beginning on or after january 1 , 2003 .

If a summary is used , it generally should focus on the specific answers to the questions in the audit objectives , summarize the audit 's most significant findings and the report 's principal conclusions , and prepare users to anticipate the major recommendations .
if a summary is used , it generally should focus on the specific answers to the questions in the audit objectives , summarize the audit 's most significant findings and the report 's principal conclusions , and prepare users to [expect/wait for] the major recommendations .

From a longterm historical viewpoint , requests for GAO 's services have never been higher , and we anticipate that this historic growth will continue as the Congress grapples with increasingly complex and contentious issues requiring greater contextual sophistication .
from a longterm historical viewpoint , requests for gao 's services have never been higher , and we [expect/wait for] that this historic growth will continue as the congress grapples with increasingly complex and contentious issues requiring greater contextual sophistication .

Objectives , Scope , and Methodology Our overall objective was to identify information-sharing practices that federal organizations and others can adopt to improve their ability to understand , anticipate , and address computer-based vulnerabilities and incidents .
objectives , scope , and methodology our overall objective was to identify information-sharing practices that federal organizations and others can adopt to improve their ability to understand , [expect/wait for] , and address computer-based vulnerabilities and incidents .

ACTION PLANNING Participants drew up an action-plan that could bring about their vision and in the context of what they anticipate the future will hold in terms of issues , funding and staff .
action planning participants drew up an action-plan that could bring about their vision and in the context of what they [expect/wait for] the future will hold in terms of issues , funding and staff .

Compensation structures in legal services programs anticipate long-term tenure and include pension plans , flexible schedules and benefits that reward longevity .
compensation structures in legal services programs [expect/wait for] long-term tenure and include pension plans , flexible schedules and benefits that reward longevity .

As the Court explains , if LSC-funded lawyers anticipate that a forbidden claim will arise in a prospective client 's suit , they `` may not undertake [ the ] representation , '' ante , at 9 .
as the court explains , if lsc-funded lawyers [expect/wait for] that a forbidden claim will arise in a prospective client 's suit , they `` may not undertake [ the ] representation , '' ante , at 9 .

This session focused on how programs should complete grant applications , and the new grant application requirements for applicants which anticipate sub-granting part of the LSC grant during the grant year .
this session focused on how programs should complete grant applications , and the new grant application requirements for applicants which [expect/wait for] sub-granting part of the lsc grant during the grant year .

We anticipate that the module will increase commitment to building a multi-culturally competent staff and services that reflect the diverse backgrounds of client communities by engaging boards in candid conversations and exercises on fostering inclusion , cultivating new leadership , and expanding diversity parameters in their programs .
we [expect/wait for] that the module will increase commitment to building a multi-culturally competent staff and services that reflect the diverse backgrounds of client communities by engaging boards in candid conversations and exercises on fostering inclusion , cultivating new leadership , and expanding diversity parameters in their programs .

It will take longer than you anticipate .
it will take longer than you [expect/wait for] .

Since states now know that EPA has authority to address transport pollution through responses to 126 petitions or by issuing a rule like the NOx SIP Call , we anticipate that states will be turning to these types of control approaches early in the SIP process .
since states now know that epa has authority to address transport pollution through responses to 126 petitions or by issuing a rule like the nox sip call , we [expect/wait for] that states will be turning to these types of control approaches early in the sip process .

In the sections that follow , we discuss in greater detail the basis for generating WTP for premature mortality risk reductions and WTP for reductions in the risk of contracting chronic bronchitis and the basis for making adjustments to unit values to make them more applicable to the air pollution reductions we anticipate from the Clear Skies Act .
in the sections that follow , we discuss in greater detail the basis for generating wtp for premature mortality risk reductions and wtp for reductions in the risk of contracting chronic bronchitis and the basis for making adjustments to unit values to make them more applicable to the air pollution reductions we [expect/wait for] from the clear skies act .

In this effort , we would anticipate focusing on the most significant postal destinations among the DCs rather than trying to analyze each and every destinating DC .
in this effort , we would [expect/wait for] focusing on the most significant postal destinations among the dcs rather than trying to analyze each and every destinating dc .

While the current technology is already highly accurate , we anticipate further improvements with hardware and software advances .
while the current technology is already highly accurate , we [expect/wait for] further improvements with hardware and software advances .

Once AEV is achieved , there will be no going back : rejuvenation research will be intense forever thereafter and will anticipate and remedy the life-threatening degenerative changes appearing at newly achieved ages with ever-increasing efficacy and lead time .
once aev is achieved , there will be no going back : rejuvenation research will be intense forever thereafter and will [expect/wait for] and remedy the life-threatening degenerative changes appearing at newly achieved ages with ever-increasing efficacy and lead time .

Like many other global disease experts who witnessed dramatic reductions in malaria prevalence as a result of DDT spraying during the late 1950s [ 2 ] , Stoll did not anticipate malaria 's imminent re-emergence in India .
like many other global disease experts who witnessed dramatic reductions in malaria prevalence as a result of ddt spraying during the late 1950s [ 2 ] , stoll did not [expect/wait for] malaria 's imminent re-emergence in india .

December 1 , 1993 Dear : Birthdays are a time for celebration - a time to reflect on the past and anticipate the future .
december 1 , 1993 dear : birthdays are a time for celebration - a time to reflect on the past and [expect/wait for] the future .

Special Opportunities No organization can anticipate every opportunity that may become available during its next budget cycle .
special opportunities no organization can [expect/wait for] every opportunity that may become available during its next budget cycle .

This is running on , but to anticipate you , or any reader : Can I return to John Gardner 's question and give one prediction about the next century ?
this is running on , but to [expect/wait for] you , or any reader : can i return to john gardner 's question and give one prediction about the next century ?

AIDS health care costs huge amounts ( even with health benefits caps ) ; young people who could be promoted are dying ; the supply of workers and specialists is depleted ; and in some hard-hit areas , government agencies are downsizing because they anticipate a lack of personnel .
aids health care costs huge amounts ( even with health benefits caps ) ; young people who could be promoted are dying ; the supply of workers and specialists is depleted ; and in some hard-hit areas , government agencies are downsizing because they [expect/wait for] a lack of personnel .

The paper says U.S. diplomats do n't anticipate much trouble in gaining congressional approval .
the paper says u.s. diplomats do n't [expect/wait for] much trouble in gaining congressional approval .

Looking ahead , we can anticipate the next frontier of hubris .
looking ahead , we can [expect/wait for] the next frontier of hubris .

These days , top law students can anticipate being regarded as sharks even as other career options -- investment banking , Internet startups -- pass them by in glamour , prestige , and financial reward .
these days , top law students can [expect/wait for] being regarded as sharks even as other career options -- investment banking , internet startups -- pass them by in glamour , prestige , and financial reward .

The tragedy is that you never even get to anticipate spending your money , because you 're smart enough to foresee the whole sequence of events even before it unfolds .
the tragedy is that you never even get to [expect/wait for] spending your money , because you 're smart enough to foresee the whole sequence of events even before it unfolds .

Instead of looking forward to extravagance , he likes to anticipate his own future frugality .
instead of looking forward to extravagance , he likes to [expect/wait for] his own future frugality .

Scientists theorize that our brains anticipate and discount sensation we cause ourselves .
scientists theorize that our brains [expect/wait for] and discount sensation we cause ourselves .

Down the road , we anticipate even more advanced `` push '' features .
down the road , we [expect/wait for] even more advanced `` push '' features .

This is a prospect all America should anticipate with glee .
this is a prospect all america should [expect/wait for] with glee .

The WSJ states that a special government report to be released next week will criticize the CIA 's failure to anticipate India 's atomic tests .
the wsj states that a special government report to be released next week will criticize the cia 's failure to [expect/wait for] india 's atomic tests .

That inquiry into the failure of U.S. intelligence to anticipate India 's nuclear tests , first tipped last week by the Wall Street Journal , has materialized on the front at USAT and the NYT , and inside at the WP .
that inquiry into the failure of u.s. intelligence to [expect/wait for] india 's nuclear tests , first tipped last week by the wall street journal , has materialized on the front at usat and the nyt , and inside at the wp .

Anticipate problems and possible solutions .
[expect/wait for] problems and possible solutions .

He appears to anticipate , and resent , our patronizing spying .
he appears to [expect/wait for] , and resent , our patronizing spying .

Since oil prices are prospective , the markets do not anticipate a global slowdown any time soon .
since oil prices are prospective , the markets do not [expect/wait for] a global slowdown any time soon .

Anyone may fall upon hard times , and most people anticipate being around long enough to benefit from nationalized health care for the elderly .
anyone may fall upon hard times , and most people [expect/wait for] being around long enough to benefit from nationalized health care for the elderly .

Many of his forays `` beyond impressionism , '' as the curators point out , anticipate some of the titans of 20 th -century art .
many of his forays `` beyond impressionism , '' as the curators point out , [expect/wait for] some of the titans of 20 th -century art .

Her paintings and sculptures , with their use of body parts and food , anticipate the work of such current artists as Cindy Sherman and Kiki Smith ( Tony Smith 's daughter ) , but they failed to attract the financial and institutional backing Kusama needed .
her paintings and sculptures , with their use of body parts and food , [expect/wait for] the work of such current artists as cindy sherman and kiki smith ( tony smith 's daughter ) , but they failed to attract the financial and institutional backing kusama needed .

In other words , it 's easier to look at the reduced labor costs from cutting 4,400 jobs than to anticipate the potential chaos those cuts will bring .
in other words , it 's easier to look at the reduced labor costs from cutting 4,400 jobs than to [expect/wait for] the potential chaos those cuts will bring .

The president said he would n't , because he does n't anticipate any serious problems .
the president said he would n't , because he does n't [expect/wait for] any serious problems .

According to the Post , he will say that peace is `` within our reach '' and anticipate an agreement that will `` burst apart the sense of threat on both sides , do away with fear and suspicion , and burn out terror . ''
according to the post , he will say that peace is `` within our reach '' and [expect/wait for] an agreement that will `` burst apart the sense of threat on both sides , do away with fear and suspicion , and burn out terror . ''

University officials anticipate $ 20 million in revenues just in the next five years .
university officials [expect/wait for] $ 20 million in revenues just in the next five years .

The West neglected to anticipate the refugee crisis , and the subsequent dispersal of homeless Kosovars across the already shaky Balkan region could cause `` a potential collapse of terrifying proportions . ''
the west neglected to [expect/wait for] the refugee crisis , and the subsequent dispersal of homeless kosovars across the already shaky balkan region could cause `` a potential collapse of terrifying proportions . ''

`` We anticipate that our financial results ... will continue to significantly depend on revenues from a small number '' of advertisers .
`` we [expect/wait for] that our financial results ... will continue to significantly depend on revenues from a small number '' of advertisers .

Many on both sides anticipate that the Democratic primary of 2000 will be a showdown , with Dick Gephardt representing the old Dems and Al Gore standing in for the new .
many on both sides [expect/wait for] that the democratic primary of 2000 will be a showdown , with dick gephardt representing the old dems and al gore standing in for the new .

We anticipate accidents at stock car races .
we [expect/wait for] accidents at stock car races .

The important thing is the notion of thoroughness : the indexer must try to anticipate and provide for a variety of users ' needs in an index ; users do not seek the same sort of information , and the effort must be made to imagine the uses to which a particular work will be put , then to provide the users with as many access points to the information as can reasonably be expected .
the important thing is the notion of thoroughness : the indexer must try to [expect/wait for] and provide for a variety of users ' needs in an index ; users do not seek the same sort of information , and the effort must be made to imagine the uses to which a particular work will be put , then to provide the users with as many access points to the information as can reasonably be expected .

Publishers ought to learn that they can not always anticipate the needs of users of books and that indexes are almost invariably an aid in finding things .
publishers ought to learn that they can not always [expect/wait for] the needs of users of books and that indexes are almost invariably an aid in finding things .

In the long run , however , dictionary reviews probably serve no function : in the face of the relatively overwhelming funds at the disposal of some publishers to promote their books , reviews fail to dissuade people from buying bad dictionaries ; such a small percentage of the dictionary-buying public attend to reviews that their effect is slight even when favourable ; finally , the value of a dictionary to an individual can be tested only over long use , which even the wisest reviewer can not anticipate .
in the long run , however , dictionary reviews probably serve no function : in the face of the relatively overwhelming funds at the disposal of some publishers to promote their books , reviews fail to dissuade people from buying bad dictionaries ; such a small percentage of the dictionary-buying public attend to reviews that their effect is slight even when favourable ; finally , the value of a dictionary to an individual can be tested only over long use , which even the wisest reviewer can not [expect/wait for] .

I can anticipate a letter from the descendants of the American linguist George Philip Krapp enjoining me from using the word that sounds like his name on pain of a suit for slander . )
i can [expect/wait for] a letter from the descendants of the american linguist george philip krapp enjoining me from using the word that sounds like his name on pain of a suit for slander . )

The main problem with them is that they rely on the compiler 's ability to anticipate with some accuracy the associative contextual framework of the user .
the main problem with them is that they rely on the compiler 's ability to [expect/wait for] with some accuracy the associative contextual framework of the user .

Within the relatively limited amount of information a bound volume of 320 pages can provide , it would be difficult to anticipate the user 's mind set with sufficient allowance for elaboration .
within the relatively limited amount of information a bound volume of 320 pages can provide , it would be difficult to [expect/wait for] the user 's mind set with sufficient allowance for elaboration .

In Grambs 's book , the single-word synonyms work fairly well , but , as elsewhere , the system breaks down when trying to anticipate where a user ought to look to find a word : not everyone is likely to choose the same “ reverse ” concept .
in grambs 's book , the single-word synonyms work fairly well , but , as elsewhere , the system breaks down when trying to [expect/wait for] where a user ought to look to find a word : not everyone is likely to choose the same “ reverse ” concept .

This is our best defense against postmodern angst : To critically look at and anticipate the cultural and social changes spurred by the rapid development of technology ) .
this is our best defense against postmodern angst : to critically look at and [expect/wait for] the cultural and social changes spurred by the rapid development of technology ) .

