Insofar as its own governing documents are concerned , Emory University could now consider applications from prospective students , and others seeking applications from prospective students , and others seeking the opportunity to study or work at the university , irrespective of race , color or creed .
insofar as its own governing documents are concerned , emory university could now consider [suses] from prospective students , and others seeking [suses] from prospective students , and others seeking the opportunity to study or work at the university , irrespective of race , color or creed .

`` When and if it can do so without jeopardizing constitutional and statutory tax-exemption privileges essential to the maintenance of its educational program and facilities , Emory University will consider applications of persons desiring to study or work at the University without regard to race , color or creed , continuing university policy that all applications shall be considered on the basis of intellectual and moral standards and other criteria designed to assure the orderly and effective conduct of the university and the fulfillment of its mission as an institution of Christian higher education '' .
`` when and if it can do so without jeopardizing constitutional and statutory tax-exemption privileges essential to the maintenance of its educational program and facilities , emory university will consider [suses] of persons desiring to study or work at the university without regard to race , color or creed , continuing university policy that all [suses] shall be considered on the basis of intellectual and moral standards and other criteria designed to assure the orderly and effective conduct of the university and the fulfillment of its mission as an institution of christian higher education '' .

R. H. S. Crossman , M.P. , writing in The Manchester Guardian , states that departures from West Berlin are now running at the rate not of 700 , but of 1,700 a week , and applications to leave have risen to 1,900 a week .
r. h. s. crossman , m.p. , writing in the manchester guardian , states that departures from west berlin are now running at the rate not of 700 , but of 1,700 a week , and [suses] to leave have risen to 1,900 a week .

One effect of the spirited give-and-take of these discussions was to focus attention on practical applications and the necessity of being armed with the facts : knowledge of the destructive force of even the tiniest `` tactical '' atomic weapon would have a bearing on judgments as to the advisability of its use -- to defend Berlin , for example ; ;
one effect of the spirited give-and-take of these discussions was to focus attention on practical [suses] and the necessity of being armed with the facts : knowledge of the destructive force of even the tiniest `` tactical '' atomic weapon would have a bearing on judgments as to the advisability of its use -- to defend berlin , for example ; ;

`` Mr. Palmer will attend to any applications relating to bridges and if desired will view the proposed site , and lay out and superintend the work , or recommend a suitable person to execute it .
`` mr. palmer will attend to any [suses] relating to bridges and if desired will view the proposed site , and lay out and superintend the work , or recommend a suitable person to execute it .

The host of novel applications of electronics to medical problems is far more thrilling because of their implication in matters concerning our health and vitality .
the host of novel [suses] of electronics to medical problems is far more thrilling because of their implication in matters concerning our health and vitality .

Applications to organs other than the gastrointestinal tract are planned for future experiments .
[suses] to organs other than the gastrointestinal tract are planned for future experiments .

One of the most gratifying applications of an important technique of submarine detection is in the exploration of the human body .
one of the most gratifying [suses] of an important technique of submarine detection is in the exploration of the human body .

( Doctors now say that it was not the meat but the coolness of the applications which relieved the pain .
( doctors now say that it was not the meat but the coolness of the [suses] which relieved the pain .

In any case , anyone who fails to make significant distinction between primary and secondary applications of economic pressure would in principle already have justified that use of economic boycott as a means which broke out a few years ago or was skillfully organized by White Citizens' Councils in the entire state of Mississippi against every local Philco dealer in that state , in protest against a Philco-sponsored program over a national TV network on which was presented a drama showing , it seemed , a `` high yellow gal '' smooching with a white man .
in any case , anyone who fails to make significant distinction between primary and secondary [suses] of economic pressure would in principle already have justified that use of economic boycott as a means which broke out a few years ago or was skillfully organized by white citizens' councils in the entire state of mississippi against every local philco dealer in that state , in protest against a philco-sponsored program over a national tv network on which was presented a drama showing , it seemed , a `` high yellow gal '' smooching with a white man .

acquire secret processes , technical data , inventions , patent applications , patents , licenses , land and interests in land ( including water rights ) , plants and facilities , and other property or rights by purchase , license , lease , or donation ; ;
acquire secret processes , technical data , inventions , patent [suses] , patents , licenses , land and interests in land ( including water rights ) , plants and facilities , and other property or rights by purchase , license , lease , or donation ; ;

Such payments , and applications for such payments , shall be made in accordance with such regulations as the Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe .
such payments , and [suses] for such payments , shall be made in accordance with such regulations as the secretary of the treasury may prescribe .

Further research , we believe , will develop important commercial applications .
further research , we believe , will develop important commercial [suses] .

The Publications Board receives applications for the positions of editor and business manager and makes the appointments in the spring previous to the year of publication .
the publications board receives [suses] for the positions of editor and business manager and makes the appointments in the spring previous to the year of publication .

Informed estimates look for this market to approximately quadruple by the late 1960's , under the stimulus of new applications in the fields of banking and retailing , industrial process control , and information storage and retrieval .
informed estimates look for this market to approximately quadruple by the late 1960's , under the stimulus of new [suses] in the fields of banking and retailing , industrial process control , and information storage and retrieval .

and on continued growth in the applications of electronics to the complex problems of manufacturing and trade in the expanding but competitive economy of the 1960's .
and on continued growth in the [suses] of electronics to the complex problems of manufacturing and trade in the expanding but competitive economy of the 1960's .

It has been estimated that for applications on a megawatt scale costs might reach values in the neighborhood of 10 cents per kwhr for large-scale accelerators or for gamma radiation generated in a reactor core .
it has been estimated that for [suses] on a megawatt scale costs might reach values in the neighborhood of 10 cents per kwhr for large-scale accelerators or for gamma radiation generated in a reactor core .

another reports that a cellular polypropylene , primarily for use in wire coating applications , is being investigated .
another reports that a cellular polypropylene , primarily for use in wire coating [suses] , is being investigated .

On the following pages , each of the major commercial foamed plastics is described in detail , as to properties , applications , and methods of processing .
on the following pages , each of the major commercial foamed plastics is described in detail , as to properties , [suses] , and methods of processing .

New techniques for automatic molding of expandable styrene beads have helped boost that particular material into a number of new consumer applications , including picnic chests , beverage coolers , flower pots , and flotation-type swimming toys .
new techniques for automatic molding of expandable styrene beads have helped boost that particular material into a number of new consumer [suses] , including picnic chests , beverage coolers , flower pots , and flotation-type swimming toys .

These are still in wide use today , particularly in semi-rigid formulations , for such applications as cores for sandwich-type structural panels , foamed-in-place insulation , automotive safety padding , arm rests , etc. .
these are still in wide use today , particularly in semi-rigid formulations , for such [suses] as cores for sandwich-type structural panels , foamed-in-place insulation , automotive safety padding , arm rests , etc. .

Examples of such situations are ( aerial ) night reconnaissance , the recording of radioactive tracers in live body tissues , special radiography in medical or industrial applications , track recording of high energy particles , etc. .
examples of such situations are ( aerial ) night reconnaissance , the recording of radioactive tracers in live body tissues , special radiography in medical or industrial [suses] , track recording of high energy particles , etc. .

However , electrostatic focus , important for many applications , has not been realized for these devices .
however , electrostatic focus , important for many [suses] , has not been realized for these devices .

Sleek , swift and sophisticated ; the Jaguar supercar was snapped up when it was unveiled in 1989. 1,500 applications for a production run of just 350 .
sleek , swift and sophisticated ; the jaguar supercar was snapped up when it was unveiled in 1989. 1,500 [suses] for a production run of just 350 .

Applications have been flowing into the Manor Ground but no moves have yet been made .
[suses] have been flowing into the manor ground but no moves have yet been made .

At the Manor today it 's been all quiet … the postman has delivered more applications … the board will meet either Friday or Saturday to draw up a shortlist …
at the manor today it 's been all quiet … the postman has delivered more [suses] … the board will meet either friday or saturday to draw up a shortlist …

Applications have been flowing into the Manor Ground but no moves have yet been made .
[suses] have been flowing into the manor ground but no moves have yet been made .

At the Manor today it 's been all quiet … the postman has delivered more applications … the board will meet either Friday or Saturday to draw up a shortlist …
at the manor today it 's been all quiet … the postman has delivered more [suses] … the board will meet either friday or saturday to draw up a shortlist …

Around 30 good applications have been mailed and faxed to the Manor … the directors will decide on their shortlist over the weekend and then start interviewing …
around 30 good [suses] have been mailed and faxed to the manor … the directors will decide on their shortlist over the weekend and then start interviewing …

With no game this weekend the Manor Ground was closed for business … but the directors were working overtime in the boardroom … sorting through thirty applications for the manager 's job … they 've drawn up a shortlist … four men are being interviewed over the next couple of days … who are they … the club are keeping the names a secret … we reckon Chris Nicholl … the former Southampton manager is still in the running … so too is the former Sunderland and Bristol City chief Denis Smith … the fans favourite is Mark Lawrenson who was in charge of United for a short spell before he fell out with Maxwells and the fourth man … is a mystery … could be the dark horse the names of former England keeper Ray Clemence and one time Villa striker Peter Withe have been under discussion … all will be revealed later this week …
with no game this weekend the manor ground was closed for business … but the directors were working overtime in the boardroom … sorting through thirty [suses] for the manager 's job … they 've drawn up a shortlist … four men are being interviewed over the next couple of days … who are they … the club are keeping the names a secret … we reckon chris nicholl … the former southampton manager is still in the running … so too is the former sunderland and bristol city chief denis smith … the fans favourite is mark lawrenson who was in charge of united for a short spell before he fell out with maxwells and the fourth man … is a mystery … could be the dark horse the names of former england keeper ray clemence and one time villa striker peter withe have been under discussion … all will be revealed later this week …

At the busiest time of year for staff at P-Cas , the Polytechics Central Admission System at Cheltenham , in Gloucestershire , just as the A-level results are announced , staff have spotted bogus applications from dozens of West African students .
at the busiest time of year for staff at p-cas , the polytechics central admission system at cheltenham , in gloucestershire , just as the a-level results are announced , staff have spotted bogus [suses] from dozens of west african students .

More than 60 bogus applications have been found so far , mostly posted in Manchester and London .
more than 60 bogus [suses] have been found so far , mostly posted in manchester and london .

Its applications are endless .
its [suses] are endless .

And since October last year there 've been a series of applications at the High Court in London for the company to be wound up .
and since october last year there 've been a series of [suses] at the high court in london for the company to be wound up .

Thirty two thousand would-be undergraduates are checking their applications to university in case they 've been lost because of a computer fault .
thirty two thousand would-be undergraduates are checking their [suses] to university in case they 've been lost because of a computer fault .

But now they 've got got the additional worry of discovering that the applications they made to various universities and polytechnics back in October may never have been sent .
but now they 've got got the additional worry of discovering that the [suses] they made to various universities and polytechnics back in october may never have been sent .

All university applications have to be processed through this system .
all university [suses] have to be processed through this system .

The scheme is supported by the Workout Charity which will turn up once a week to helpwith applications and enquiries .
the scheme is supported by the workout charity which will turn up once a week to helpwith [suses] and enquiries .

Staff have held a one-day strike at the organisation which processes university applications .
staff have held a one-day strike at the organisation which processes university [suses] .

Besides everyone 's too busy dealing with the latest applications from thousands of people hoping to get a degree .
besides everyone 's too busy dealing with the latest [suses] from thousands of people hoping to get a degree .

The deadline for applications falls today .
the deadline for [suses] falls today .

This would allow room within a total budget increase of 2 per cent for new applications to be considered .
this would allow room within a total budget increase of 2 per cent for new [suses] to be considered .

He added that the alternative system suggested , through planning applications , would only need minor adjustment to planning requirements .
he added that the alternative system suggested , through planning [suses] , would only need minor adjustment to planning requirements .

He argued that greater emphasis needed to be placed on the practical applications of scientific work if Britain 's economic downturn were to be reversed .
he argued that greater emphasis needed to be placed on the practical [suses] of scientific work if britain 's economic downturn were to be reversed .

Employees who did n't bother even to acknowledge letters , CVs and applications , were particularly wounding .
employees who did n't bother even to acknowledge letters , cvs and [suses] , were particularly wounding .

Instead , priority will be given to developing and testing new products with civilian applications ranging from clean-fuel cars to fibre optics and supercomputer networks to improve communications and information access .
instead , priority will be given to developing and testing new products with civilian [suses] ranging from clean-fuel cars to fibre optics and supercomputer networks to improve communications and information access .

In fact St Andrew 's House will act as a kind of brokerage for grant applications .
in fact st andrew 's house will act as a kind of brokerage for grant [suses] .

But the attitude of women content to stay in their middle-level comfort zones came in for a lot too — not only from a male chief executive who had seen one of his recruits retreat from the fast track , but from senior female executives as well who felt women ‘ should take their share of responsibility for low applications for senior jobs .
but the attitude of women content to stay in their middle-level comfort zones came in for a lot too — not only from a male chief executive who had seen one of his recruits retreat from the fast track , but from senior female executives as well who felt women ‘ should take their share of responsibility for low [suses] for senior jobs .

In the year to July 1992 , Glasgow generated £38 million of income through research grants and business contracts , including 25 new patent applications and six new licensing agreements .
in the year to july 1992 , glasgow generated £38 million of income through research grants and business contracts , including 25 new patent [suses] and six new licensing agreements .

Six separate organisations and companies , including Aberdeen University and the National Hyperbaric Centre , are collaborating in the study , which is part of the Eureka programme , a European Community project to investigate various industrial applications of laser technology .
six separate organisations and companies , including aberdeen university and the national hyperbaric centre , are collaborating in the study , which is part of the eureka programme , a european community project to investigate various industrial [suses] of laser technology .

In Darlington applications have been sent to scores of businesses which are subject to regular environmental health checks .
in darlington [suses] have been sent to scores of businesses which are subject to regular environmental health checks .

The applications , which are likely to be approved , involve changing the use from a restaurant to a pub , including a flat on the first floor , and changing the use of a former restaurant to offices .
the [suses] , which are likely to be approved , involve changing the use from a restaurant to a pub , including a flat on the first floor , and changing the use of a former restaurant to offices .

Brewery leases are proving extremely popular , according to agent Christie & Co It has revealed around 850 applications for new leases over the last two months and according to Paul Newman of the company 's leasing division ‘ unlike other business sectors there is a strong demand for them .
brewery leases are proving extremely popular , according to agent christie & co it has revealed around 850 [suses] for new leases over the last two months and according to paul newman of the company 's leasing division ‘ unlike other business sectors there is a strong demand for them .

Planning applications :
planning [suses] :

Planning applications :
planning [suses] :

Archaeological digs by a team from Newcastle University failed to find any remains of interest in the area to be developed , yesterday 's planning applications sub-committee was told .
archaeological digs by a team from newcastle university failed to find any remains of interest in the area to be developed , yesterday 's planning [suses] sub-committee was told .

But the latest in a succession of applications to turn Oxmoor Farm at Heighington into a hotel and restaurant was refused .
but the latest in a succession of [suses] to turn oxmoor farm at heighington into a hotel and restaurant was refused .

Schooners Restaurant , in Bondgate , has been the subject of planning applications since 1989 when the restaurant closed .
schooners restaurant , in bondgate , has been the subject of planning [suses] since 1989 when the restaurant closed .

Two applications for the building fronting on to Bondgate one for a pub and first floor flat and the other for offices were submitted .
two [suses] for the building fronting on to bondgate one for a pub and first floor flat and the other for offices were submitted .

On Wednesday members of the planning applications sub-committee seem certain to approve the work on the 200 yard strip of land which has lain derelict for years .
on wednesday members of the planning [suses] sub-committee seem certain to approve the work on the 200 yard strip of land which has lain derelict for years .

On Wednesday members of the planning applications subcommittee seem certain to approve the work on the 200 yard strip of land which has lain derelict for years .
on wednesday members of the planning [suses] subcommittee seem certain to approve the work on the 200 yard strip of land which has lain derelict for years .

Darlington Borough Council spent six months preparing the brochure which Coun David Lyonette , development and planning applications subcommittee chairman , hopes will increase the number of visitors by 25pc over the next 18 months .
darlington borough council spent six months preparing the brochure which coun david lyonette , development and planning [suses] subcommittee chairman , hopes will increase the number of visitors by 25pc over the next 18 months .

The Government also wants to make it easier for people to obtain a drinks licence and to water down the power of licensing magistrates , who currently have absolute discretion to refuse applications , often without giving a reason .
the government also wants to make it easier for people to obtain a drinks licence and to water down the power of licensing magistrates , who currently have absolute discretion to refuse [suses] , often without giving a reason .

Now an appeal has gone out for more than 100 of the former workers to lodge applications for payment , no matter the circumstances of their claim .
now an appeal has gone out for more than 100 of the former workers to lodge [suses] for payment , no matter the circumstances of their claim .

The Ministry of Agriculture reports that passport applications have already topped the quarter-of-a-million mark but stresses that that does not mean that cattle for which a premium claim has been made will be sold immediately .
the ministry of agriculture reports that passport [suses] have already topped the quarter-of-a-million mark but stresses that that does not mean that cattle for which a premium claim has been made will be sold immediately .

At the end of the first week in March , 260,000 applications had gone through .
at the end of the first week in march , 260,000 [suses] had gone through .

However , auctioneers believe that most of the applications will be for eight to ten-month-old store cattle .
however , auctioneers believe that most of the [suses] will be for eight to ten-month-old store cattle .

But Mr Thomas said customer deposits had risen 13 per cent in 1992 , compared with a more normal growth of 4 to 5 per cent while there had been ‘ an enormous increase ’ in applications for the Co-op Bank 's ‘ free-for-life ’ gold credit card .
but mr thomas said customer deposits had risen 13 per cent in 1992 , compared with a more normal growth of 4 to 5 per cent while there had been ‘ an enormous increase ’ in [suses] for the co-op bank 's ‘ free-for-life ’ gold credit card .

‘ But even farmers who are buying or leasing quota to cover applications they have already made must have the ewes on their farms and have complied with all the conditions of the retention period , ’ Whitehall cautioned .
‘ but even farmers who are buying or leasing quota to cover [suses] they have already made must have the ewes on their farms and have complied with all the conditions of the retention period , ’ whitehall cautioned .

This includes multiple applications , applications for non-existent children , thefts of giro cheques and benefit books , and unemployment claims by persons in undeclared whole-time or part-time employment .
this includes multiple [suses] , [suses] for non-existent children , thefts of giro cheques and benefit books , and unemployment claims by persons in undeclared whole-time or part-time employment .

Applications for consent will continue to be considered on their merits against this background .
[suses] for consent will continue to be considered on their merits against this background .

Claiming that the full impact of the transitional proposals had not been fully appreciated , Mr Gourlay said : ‘ If these changes are implemented , several of our members will have to reconsider their obligations under existing licences and their applications under the 14th round . ’
claiming that the full impact of the transitional proposals had not been fully appreciated , mr gourlay said : ‘ if these changes are implemented , several of our members will have to reconsider their obligations under existing licences and their [suses] under the 14th round . ’

It could allow only 800 posts to be filled out of more than 1,700 applications nationwide .
it could allow only 800 posts to be filled out of more than 1,700 [suses] nationwide .

Yesterday 's meeting of the borough planning applications sub-committee approved plans for the 48 hectare golf course subject to certain legally binding conditions .
yesterday 's meeting of the borough planning [suses] sub-committee approved plans for the 48 hectare golf course subject to certain legally binding conditions .

Members of the planning applications sub-committee backed proposals to build a showroom , workshop , and filling station south of the proposed cross town route .
members of the planning [suses] sub-committee backed proposals to build a showroom , workshop , and filling station south of the proposed cross town route .

But Mr Bacon said the issue was much wider and standards of management of all planning applications needed to be improved .
but mr bacon said the issue was much wider and standards of management of all planning [suses] needed to be improved .

Well over 100 applications had been received for 35 places on a new course starting this year .
well over 100 [suses] had been received for 35 places on a new course starting this year .

Hambleton District Council has reviewed the way in which it deals with planning applications .
hambleton district council has reviewed the way in which it deals with planning [suses] .

Since 1988 the number of applications from people who say they have nowhere to live has soared from 160 to 629 .
since 1988 the number of [suses] from people who say they have nowhere to live has soared from 160 to 629 .

Since 1988 , the number of applications from people who say they have nowhere to live has soared from 160 to 629 .
since 1988 , the number of [suses] from people who say they have nowhere to live has soared from 160 to 629 .

Yesterday 's planning applications sub-committee was told residents in the property create an unacceptable level of disturbance for others in the street , and rejected the request .
yesterday 's planning [suses] sub-committee was told residents in the property create an unacceptable level of disturbance for others in the street , and rejected the request .

Already 24 of the 64 units are let or in the hands of solicitors and another 22 have attracted specific applications .
already 24 of the 64 units are let or in the hands of solicitors and another 22 have attracted specific [suses] .

However , Mr Chris Noble , of Sanderson Townend and Gilbert , the agents letting the units , said two applications for the unit were received within a day of the Rumbelows announcement .
however , mr chris noble , of sanderson townend and gilbert , the agents letting the units , said two [suses] for the unit were received within a day of the rumbelows announcement .

32 , on the Priestgate bridge , had attracted six applications despite carrying one of the highest rents £30,000 .
32 , on the priestgate bridge , had attracted six [suses] despite carrying one of the highest rents £30,000 .

Mr Gibson who has already received permission for a tea shop can now submit separate applications for the visitors ' centre and the conversion of a former smithy into a holiday cottage the two elements supported by councillors .
mr gibson who has already received permission for a tea shop can now submit separate [suses] for the visitors ' centre and the conversion of a former smithy into a holiday cottage the two elements supported by councillors .

And yet Darlington council continues to receive planning applications from companies eager to break into the market .
and yet darlington council continues to receive planning [suses] from companies eager to break into the market .

The proposals as reported to the planning applications sub-committee on January 8 will reduce the existing 225-space car park to 150 spaces during weekdays ( ie to two-thirds its present size ) and to 208 spaces on Saturdays ( ie to over four-fifths its present size ) .
the proposals as reported to the planning [suses] sub-committee on january 8 will reduce the existing 225-space car park to 150 spaces during weekdays ( ie to two-thirds its present size ) and to 208 spaces on saturdays ( ie to over four-fifths its present size ) .

Valerie Lamont , for Naylor , and James Benson , for Blower , made no bail applications .
valerie lamont , for naylor , and james benson , for blower , made no bail [suses] .

Other hopefuls included two ex-Premier League bosses , who Mr. Gage could not name to respect their applications made in confidence .
other hopefuls included two ex-premier league bosses , who mr. gage could not name to respect their [suses] made in confidence .

Both firms have invested heavily in hi-tech applications and are running a double shift .
both firms have invested heavily in hi-tech [suses] and are running a double shift .

Up to now Tranmere reserves have had to play in the Midland Senior League , having had several previous applications to join the Pontins League rejected .
up to now tranmere reserves have had to play in the midland senior league , having had several previous [suses] to join the pontins league rejected .

Applications for grant aid are being made to various bodies , including The Development Board for Rural Wales .
[suses] for grant aid are being made to various bodies , including the development board for rural wales .

Hamilton Oil revealed yesterday that it had handled almost 5,000 applications already , many arriving before the announcement of the go-ahead for the massive project .
hamilton oil revealed yesterday that it had handled almost 5,000 [suses] already , many arriving before the announcement of the go-ahead for the massive project .

Hamilton Oil revealed yesterday that it had handled almost 5,000 applications already , many arriving before the announcement of the go-ahead for the massive project .
hamilton oil revealed yesterday that it had handled almost 5,000 [suses] already , many arriving before the announcement of the go-ahead for the massive project .

The committee has been concerned by the high numbers of planning applications granted by six Welsh councils in defiance of published development plans .
the committee has been concerned by the high numbers of planning [suses] granted by six welsh councils in defiance of published development plans .

Unless the objectives outlined in the first year of the Medau Society 's Development Plan are achieved only applications for support to specific projects in line with the Council 's strategy would be considered in future .
unless the objectives outlined in the first year of the medau society 's development plan are achieved only [suses] for support to specific projects in line with the council 's strategy would be considered in future .

Applications to office .
[suses] to office .

Closing date for applications — 30th April 1988 — After this date course will be open to student teachers and other movement organisations .
closing date for [suses] — 30th april 1988 — after this date course will be open to student teachers and other movement organisations .

Further applications will be welcomed but are needed immediately .
further [suses] will be welcomed but are needed immediately .

Applications with £10 fee for day should reach The Medau Society , by Wednesday 26th June .
[suses] with £10 fee for day should reach the medau society , by wednesday 26th june .

All applications are acknowledged on receipt .
all [suses] are acknowledged on receipt .

The Committee agreed to consider a larger amount when all the applications for funding had been presented .
the committee agreed to consider a larger amount when all the [suses] for funding had been presented .

10 . Summary of current applications and financial position
10 . summary of current [suses] and financial position

11 . Grant applications
11 . grant [suses]

new applications from existing partners
new [suses] from existing partners

6 . Overall picture of Grant Commitments of Central Committee for the year and summary of applications to this Committee
6 . overall picture of grant commitments of central committee for the year and summary of [suses] to this committee

7 . Applications : —
7 . [suses] : —

Continuing applications
continuing [suses]

New applications from existing partners
new [suses] from existing partners

New applications
new [suses]

This is the term coined to encompass all the personnel who surround ( and fuss over ) the modern computer — electronic engineers , systems programmers , applications programmers , duty advisers , information officers and those who give courses to would-be users .
this is the term coined to encompass all the personnel who surround ( and fuss over ) the modern computer — electronic engineers , systems programmers , [suses] programmers , duty advisers , information officers and those who give courses to would-be users .

In exchange for support from civil servants in resisting the cuts of the Treasury or in presenting its investment programme sympathetically to the government , an enterprise might refrain from padding out its capital applications ; again the electricity industry provides an example ( Hannah 1982 : 44 ) .
in exchange for support from civil servants in resisting the cuts of the treasury or in presenting its investment programme sympathetically to the government , an enterprise might refrain from padding out its capital [suses] ; again the electricity industry provides an example ( hannah 1982 : 44 ) .

The system was unwieldy , since grant applications had to be submitted for some three hundred individual services , and there were problems in the calculations of costs and hence of the appropriate subsidy ( Joy 1973 : 127–31 ; Parker 1978 : 7 ) .
the system was unwieldy , since grant [suses] had to be submitted for some three hundred individual services , and there were problems in the calculations of costs and hence of the appropriate subsidy ( joy 1973 : 127–31 ; parker 1978 : 7 ) .

There were no applications for bail for either defendant and both were granted legal aid by the magistrates .
there were no [suses] for bail for either defendant and both were granted legal aid by the magistrates .

Solicitors Neil Cobley representing James Mullen and Mike Hogan representing his brother made successful applications for legal aid .
solicitors neil cobley representing james mullen and mike hogan representing his brother made successful [suses] for legal aid .

There were no applications for bail for either , and both were granted legal aid by the magistrates .
there were no [suses] for bail for either , and both were granted legal aid by the magistrates .

The whole planning system came under fire from several quarters , including Mr Hague who called for reforms so that associated pylons and cabling would be considered when planning applications for power stations were submitted .
the whole planning system came under fire from several quarters , including mr hague who called for reforms so that associated pylons and cabling would be considered when planning [suses] for power stations were submitted .

The Benefits Agency spokesman said the figures for budget loans showed that 7,509 people were helped out of the 13,060 applications made .
the benefits agency spokesman said the figures for budget loans showed that 7,509 people were helped out of the 13,060 [suses] made .

To meet local authority funding requirements , applications for course places must be made by the end of May to John Walton , the Inset unit , University of Teesside , Borough Road , Middlesbrough , tel ( 0642 ) 342386 or 342392 .
to meet local authority funding requirements , [suses] for course places must be made by the end of may to john walton , the inset unit , university of teesside , borough road , middlesbrough , tel ( 0642 ) 342386 or 342392 .

She says the branch will be getting involved in potentially controversial planning applications .
she says the branch will be getting involved in potentially controversial planning [suses] .

Three other superstore applications are in the planning pipeline for Bangor .
three other superstore [suses] are in the planning pipeline for bangor .

The Secretary of State had already said future applications to build power stations would be considered on their own merit and not because there was spare capacity .
the secretary of state had already said future [suses] to build power stations would be considered on their own merit and not because there was spare capacity .

They have been asked to send in their applications by Tuesday .
they have been asked to send in their [suses] by tuesday .

Middlesbrough Council spokesman Doug Allan said there was no need to consult residents over the planning applications because they involved no change of use .
middlesbrough council spokesman doug allan said there was no need to consult residents over the planning [suses] because they involved no change of use .

Entry fee is £10 per team and all applications must be received before June 17 .
entry fee is £10 per team and all [suses] must be received before june 17 .

And applications for grants from arts funds had also been made .
and [suses] for grants from arts funds had also been made .

The course has room for 20 students and applications are invited from men and women .
the course has room for 20 students and [suses] are invited from men and women .

Stroud District Council has turned down three applications from superstore companies which want to build in Stroud .
stroud district council has turned down three [suses] from superstore companies which want to build in stroud .

Home Service part-time applications in the process system .
home service part-time [suses] in the process system .

He says over the last few years there 've been a number of applications by local people who live and work in the area and want to stay here and they 've been refused permission to build on their own land for single dwellings and we think it would be terribly unfair if Redlands could come in and build a whole new estate , doubling the size of the village .
he says over the last few years there 've been a number of [suses] by local people who live and work in the area and want to stay here and they 've been refused permission to build on their own land for single dwellings and we think it would be terribly unfair if redlands could come in and build a whole new estate , doubling the size of the village .

Many more applications to set up windfarms are expected following Government moves to encourage development of renewable energy sources .
many more [suses] to set up windfarms are expected following government moves to encourage development of renewable energy sources .

And if these applications were not approved then the council could face court action from numerous groups .
and if these [suses] were not approved then the council could face court action from numerous groups .

And it 's really good to know that there are so many applications in the , in the real world , medical and physical and , and otherwise .
and it 's really good to know that there are so many [suses] in the , in the real world , medical and physical and , and otherwise .

erm There are indications that in perhaps twenty years ' time that there might be some novel applications of lasers .
erm there are indications that in perhaps twenty years ' time that there might be some novel [suses] of lasers .

In our series about computers we 're looking at applications in all sorts of different areas , and today we 're going to talk about how they 're used in medicine .
in our series about computers we 're looking at [suses] in all sorts of different areas , and today we 're going to talk about how they 're used in medicine .

There have been before the present application which was approved , there have been applications refused because the Oxford City Planning Committee were concerned particularly about er access and parking arrangements , and the effects of the extensions er on the front of the building , er very close to Sandy Lane , by the impact of those buildings in particular on residential amenity , on the houses and the occupants of them on the other side of Sandy Lane .
there have been before the present application which was approved , there have been [suses] refused because the oxford city planning committee were concerned particularly about er access and parking arrangements , and the effects of the extensions er on the front of the building , er very close to sandy lane , by the impact of those buildings in particular on residential amenity , on the houses and the occupants of them on the other side of sandy lane .

It did actually explain in one key phrase what , what the newsworthy bit was , which was the pivot sentence ‘ fifty percent increase ’ , in applications .
it did actually explain in one key phrase what , what the newsworthy bit was , which was the pivot sentence ‘ fifty percent increase ’ , in [suses] .

Computers are used in all walks of life , although so far in our series of programmes we 've largely been looking at scientific applications .
computers are used in all walks of life , although so far in our series of programmes we 've largely been looking at scientific [suses] .

Yes , but unfortunately it 's a different set of rules as regards the planning applications made by people for erm either caravans for residential purposes or for leisure purposes as those which were directed to use when we are judging a gipsy site erm as such .
yes , but unfortunately it 's a different set of rules as regards the planning [suses] made by people for erm either caravans for residential purposes or for leisure purposes as those which were directed to use when we are judging a gipsy site erm as such .

The erm gipies do have a dispensation under the planning laws to have their sites and their pitches located in areas where you would not be able to normally get residential erm planning applications approved .
the erm gipies do have a dispensation under the planning laws to have their sites and their pitches located in areas where you would not be able to normally get residential erm planning [suses] approved .

Let 's have a look at some of the applications .
let 's have a look at some of the [suses] .

In our programmes in the current series about computers , we 've talked about all sorts of applications , in business , in science and in industry .
in our programmes in the current series about computers , we 've talked about all sorts of [suses] , in business , in science and in industry .

And then at the end we will run a single lecture , a kind of gee whizz lecture , something that shows the applications of the ideas we 've been working on during the day to some particularly unusual branch of physics .
and then at the end we will run a single lecture , a kind of gee whizz lecture , something that shows the [suses] of the ideas we 've been working on during the day to some particularly unusual branch of physics .

It has lots of similar properties to a larger computer , in so much that it has a similar , what is referred to as a central processing unit , and in some instances similar peripheral devices , but if one can imagine that for certain applications where these have been collectively gathered together in erm the ultimate setting on a single integrated circuit , then one has a microcomputer , comprised of a microprocessor , some memory and some appropriate interfacing devices to the outside world .
it has lots of similar properties to a larger computer , in so much that it has a similar , what is referred to as a central processing unit , and in some instances similar peripheral devices , but if one can imagine that for certain [suses] where these have been collectively gathered together in erm the ultimate setting on a single integrated circuit , then one has a microcomputer , comprised of a microprocessor , some memory and some appropriate interfacing devices to the outside world .

Let 's just move for a minute or two into wider applications , in industry .
let 's just move for a minute or two into wider [suses] , in industry .

All requests for ‘ ordinary ’ books , where the time of submission had been recorded — a total of 3966 applications — were treated in this way .
all requests for ‘ ordinary ’ books , where the time of submission had been recorded — a total of 3966 [suses] — were treated in this way .

In addition to those caused by serial parts being bound ( discussed above ) , difficulties were created ( a ) by applications for serials or serial parts which consultation of the catalogues would have shown did not form part of the Library 's holdings , ( b ) by the Library 's non-receipt of ‘ current ’ serial parts ( sometimes up to two years after their nominal date of publication ) , and ( c ) by lack of information in the Issue Hall concerning the precise location of particular serial parts .
in addition to those caused by serial parts being bound ( discussed above ) , difficulties were created ( a ) by [suses] for serials or serial parts which consultation of the catalogues would have shown did not form part of the library 's holdings , ( b ) by the library 's non-receipt of ‘ current ’ serial parts ( sometimes up to two years after their nominal date of publication ) , and ( c ) by lack of information in the issue hall concerning the precise location of particular serial parts .

The bulk of coil production is for the building industry but it has a wide range of other applications , from washing machines to venetian blinds .
the bulk of coil production is for the building industry but it has a wide range of other [suses] , from washing machines to venetian blinds .

All applications must be received by the end of May when the Committee reviews applications and selects the winners in each group .
all [suses] must be received by the end of may when the committee reviews [suses] and selects the winners in each group .

Clearly there is a range of similar applications such as warehouses and supermarkets where someone has to go around checking stock and then enter the data into a computer .
clearly there is a range of similar [suses] such as warehouses and supermarkets where someone has to go around checking stock and then enter the data into a computer .

Planning authorities , it was claimed , showed an unsympathetic attitude to applications from young people for new homes or businesses despite the Government 's Local Needs Policy which aimed to retain young people in the countryside .
planning authorities , it was claimed , showed an unsympathetic attitude to [suses] from young people for new homes or businesses despite the government 's local needs policy which aimed to retain young people in the countryside .

Details of the exchanges have been circulated to Wirral schools and the closing date for applications is November 13 .
details of the exchanges have been circulated to wirral schools and the closing date for [suses] is november 13 .

But Arundel Liberal Democrat councillor Roger Johnston claims applications for the post were left forgotten in a drawer for six weeks .
but arundel liberal democrat councillor roger johnston claims [suses] for the post were left forgotten in a drawer for six weeks .

Among the matters to be discussed will be the rubber-stamping of the applications for membership from Vicars Cross and Wirral Ladies men 's section .
among the matters to be discussed will be the rubber-stamping of the [suses] for membership from vicars cross and wirral ladies men 's section .

The volunteer may help the young person with job applications or other form-filling , go to a football match or the cinema with them or just meet up for a chat .
the volunteer may help the young person with job [suses] or other form-filling , go to a football match or the cinema with them or just meet up for a chat .

Housing committee chairwoman Margaret Clarke said she was concerned that confidential details concerning at least some of more than 100 grant applications approved last month had got into the hands of someone in business .
housing committee chairwoman margaret clarke said she was concerned that confidential details concerning at least some of more than 100 grant [suses] approved last month had got into the hands of someone in business .

The Act allows , for the first time , children to initiate proceedings and instruct a solicitor to make court applications independently .
the act allows , for the first time , children to initiate proceedings and instruct a solicitor to make court [suses] independently .

The Act allows children , for the first time , to initiate proceedings and instruct a solicitor to make applications to court .
the act allows children , for the first time , to initiate proceedings and instruct a solicitor to make [suses] to court .

Gordon Campbell , Courtaulds director responsible for fibres , predicted an exciting future for Tencel , saying that extensive market development work had confirmed its potential in textile applications .
gordon campbell , courtaulds director responsible for fibres , predicted an exciting future for tencel , saying that extensive market development work had confirmed its potential in textile [suses] .

‘ Training our sales force properly and thoroughly about the market applications is going to make or break our marketing effort . ’
‘ training our sales force properly and thoroughly about the market [suses] is going to make or break our marketing effort . ’

Manufacturing industries using chlorinated solvents for cleaning applications can now call on a team of specialists to collect used solvent for recycling or safe disposal .
manufacturing industries using chlorinated solvents for cleaning [suses] can now call on a team of specialists to collect used solvent for recycling or safe disposal .

Davies claims that N-Sure , which has already found 5,000 users around the country since it started in 1986 , has turned fertilizer applications from a black art to a hi-tech service .
davies claims that n-sure , which has already found 5,000 users around the country since it started in 1986 , has turned fertilizer [suses] from a black art to a hi-tech service .

On the other hand , this lower molecular weight is an advantage in some applications since it means that extruded sheet thermoforms more easily than cast sheet .
on the other hand , this lower molecular weight is an advantage in some [suses] since it means that extruded sheet thermoforms more easily than cast sheet .

In its early years , extruded acrylic sheet , particularly in thin clear form , rapidly established a position in the market for applications for which surface finish is not important .
in its early years , extruded acrylic sheet , particularly in thin clear form , rapidly established a position in the market for [suses] for which surface finish is not important .

Those applications have now disappeared but have been replaced by a wide range of others which utilize the material 's excellent weatherability , clarity and surface hardness — for example , automotive rear lights , lighting fittings and drawing instruments , produced by injection moulding ; and sheet and profiles , mainly for the sign , lighting and building industries , produced by extrusion .
those [suses] have now disappeared but have been replaced by a wide range of others which utilize the material 's excellent weatherability , clarity and surface hardness — for example , automotive rear lights , lighting fittings and drawing instruments , produced by injection moulding ; and sheet and profiles , mainly for the sign , lighting and building industries , produced by extrusion .

‘ Even a mature product such as ‘ Diakon ’ offers scope for exciting new developments to extend its range of applications , ’ he says , ‘ We have recently introduced impact modified grades with improved toughness and craze resistance , which are being used for such things as food mixer bowls , blood filters and tooth-brush handles , and a research programme we are engaged in has produced acrylics with very much higher softening points — likely candidates for automotive head lamp lenses and other lighting applications .
‘ even a mature product such as ‘ diakon ’ offers scope for exciting new developments to extend its range of [suses] , ’ he says , ‘ we have recently introduced impact modified grades with improved toughness and craze resistance , which are being used for such things as food mixer bowls , blood filters and tooth-brush handles , and a research programme we are engaged in has produced acrylics with very much higher softening points — likely candidates for automotive head lamp lenses and other lighting [suses] .

Whether or not Felcey 's hopes for growth from new applications of new grades of acrylic plastics are fully realized remains to be seen .
whether or not felcey 's hopes for growth from new [suses] of new grades of acrylic plastics are fully realized remains to be seen .

To these have now been added a vast range of applications in fibres , films , housewares , rigid packaging and building .
to these have now been added a vast range of [suses] in fibres , films , housewares , rigid packaging and building .

But all the signs are that although bottles will continue to be the major end product for ‘ Melinar ’ and will continue to gain business , mainly at the expense of glass , other very important applications will also develop .
but all the signs are that although bottles will continue to be the major end product for ‘ melinar ’ and will continue to gain business , mainly at the expense of glass , other very important [suses] will also develop .

When Adrian Bromley constructs a model of his group 's activities , its starting point is the customer at the apex of the triangle , with the sales applications and technical staff immediately below .
when adrian bromley constructs a model of his group 's activities , its starting point is the customer at the apex of the triangle , with the sales [suses] and technical staff immediately below .

It is essentially a problem-solving exercise in which there must be a close relationship between sales effort on the ground and the ability of the applications and research staff to come up with the answers , within the boundaries of what is commercially viable .
it is essentially a problem-solving exercise in which there must be a close relationship between sales effort on the ground and the ability of the [suses] and research staff to come up with the answers , within the boundaries of what is commercially viable .

These are in addition to applications in the detergents field , in which it has been used for many years .
these are in addition to [suses] in the detergents field , in which it has been used for many years .

There are projected outlets , too , for new , high-purity silicates currently being developed for applications in high technology .
there are projected outlets , too , for new , high-purity silicates currently being developed for [suses] in high technology .

Other co-products include calcium chloride , with applications ranging from the oil and chemical industries to dust-laying in coal mines .
other co-products include calcium chloride , with [suses] ranging from the oil and chemical industries to dust-laying in coal mines .

Girls and boys who have reached their third birthday are eligible for the Nursery and applications for a Nursery place may be made at any time .
girls and boys who have reached their third birthday are eligible for the nursery and [suses] for a nursery place may be made at any time .

The computer features prominently in both the Standard Grade and Higher courses , particularly in terms of spreadsheet applications .
the computer features prominently in both the standard grade and higher courses , particularly in terms of spreadsheet [suses] .

All pupils in these years follow a general familiarisation course in computer applications timetabled for one period each week .
all pupils in these years follow a general familiarisation course in computer [suses] timetabled for one period each week .

They also study simulations of the use of computers in applications such as shops , libraries , airlines , police records , etc .
they also study simulations of the use of computers in [suses] such as shops , libraries , airlines , police records , etc .

It 's a vital thread running through all our business development activities and the emphasis is on applications technology — designing new products for individual customers .
it 's a vital thread running through all our business development activities and the emphasis is on [suses] technology — designing new products for individual customers .

Apart from the applications already referred to in this section , filters that provide total rejection at some frequency are particularly useful for measuring distortion .
apart from the [suses] already referred to in this section , filters that provide total rejection at some frequency are particularly useful for measuring distortion .

Maurice Melloul 's guidelines for the success of the purchasing agent in Dow corning sum up the professionalism that lies behind the words : ‘ The agent must : exercise close cost control build long term relationships bring negotiations to a ‘ win-win ’ conclusion promote and sell the best image of his company be knowledgeable about the supplier 's market and end-use applications . ’
maurice melloul 's guidelines for the success of the purchasing agent in dow corning sum up the professionalism that lies behind the words : ‘ the agent must : exercise close cost control build long term relationships bring negotiations to a ‘ win-win ’ conclusion promote and sell the best image of his company be knowledgeable about the supplier 's market and end-use [suses] . ’

In fact the opposite is true : only applications made through SSDs will be considered .
in fact the opposite is true : only [suses] made through ssds will be considered .

In this non-technical article the author argues that Statistical Process Control is not limited solely to manufacturing applications .
in this non-technical article the author argues that statistical process control is not limited solely to manufacturing [suses] .

they expected , they expected a lot of er applications . They got thirty thousand !
they expected , they expected a lot of er [suses] . they got thirty thousand !

two to three applications
two to three [suses]

-amps on the market which purport to be ideal for audio applications .
-amps on the market which purport to be ideal for audio [suses] .

Bar codes are not restricted to supermarket stock style applications .
bar codes are not restricted to supermarket stock style [suses] .

Indeed , it is probably more practical not to do things the standard way as this avoids what is likely to be severe over-kill for do-it-yourself applications .
indeed , it is probably more practical not to do things the standard way as this avoids what is likely to be severe over-kill for do-it-yourself [suses] .

We 're about to move into more sophisticated harmonic applications for Pentatonics , hence my concern for your fluency with all five shapes .
we 're about to move into more sophisticated harmonic [suses] for pentatonics , hence my concern for your fluency with all five shapes .

The method may have applications in undergravel run systems where the plants would be ‘ protected ’ against the water flow .
the method may have [suses] in undergravel run systems where the plants would be ‘ protected ’ against the water flow .

In many applications , such directional techniques are inappropriate .
in many [suses] , such directional techniques are inappropriate .

This simple canister squirts a harmless gas into the bottle , so it remains drinkable for up to four weeks and it lasts for over 100 applications .
this simple canister squirts a harmless gas into the bottle , so it remains drinkable for up to four weeks and it lasts for over 100 [suses] .

This month we 're looking further into playing applications for double stops .
this month we 're looking further into playing [suses] for double stops .

Not all DHAs operate a bank , but those which do usually welcome applications from returners , and are happy to discuss your mutual requirements at an early stage .
not all dhas operate a bank , but those which do usually welcome [suses] from returners , and are happy to discuss your mutual requirements at an early stage .

Job applications and interviews
job [suses] and interviews

The methods have other applications in nursing .
the methods have other [suses] in nursing .

The automatic recognition of handwriting is necessary as a natural mode of communication with computers , and appears to be appropriate for a number of applications .
the automatic recognition of handwriting is necessary as a natural mode of communication with computers , and appears to be appropriate for a number of [suses] .

The advent of notepad computers brings many new opportunities for applications suitable to this new form of computer .
the advent of notepad computers brings many new opportunities for [suses] suitable to this new form of computer .

There may also be educational applications , perhaps for teaching children to write .
there may also be educational [suses] , perhaps for teaching children to write .

Form filling applications can give this kind of information accurately , for example where an address or a telephone number is expected , so the restrictions put on allowable strings are even greater .
form filling [suses] can give this kind of information accurately , for example where an address or a telephone number is expected , so the restrictions put on allowable strings are even greater .

Borough planning officer Tony Woodcock explained that Dave 's applications had been rejected because he wanted to put the bungalow on greenbelt land .
borough planning officer tony woodcock explained that dave 's [suses] had been rejected because he wanted to put the bungalow on greenbelt land .

‘ He would spend the week writing letters and sending off applications , ’ said Mrs Jackson .
‘ he would spend the week writing letters and sending off [suses] , ’ said mrs jackson .

He added : ‘ What we are saying is we will treat very sympathetically Yugoslavian applications for refugee status . ’
he added : ‘ what we are saying is we will treat very sympathetically yugoslavian [suses] for refugee status . ’

Applications are available from the Young England Rugby Club Office .
[suses] are available from the young england rugby club office .

The ‘ Hip Young Gunslingers ’ ad , according to legend , provoked 5,000 applications .
the ‘ hip young gunslingers ’ ad , according to legend , provoked 5,000 [suses] .

Cornwall is luckier than most parts of England in this respect — it 's been left alone more than other counties , and lots of applications for planning permission have been turned down .
cornwall is luckier than most parts of england in this respect — it 's been left alone more than other counties , and lots of [suses] for planning permission have been turned down .

Now that there was a sympathetic hand at the helm , especially for the new sexual politics , they were shaped into formal applications for local government funding .
now that there was a sympathetic hand at the helm , especially for the new sexual politics , they were shaped into formal [suses] for local government funding .

There were about twenty applications for the editor 's job , which were marked up under headings of ‘ politics ’ ( most got zero ) and ‘ experience ’ .
there were about twenty [suses] for the editor 's job , which were marked up under headings of ‘ politics ’ ( most got zero ) and ‘ experience ’ .

To help sort things out , little comments such as ‘ sincere/wet ’ , ‘ overzealous ’ , and ‘ pompous ’ were attached to the more promising applications .
to help sort things out , little comments such as ‘ sincere/wet ’ , ‘ overzealous ’ , and ‘ pompous ’ were attached to the more promising [suses] .

Bending the Equal Opportunities rules , he had used the normal method of tipping off chosen journalists and assuring them their applications would go through smoothly .
bending the equal opportunities rules , he had used the normal method of tipping off chosen journalists and assuring them their [suses] would go through smoothly .

Applications varied wildly in calibre and content .
[suses] varied wildly in calibre and content .

But she had already lost her balance as she impossibly tried to juggle Equal Opportunities , shortage of staff and time , and the torrent of ‘ open access ’ job applications .
but she had already lost her balance as she impossibly tried to juggle equal opportunities , shortage of staff and time , and the torrent of ‘ open access ’ job [suses] .

Hayling added to the confusion by taking away applications from blacks , which were put aside for positive consideration .
hayling added to the confusion by taking away [suses] from blacks , which were put aside for positive consideration .

There is no record to say how many applications , and for what jobs , were finally considered .
there is no record to say how many [suses] , and for what jobs , were finally considered .

All applications for jobs had to be routed through Pilger .
all [suses] for jobs had to be routed through pilger .

The success of the Convention can not be accurately measured by the number of applications made to it ( the vast majority of which , for technical reasons , fail ) .
the success of the convention can not be accurately measured by the number of [suses] made to it ( the vast majority of which , for technical reasons , fail ) .

Levermore , also new to the exhibition , will be showing the exciting and versatile applications of their Markal paintsticks .
levermore , also new to the exhibition , will be showing the exciting and versatile [suses] of their markal paintsticks .

in other applications of the principle architects experimented with combinations of loop roads and culs-de-sac , footpath or courtyard access and end-on blocks , all designed to achieve traffic segregation and all claiming to be ‘ Radburn ’ in style .
in other [suses] of the principle architects experimented with combinations of loop roads and culs-de-sac , footpath or courtyard access and end-on blocks , all designed to achieve traffic segregation and all claiming to be ‘ radburn ’ in style .

There have been many variants , but one of the most extensive and thorough applications of this principle has been at Bijlmermeer in south-east Amsterdam .
there have been many variants , but one of the most extensive and thorough [suses] of this principle has been at bijlmermeer in south-east amsterdam .

Moreover putting up barriers , banning night driving , giving priority to public transport and permitting cycling the ‘ wrong way in one way streets are other applications of the law .
moreover putting up barriers , banning night driving , giving priority to public transport and permitting cycling the ‘ wrong way in one way streets are other [suses] of the law .

Step-parent adoptions of marital children increased from approximately 3000 in 1965 to over 9000 in 1975 , almost all accounted for by post-divorce applications .
step-parent adoptions of marital children increased from approximately 3000 in 1965 to over 9000 in 1975 , almost all accounted for by post-divorce [suses] .

In some courts applications were successful in 96 per cent of cases ; in other courts only 9 per cent were successful .
in some courts [suses] were successful in 96 per cent of cases ; in other courts only 9 per cent were successful .

He concedes that the object-oriented paradigm needs to deal with both large objects ( applications ) and small objects ( down to characters or numbers within files ) , but argues that in the Cobol business context , a fine level of granularity is often not required .
he concedes that the object-oriented paradigm needs to deal with both large objects ( [suses] ) and small objects ( down to characters or numbers within files ) , but argues that in the cobol business context , a fine level of granularity is often not required .

It is anticipated that the systems could be useful for a variety of applications including fleet management , customer credit control , plant loading , targeting direct mail campaigns , fraud detection , retail and materials analysis .
it is anticipated that the systems could be useful for a variety of [suses] including fleet management , customer credit control , plant loading , targeting direct mail campaigns , fraud detection , retail and materials analysis .

The recently announced moratorium on new health promotion clinics has put a temporary brake on applications , but it seems probable that the new regulations from next April will encompass stress clinics , although within a cash limited total .
the recently announced moratorium on new health promotion clinics has put a temporary brake on [suses] , but it seems probable that the new regulations from next april will encompass stress clinics , although within a cash limited total .

Four companies have already signed up to the scheme , and the Centre has the capacity to look after three or four more — it has already had about 20 applications .
four companies have already signed up to the scheme , and the centre has the capacity to look after three or four more — it has already had about 20 [suses] .

Instead of producing a specific group application like Lotus Notes , which has become virtually synonymous with the sector , Microsoft is concentrating on ‘ groupware-enabling ’ its existing applications .
instead of producing a specific group application like lotus notes , which has become virtually synonymous with the sector , microsoft is concentrating on ‘ groupware-enabling ’ its existing [suses] .

From a technical point of view this is mainly nip and tuck stuff , but Microsoft is betting that the innovative use of existing technology will be a winner and is finally cashing in on all the application programming interfaces , dynamic data exchange , object linking and embedding facilities that it has been burying in its applications and operating systems for the last couple of years .
from a technical point of view this is mainly nip and tuck stuff , but microsoft is betting that the innovative use of existing technology will be a winner and is finally cashing in on all the application programming interfaces , dynamic data exchange , object linking and embedding facilities that it has been burying in its [suses] and operating systems for the last couple of years .

Creative Computer Applications Inc saw net profits for the year to August 31 , including $ 63,000 gains , down 1.4 % at $ 204,357 , against 1991 figures that included $ 76,000 gains , on sales up 2.2 % at $ 4.7m .
creative computer [suses] inc saw net profits for the year to august 31 , including $ 63,000 gains , down 1.4 % at $ 204,357 , against 1991 figures that included $ 76,000 gains , on sales up 2.2 % at $ 4.7m .

Bourne says that SunSoft invested in multi-threading instead of things like security because distributed applications need multi-threading in the base system and Sun sees distributed applications and systems as the way of the future .
bourne says that sunsoft invested in multi-threading instead of things like security because distributed [suses] need multi-threading in the base system and sun sees distributed [suses] and systems as the way of the future .

Fourth , spending on front-office systems , such as those supporting foreign exchange , funds and transfer payments , is not expected to grow as fast as that on back-office systems , covering such applications as transaction processing , clearing and settlement .
fourth , spending on front-office systems , such as those supporting foreign exchange , funds and transfer payments , is not expected to grow as fast as that on back-office systems , covering such [suses] as transaction processing , clearing and settlement .

According to Pflug , this is for historical reasons — during the 1980s , organisations focussed spending on mission-critical applications to the detriment of the less exciting back-office kit , but ‘ this is now coming back to haunt the industry ’ .
according to pflug , this is for historical reasons — during the 1980s , organisations focussed spending on mission-critical [suses] to the detriment of the less exciting back-office kit , but ‘ this is now coming back to haunt the industry ’ .

One of Pick 's little idiosyncrasies is that database applications are written in Pick Basic , a superset of the programming language rather out of favour with most business programmers .
one of pick 's little idiosyncrasies is that database [suses] are written in pick basic , a superset of the programming language rather out of favour with most business programmers .

Customers ' environments are evolving towards intensive use of commercial transaction processing servers , Hewlett-Packard Co suggests , and such users need support for high-performance commercial-grade input-output while minimising communications costs — and they need a system that is compatible with existing applications and networking equipment .
customers ' environments are evolving towards intensive use of commercial transaction processing servers , hewlett-packard co suggests , and such users need support for high-performance commercial-grade input-output while minimising communications costs — and they need a system that is compatible with existing [suses] and networking equipment .

Rather than converting Windows applications for Unix in the current fashion , nQue is doing a version for Unix that will run atop Windows .
rather than converting windows [suses] for unix in the current fashion , nque is doing a version for unix that will run atop windows .

Users can also access the 1,800 applications currently converting from Solaris-on-Sparc 1 .
users can also access the 1,800 [suses] currently converting from solaris-on-sparc 1 .

The new Open Digital Studio format provides open interfaces to the Alias modelling format and rendering systems — Alias OpenModel and OpenRender — enabling users to develop custom effects and interfaces between Alias and other digital applications .
the new open digital studio format provides open interfaces to the alias modelling format and rendering systems — alias openmodel and openrender — enabling users to develop custom effects and interfaces between alias and other digital [suses] .

Calling the agreement the ‘ Frontline Partnership ’ , they say they will work together to develop operating system and hardware for easy-to-use systems , adding the sorts of features Macintosh users take for granted , advance personal computer technology with pen interface and audio capabilities — Microsoft is said to be impatient at the lack of applications for its Pen Windows operating environment , and the two will promote ‘ Plug and Play ’ to make software and hardware easier to integrate and use .
calling the agreement the ‘ frontline partnership ’ , they say they will work together to develop operating system and hardware for easy-to-use systems , adding the sorts of features macintosh users take for granted , advance personal computer technology with pen interface and audio capabilities — microsoft is said to be impatient at the lack of [suses] for its pen windows operating environment , and the two will promote ‘ plug and play ’ to make software and hardware easier to integrate and use .

This device will be targeted at applications such as character recognition , process control , signal processing and neural learning .
this device will be targeted at [suses] such as character recognition , process control , signal processing and neural learning .

It provides tools for applications design from the initial concept , to the editing stage , debugging , simulation and then code generation .
it provides tools for [suses] design from the initial concept , to the editing stage , debugging , simulation and then code generation .

It offers designers up to 125 rules per module and up to seven labels per variable and provides waveform display and three-dimensional block diagrams that help simulate applications .
it offers designers up to 125 rules per module and up to seven labels per variable and provides waveform display and three-dimensional block diagrams that help simulate [suses] .

In the longer term , spectrum has been identified in the band 4.4GHz to 5.03GHz and it is thought that military tactical requirements and outside broadcast and news gathering applications ‘ could be compatible in such situations ’ .
in the longer term , spectrum has been identified in the band 4.4ghz to 5.03ghz and it is thought that military tactical requirements and outside broadcast and news gathering [suses] ‘ could be compatible in such situations ’ .

Although established network operators are now primarily using optical fibre for high capacity communications links , there is little evidence that the overall amount of spectrum available for fixed service use , in terms either of point to point use or outside broadcasts and electronic news gathering applications , should be reduced .
although established network operators are now primarily using optical fibre for high capacity communications links , there is little evidence that the overall amount of spectrum available for fixed service use , in terms either of point to point use or outside broadcasts and electronic news gathering [suses] , should be reduced .

Research by Dataquest and Technologic Partners indicates 70 % of the networked Unix servers ( and 80 % of NetWare servers ) are used as dedicated file servers , stripped of applications by their administrators to improve performance .
research by dataquest and technologic partners indicates 70 % of the networked unix servers ( and 80 % of netware servers ) are used as dedicated file servers , stripped of [suses] by their administrators to improve performance .

Following a survey of corporate networks and common applications as well as their extensions , such as Videotex and Electronic Mail , this seminar will review the importance of International Standards .
following a survey of corporate networks and common [suses] as well as their extensions , such as videotex and electronic mail , this seminar will review the importance of international standards .

• The Four Building Blocks and their Implications — Common Applications — Common Communications Support — Common User Access — Common Programming Interface
• the four building blocks and their implications — common [suses] — common communications support — common user access — common programming interface

The users ' applications systems , the Finance Director 's report , software maintenance : all seem to have first call on your time .
the users ' [suses] systems , the finance director 's report , software maintenance : all seem to have first call on your time .

June 11–22 Financial Analysis : Fundamentals , New Developments and Practical Applications
june 11–22 financial analysis : fundamentals , new developments and practical [suses]

September 17–21 Investment Applications of Financial Futures and Swaps
september 17–21 investment [suses] of financial futures and swaps

These intensive courses for professionals in banking and finance offer an optimal blend of theoretical principles and practical applications .
these intensive courses for professionals in banking and finance offer an optimal blend of theoretical principles and practical [suses] .

Metal mesh — welded , not just clipped — onto the underside of all Dorman Long lintels provides a plaster key for easy applications .
metal mesh — welded , not just clipped — onto the underside of all dorman long lintels provides a plaster key for easy [suses] .

The range comprises plain , angle , capped angle and half round ridge tiles in a choice of traditional red and black colours to suit applications in residential or commercial roofing .
the range comprises plain , angle , capped angle and half round ridge tiles in a choice of traditional red and black colours to suit [suses] in residential or commercial roofing .

Why connect computers if you ca n't connect applications ?
why connect computers if you ca n't connect [suses] ?

And it needs not only to provide access to files or data , but actually to connect applications running anywhere on the network — and through the application , to connect the minds that are putting the applications to work .
and it needs not only to provide access to files or data , but actually to connect [suses] running anywhere on the network — and through the application , to connect the minds that are putting the [suses] to work .

• Applications include leisure and shopping centres , walkways , porticos , schools , hospitals , civic buildings , airports and office blocks in the public and commercial sectors .
• [suses] include leisure and shopping centres , walkways , porticos , schools , hospitals , civic buildings , airports and office blocks in the public and commercial sectors .

Levermore , also new to the exhibition , will be showing the exciting and versatile applications of their Markal paintsticks .
levermore , also new to the exhibition , will be showing the exciting and versatile [suses] of their markal paintsticks .

Onshore surveys include much work with very practical applications .
onshore surveys include much work with very practical [suses] .

There are many practical applications for analytical geochemistry .
there are many practical [suses] for analytical geochemistry .

In many commercial applications the geomagnetic field is used for directional reference : field values for a particular location are computed using a global or regional model of the field .
in many commercial [suses] the geomagnetic field is used for directional reference : field values for a particular location are computed using a global or regional model of the field .

In other applications magnetic storms have more direct physical effects .
in other [suses] magnetic storms have more direct physical effects .

The distribution of arsenic in stream sediments , here shown in the East Grampians area , has applications in mineral exploration , especially as a pathfinder for gold , metallogenic studies , crustal evolution and environmental geochemistry and health .
the distribution of arsenic in stream sediments , here shown in the east grampians area , has [suses] in mineral exploration , especially as a pathfinder for gold , metallogenic studies , crustal evolution and environmental geochemistry and health .

Mapping applications The precise and particular methods of engineering geophysics can be invaluable in geological mapping , where problems of structure and stratigraphy are local rather than regional .
mapping [suses] the precise and particular methods of engineering geophysics can be invaluable in geological mapping , where problems of structure and stratigraphy are local rather than regional .

Voting was 169 to 114 , as Liberal Democrat and Labour peers joined rebel Tories to support the change to the controversial Asylum and Immigration Appeals Bill which aims to clamp down on bogus asylum claims and speed genuine applications .
voting was 169 to 114 , as liberal democrat and labour peers joined rebel tories to support the change to the controversial asylum and immigration appeals bill which aims to clamp down on bogus asylum claims and speed genuine [suses] .

Among the subjects they cover are the role and responsibilities of trustees and management committees and advice on how to make successful grant applications .
among the subjects they cover are the role and responsibilities of trustees and management committees and advice on how to make successful grant [suses] .

The Asylum Bill , published in November 1991 , intended to ensure ‘ a substantial acceleration and simplification of the procedures used to deal with applications for asylum ’ .
the asylum bill , published in november 1991 , intended to ensure ‘ a substantial acceleration and simplification of the procedures used to deal with [suses] for asylum ’ .

Max Factor Mousse gives you ninety applications in pre-measured amounts so you never get too much .
max factor mousse gives you ninety [suses] in pre-measured amounts so you never get too much .

Examination and determination : The government should acknowledge that the handling of asylum applications is best carried out by qualified interviewers with knowledge of conditions in the applicants ' country .
examination and determination : the government should acknowledge that the handling of asylum [suses] is best carried out by qualified interviewers with knowledge of conditions in the applicants ' country .

Apart from its intrinsic interest , this result will have applications in other chapters .
apart from its intrinsic interest , this result will have [suses] in other chapters .

Objectives for Care outlines practical applications for nurses to use in their everyday working lives .
objectives for care outlines practical [suses] for nurses to use in their everyday working lives .

Ten of those who relied on others lived alone and had regimens specifying up to six applications daily .
ten of those who relied on others lived alone and had regimens specifying up to six [suses] daily .

This is because of the microchip 's wide variety of applications .
this is because of the microchip 's wide variety of [suses] .

The increased need will be for ‘ salesmen to have a deep technical knowledge of the products they are selling , as well as knowledge of the customers ’ applications ’ .
the increased need will be for ‘ salesmen to have a deep technical knowledge of the products they are selling , as well as knowledge of the customers ’ [suses] ’ .

Though it is likely that the capital cost of a robot will continue to fall quite rapidly relative to wage costs , there are only a limited number of applications for robots of the current generation of capability .
though it is likely that the capital cost of a robot will continue to fall quite rapidly relative to wage costs , there are only a limited number of [suses] for robots of the current generation of capability .

There have been few studies of office automation applications , but projections about specific skill requirements are extremely difficult to make at present because it is as yet quite unclear how office automation will be used .
there have been few studies of office automation [suses] , but projections about specific skill requirements are extremely difficult to make at present because it is as yet quite unclear how office automation will be used .

As it is supplied in bulk for re-processing in many industrial applications , you may be fortunate to have a local factory or printing establishment with offcuts to spare .
as it is supplied in bulk for re-processing in many industrial [suses] , you may be fortunate to have a local factory or printing establishment with offcuts to spare .

So for our purpose we will refer to all the frame components collectively as spars , and define their applications by calling them as follows : spine , cross-spar , leading edge ( I.e ) , and stand-offs assuming that such terms will be self explanatory .
so for our purpose we will refer to all the frame components collectively as spars , and define their [suses] by calling them as follows : spine , cross-spar , leading edge ( i.e ) , and stand-offs assuming that such terms will be self explanatory .

For most applications , this is of low significance , but there is a more involved method of making the tube which brings the wall to a constant 1mm over the same variation of outside diameters , from 6.35 through 7,7.5 and 8mm .
for most [suses] , this is of low significance , but there is a more involved method of making the tube which brings the wall to a constant 1mm over the same variation of outside diameters , from 6.35 through 7,7.5 and 8mm .

Pat has shown the very basic applications .
pat has shown the very basic [suses] .

Postal applications should be sent to Fleadh 1991 , , enclosing a stamped addressed envelope and adding 50p booking fee per ticket .
postal [suses] should be sent to fleadh 1991 , , enclosing a stamped addressed envelope and adding 50p booking fee per ticket .

Write down what you would like as a reward for sending off applications for further training or a new job .
write down what you would like as a reward for sending off [suses] for further training or a new job .

Opposition also began to mount among concerned citizens of the area , an opposition which manifested itself both individually and through the Ringaskiddy Residents ' Association , formed two years previously , which had not involved itself in any controversy over previous planning applications for industrial projects in the area .
opposition also began to mount among concerned citizens of the area , an opposition which manifested itself both individually and through the ringaskiddy residents ' association , formed two years previously , which had not involved itself in any controversy over previous planning [suses] for industrial projects in the area .

The real point is that Tolkien 's theories about nature , evil , luck and our perception of the world generated as a sort of by-product modern applications and political ones .
the real point is that tolkien 's theories about nature , evil , luck and our perception of the world generated as a sort of by-product modern [suses] and political ones .

When applications that year were made , Lauda and others were smart enough to realize that the licences had been so designed as to tie them to their teams , a move cleverly designed by certain constructors to lower the price war among drivers and to prevent desertions in the ranks .
when [suses] that year were made , lauda and others were smart enough to realize that the licences had been so designed as to tie them to their teams , a move cleverly designed by certain constructors to lower the price war among drivers and to prevent desertions in the ranks .

Details of the applications are attached .
details of the [suses] are attached .

Retiring tenants sell their tenancy to a purchaser who must be approved by the company : applications are handled by Estates , usually by Mike Lester personally .
retiring tenants sell their tenancy to a purchaser who must be approved by the company : [suses] are handled by estates , usually by mike lester personally .

It costs £1.45 for three applications .
it costs £1.45 for three [suses] .

Vologsky had constantly reassured himself that the repeated refusals were simply because his applications happened to be made at an inopportune moment .
vologsky had constantly reassured himself that the repeated refusals were simply because his [suses] happened to be made at an inopportune moment .

The company explains this by saying that a co-operative-server database hides the complexity of a computer network by enabling applications to access data located on multiple computers as if all the data were stored on a single computer , thus simplifying application building and — it is hoped — improving decisions by making access to information easier .
the company explains this by saying that a co-operative-server database hides the complexity of a computer network by enabling [suses] to access data located on multiple computers as if all the data were stored on a single computer , thus simplifying application building and — it is hoped — improving decisions by making access to information easier .

Menlo Park , California-based Mac-on-Unix house , Quorum Software Systems , has introduced version 1.5 of its Latitude development kit for building Unix versions of Apple Macintosh applications : it includes enhanced display performance , can read and write Mac disks on Unix workstations , supports Motif on Sun and Silicon Graphics boxes and MacApp-based applications : prices start at $6,000 .
menlo park , california-based mac-on-unix house , quorum software systems , has introduced version 1.5 of its latitude development kit for building unix versions of apple macintosh [suses] : it includes enhanced display performance , can read and write mac disks on unix workstations , supports motif on sun and silicon graphics boxes and macapp-based [suses] : prices start at $6,000 .

Xalt Inc 's Xalt Office , the suite of five graphically based integrated applications including Desk , Calendar , Notes , Mail and People Manager , is now immediately available for Sparc machines priced at $ 200 .
xalt inc 's xalt office , the suite of five graphically based integrated [suses] including desk , calendar , notes , mail and people manager , is now immediately available for sparc machines priced at $ 200 .

‘ As open systems can not fulfill most of these roles at the moment , many [ mid-range ] users will see open systems as a niche strategy , until 1995 , when the technology will change to such a degree that open systems will be able to meet the needs of the most demanding commercial applications . ’
‘ as open systems can not fulfill most of these roles at the moment , many [ mid-range ] users will see open systems as a niche strategy , until 1995 , when the technology will change to such a degree that open systems will be able to meet the needs of the most demanding commercial [suses] . ’

Iris Inventor is designed to simplify interactive development of three-dimensional applications , and to reduce both programming time and support requirements .
iris inventor is designed to simplify interactive development of three-dimensional [suses] , and to reduce both programming time and support requirements .

Finally , you can upgrade any of your existing Microsoft applications for just £99 .
finally , you can upgrade any of your existing microsoft [suses] for just £99 .

Bundled applications are pretty much what you 'd expect — the usual ad-hod mix of word processors , graphics programs , E-mail software , spreadsheets and databases .
bundled [suses] are pretty much what you 'd expect — the usual ad-hod mix of word processors , graphics programs , e-mail software , spreadsheets and databases .

Integrated packages cobble several applications into one program .
integrated packages cobble several [suses] into one program .

Of course , these applications are n't the fully-featured , everything-but-the-kitchen-sink affairs you get with something like Word for Windows or Quattro Pro .
of course , these [suses] are n't the fully-featured , everything-but-the-kitchen-sink affairs you get with something like word for windows or quattro pro .

Just because you 're buying a collection of cut-down versions of more powerful applications , there 's no reason why you should n't expect it ti meet most of your basic needs .
just because you 're buying a collection of cut-down versions of more powerful [suses] , there 's no reason why you should n't expect it ti meet most of your basic needs .

Often people will move up to a better word processor or spreadsheet , but will want to carry on using the other applications in their integrated package .
often people will move up to a better word processor or spreadsheet , but will want to carry on using the other [suses] in their integrated package .

All these packages have the three core applications , plus a handful of additional features .
all these packages have the three core [suses] , plus a handful of additional features .

The main toolbar is consistent in all Claris 's applications .
the main toolbar is consistent in all claris 's [suses] .

Open up one of the applications and you 're greeted with the usual menu bar at the top of the screen , beneath which is a nice toolbar , complete with colourful icons .
open up one of the [suses] and you 're greeted with the usual menu bar at the top of the screen , beneath which is a nice toolbar , complete with colourful icons .

One of the problems with Complete Works is that it does n't integrate very well with other applications .
one of the problems with complete works is that it does n't integrate very well with other [suses] .

Despite the problems with linking the various applications together , a great deal of thought has gone into making Complete Works an easy to use , fully-featured package .
despite the problems with linking the various [suses] together , a great deal of thought has gone into making complete works an easy to use , fully-featured package .

The applications in WindowWorks have plenty of features .
the [suses] in windowworks have plenty of features .

In addition to the main three applications the package has an address book , a labelling program and a comms program .
in addition to the main three [suses] the package has an address book , a labelling program and a comms program .

Windows applications love memory .
windows [suses] love memory .

Database applications are heavy on the hard disk , so a fast cached hard disk will really make a difference when you 're sorting and searching for files .
database [suses] are heavy on the hard disk , so a fast cached hard disk will really make a difference when you 're sorting and searching for files .

And then there 're the classic multi-user applications , like sales order processing , where different users have to work on the same file at the same time .
and then there 're the classic multi-user [suses] , like sales order processing , where different users have to work on the same file at the same time .

Taking out a separate maintenance contract can also bring you peace of mind if you 're running mission-critical applications — those vital programs you need to have running if your business is going to survive .
taking out a separate maintenance contract can also bring you peace of mind if you 're running mission-critical [suses] — those vital programs you need to have running if your business is going to survive .

You can then use it in all your favourite Windows applications .
you can then use it in all your favourite windows [suses] .

Again , there are drawing , image editing , charting and slideshow applications and a lorry-load of fonts and clip-art .
again , there are drawing , image editing , charting and slideshow [suses] and a lorry-load of fonts and clip-art .

The applications are a doddle to learn — most Windows users will be able to get stuck in straight away without a second glance at the manual — and they include a flowcharting module as well as Twain scanning support .
the [suses] are a doddle to learn — most windows users will be able to get stuck in straight away without a second glance at the manual — and they include a flowcharting module as well as twain scanning support .

Although the drawing and charting applications are n't as sophisticated as Corel 's , the package is consistent , cheerful , and very easy to use .
although the drawing and charting [suses] are n't as sophisticated as corel 's , the package is consistent , cheerful , and very easy to use .

And now , on with the considerably more destructive process of deleting applications from Windows .
and now , on with the considerably more destructive process of deleting [suses] from windows .

Oracle Corp is reportedly readying a glass shattering plunge into the Microsoft Corp Windows 3 world with Oracle Business Manager , a set of client/server front-end tools for integrating Oracle applications with other Windows applications such as Lotus Development Corp 's 1–2-3 for Windows and the Microsoft Word processor , and to run queries on the data locally and do graphs .
oracle corp is reportedly readying a glass shattering plunge into the microsoft corp windows 3 world with oracle business manager , a set of client/server front-end tools for integrating oracle [suses] with other windows [suses] such as lotus development corp 's 1–2-3 for windows and the microsoft word processor , and to run queries on the data locally and do graphs .

SunSoft Inc 's all-important solution for running Microsoft Corp Windows applications on its watershed Solaris 2.0-on-Intel operating system is reportedly being developed outside by a little-known 10-person firm called Praxsys Technologies Inc in Norwood , Massachusetts .
sunsoft inc 's all-important solution for running microsoft corp windows [suses] on its watershed solaris 2.0-on-intel operating system is reportedly being developed outside by a little-known 10-person firm called praxsys technologies inc in norwood , massachusetts .

Crossroad Systems Inc , an 18-month-old Boston , Massachusetts-based start-up , has come out with a new development framework for integrating heterogeneous applications into a single environment on Unix networks .
crossroad systems inc , an 18-month-old boston , massachusetts-based start-up , has come out with a new development framework for integrating heterogeneous [suses] into a single environment on unix networks .

Intersel , which is targeting software Ingres Computer Systems Inc 's Ingres Corp has integrated Unix System Labs ' Tuxedo transaction processing monitor in with its applications development tool , Windows4GL .
intersel , which is targeting software ingres computer systems inc 's ingres corp has integrated unix system labs ' tuxedo transaction processing monitor in with its [suses] development tool , windows4gl .

Objectivity Inc has integrated its Objectivity/DB database with Persistence Software Inc 's Persistence application development environment , claiming at allows developers to write object-oriented applications that work will with existing relational and object databases .
objectivity inc has integrated its objectivity/db database with persistence software inc 's persistence application development environment , claiming at allows developers to write object-oriented [suses] that work will with existing relational and object databases .

Its supposed to be focused on the seamless integration of applications , data , user interfaces and other computing resources among heterogeneous systems .
its supposed to be focused on the seamless integration of [suses] , data , user interfaces and other computing resources among heterogeneous systems .

It is completely parallel and can intelligently farm bits of itself and applications across multiple processors , or alternatively sit on just one .
it is completely parallel and can intelligently farm bits of itself and [suses] across multiple processors , or alternatively sit on just one .

All applications , and the bulk of Taos itself is written in Virtual Processor code , so that at run-time the code is loaded onto a real processor and translated on the fly into the chip 's native instruction set .
all [suses] , and the bulk of taos itself is written in virtual processor code , so that at run-time the code is loaded onto a real processor and translated on the fly into the chip 's native instruction set .

Meanwhile , Unix System Labs , which has a good server story but may lack something on the desktop end like applications , is reportedly trying to get Quorum interested in Destiny .
meanwhile , unix system labs , which has a good server story but may lack something on the desktop end like [suses] , is reportedly trying to get quorum interested in destiny .

According to insiders , sales of NeXT computers in Japan are proving difficult , despite a growing number of Japanese language applications for NeXT .
according to insiders , sales of next computers in japan are proving difficult , despite a growing number of japanese language [suses] for next .

It has signed on undisclosed terms to use Oracle Corp 's manufacturing and financial applications , including software engineering products worldwide ; Oracle Manufacturing will be installed in Sun Microsystems Computer Corp manufacturing plants worldwide and Oracle Financials will be installed throughout Sun 's subsidiaries , including sites in Europe , Asia and North America in what is claimed to be the first-ever distributed system to address multi-site , multi-plant , multi-country , and multi-lingual requirements ; the value of the pact to Oracle was not given .
it has signed on undisclosed terms to use oracle corp 's manufacturing and financial [suses] , including software engineering products worldwide ; oracle manufacturing will be installed in sun microsystems computer corp manufacturing plants worldwide and oracle financials will be installed throughout sun 's subsidiaries , including sites in europe , asia and north america in what is claimed to be the first-ever distributed system to address multi-site , multi-plant , multi-country , and multi-lingual requirements ; the value of the pact to oracle was not given .

SunSoft Inc has adopted London-based Alex Technolgies Ltd 's graphical user interface tool for use with Solaris 2.0 in its master developer series on Intel and Sparc platforms : Alex allows users to transform their character applications to run under Open Look without modifications to the code .
sunsoft inc has adopted london-based alex technolgies ltd 's graphical user interface tool for use with solaris 2.0 in its master developer series on intel and sparc platforms : alex allows users to transform their character [suses] to run under open look without modifications to the code .

HaL Computer Systems will sell NetLabs Inc 's NetLab/Manager software as an option on its Sparc machines when they arrive : HaL apparently intends to build applications on top of the basic network management tool .
hal computer systems will sell netlabs inc 's netlab/manager software as an option on its sparc machines when they arrive : hal apparently intends to build [suses] on top of the basic network management tool .

Aurum Software Inc , Santa Clara , California , has announced the Aurum Customer Resource Planning system , a suite of client/server Unix applications which support all major databases and GUIs : the four are TeleTrak , a telemarketing package ; SalesTrak for field sales ; SupportTrak , for customer support ; and QualityTrak , for quality management — prices range from $10,000 to $200,000 .
aurum software inc , santa clara , california , has announced the aurum customer resource planning system , a suite of client/server unix [suses] which support all major databases and guis : the four are teletrak , a telemarketing package ; salestrak for field sales ; supporttrak , for customer support ; and qualitytrak , for quality management — prices range from $10,000 to $200,000 .

Of those that responded ‘ oui ’ , the top three evolutive choices were , in order of preference : establishing a new client-server architecture ; converting applications for dedicated servers ; and interconnecting networks .
of those that responded ‘ oui ’ , the top three evolutive choices were , in order of preference : establishing a new client-server architecture ; converting [suses] for dedicated servers ; and interconnecting networks .

Electronic Engineering Times reports that Systems and Processes Engineering Corporation down in Texas has got first silicon in its NASA-backed effort to make a 200MHz gallium arsenide Sparc module for use in space applications .
electronic engineering times reports that systems and processes engineering corporation down in texas has got first silicon in its nasa-backed effort to make a 200mhz gallium arsenide sparc module for use in space [suses] .

Structured Software Solutions Inc 's FacetTerm , its Unix multi-session interface , will now support AlphaWindows — alphanumeric terminals bringing point click environments to character-based applications .
structured software solutions inc 's facetterm , its unix multi-session interface , will now support alphawindows — alphanumeric terminals bringing point click environments to character-based [suses] .

All applications for the post were to be accompanied by testimonials ‘ from the place of their medical education and of their attendance at medical and anatomical lectures ’ .
all [suses] for the post were to be accompanied by testimonials ‘ from the place of their medical education and of their attendance at medical and anatomical lectures ’ .

The inference is clear to keep the application rate very low — no more than ½ ounce ( 14g ) in 2 gallons ( 9 litres ) of water per 2 square yards ( 2 square metres ) , and applications at least 3 weeks apart .
the inference is clear to keep the application rate very low — no more than ½ ounce ( 14g ) in 2 gallons ( 9 litres ) of water per 2 square yards ( 2 square metres ) , and [suses] at least 3 weeks apart .

The condition can also follow heavy applications of lime and is one of the risks that have to be taken when a heavy liming is needed to neutralize severe acidity quickly when it is causing problems like canker for example .
the condition can also follow heavy [suses] of lime and is one of the risks that have to be taken when a heavy liming is needed to neutralize severe acidity quickly when it is causing problems like canker for example .

As part of his investigation into the extent of racial disadvantage in Britain , Smith set up an experiment in which the independent variable was race and the dependent variable was the success or otherwise of applications for a broad range of jobs .
as part of his investigation into the extent of racial disadvantage in britain , smith set up an experiment in which the independent variable was race and the dependent variable was the success or otherwise of [suses] for a broad range of jobs .

Its first two major applications were as light and motive power and they are still the most familiar ; both can be conveniently dated in 1879 , when Edison perfected the incandescent lamp and Siemens made his electric tram .
its first two major [suses] were as light and motive power and they are still the most familiar ; both can be conveniently dated in 1879 , when edison perfected the incandescent lamp and siemens made his electric tram .

Secondly , the Soviets ' penchant for canvassing exhaustively for the best and cheapest may succeed in these objectives , but at the cost of enormous delay between the time when applications are approved and machinery actually installed .
secondly , the soviets ' penchant for canvassing exhaustively for the best and cheapest may succeed in these objectives , but at the cost of enormous delay between the time when [suses] are approved and machinery actually installed .

There is no small irony in this , as applications to purchase foreign technology in the first place will only be approved if the relevant Soviet machine building ministry can not produce something of the appropriate standard and quantity in the time required .
there is no small irony in this , as [suses] to purchase foreign technology in the first place will only be approved if the relevant soviet machine building ministry can not produce something of the appropriate standard and quantity in the time required .

As well as a basic management framework a variety of applications are required to suit different commercial environments , including change and configuration management , security management , inventory monitoring and analysis , client/server application management and operations management .
as well as a basic management framework a variety of [suses] are required to suit different commercial environments , including change and configuration management , security management , inventory monitoring and analysis , client/server application management and operations management .

To get independent software vendors interested in its technology , Tivoli first had to get a system management framework and basic services established for applications to reside on .
to get independent software vendors interested in its technology , tivoli first had to get a system management framework and basic services established for [suses] to reside on .

If the Unix suppliers are able to agree on a consistent systems management application programming interface — and each also uses a similar implementation of the Object Management Group 's Common Object Request Broker Architecture — Corba — independent software vendors would be able to offer binary system management applications running across a variety of platforms .
if the unix suppliers are able to agree on a consistent systems management application programming interface — and each also uses a similar implementation of the object management group 's common object request broker architecture — corba — independent software vendors would be able to offer binary system management [suses] running across a variety of platforms .

Inquiry has no bearing on the practical concerns of life , and science should not be valued for any ( unscientific ) practical applications that may be made of its current resting places ( 1.616ff . )
inquiry has no bearing on the practical concerns of life , and science should not be valued for any ( unscientific ) practical [suses] that may be made of its current resting places ( 1.616ff . )

The bad normative applications of evolutionary theory to ethics which were made by Spencer and others also , of course , involved a lot of bad evolutionary theory : if normative lessons could be drawn from Darwinian theory , there is certainly no reason why they should take the form suggested by Social Darwinists .
the bad normative [suses] of evolutionary theory to ethics which were made by spencer and others also , of course , involved a lot of bad evolutionary theory : if normative lessons could be drawn from darwinian theory , there is certainly no reason why they should take the form suggested by social darwinists .

The principles of the two applications of games theory are in many ways the same but their results point , in a sense , in opposite directions .
the principles of the two [suses] of games theory are in many ways the same but their results point , in a sense , in opposite directions .

They are not , as Rollin seems to imply , distillations of our intuitions which we then dispense in new applications .
they are not , as rollin seems to imply , distillations of our intuitions which we then dispense in new [suses] .

The concepts of a right and a liberty ( as opposed to freedom generally ) probably originated however , in systems of juridical law , and it is in legal systems that they have their most subtle and interesting applications and most thorough and detailed elaborations . ( Feinberg 1973 : 55–6 )
the concepts of a right and a liberty ( as opposed to freedom generally ) probably originated however , in systems of juridical law , and it is in legal systems that they have their most subtle and interesting [suses] and most thorough and detailed elaborations . ( feinberg 1973 : 55–6 )

Menlo Park , California-based Objectivity Inc says its shipped over 50,000 development and runtime licences for Objectivity/DB and says there are 20 Objectivity applications in production .
menlo park , california-based objectivity inc says its shipped over 50,000 development and runtime licences for objectivity/db and says there are 20 objectivity [suses] in production .

In one central passage the Apostle Paul brings together the essence of this teaching from both Testaments , and with some clearly articulated principles lays down teaching which has many straightforward and practical applications for the frustrations and conflicts which many families experience today .
in one central passage the apostle paul brings together the essence of this teaching from both testaments , and with some clearly articulated principles lays down teaching which has many straightforward and practical [suses] for the frustrations and conflicts which many families experience today .

Apart from the face that consideration of scenic impact seems to carry little weight in the decision making process , there is another distressing angle to these applications .
apart from the face that consideration of scenic impact seems to carry little weight in the decision making process , there is another distressing angle to these [suses] .

As was the case with desktop publishing , we are essentially teaching the applications of electronic publishing rather than the ‘ hard ’ science , whether electronics or computing , that lies behind it .
as was the case with desktop publishing , we are essentially teaching the [suses] of electronic publishing rather than the ‘ hard ’ science , whether electronics or computing , that lies behind it .

For instance , we may agree that the course should include such topics as word processing , graphics scanning and page makeup applications , but there could be debate as to which heading ( s ) they fall under .
for instance , we may agree that the course should include such topics as word processing , graphics scanning and page makeup [suses] , but there could be debate as to which heading ( s ) they fall under .

Essentially , however , all of these fall into one of five groups , each with its own specific applications .
essentially , however , all of these fall into one of five groups , each with its own specific [suses] .

The Workhorse is supplied as a single pair of hinges , for use as a sawbench ; or as two pairs , which can be used to create a stable trestle on uneven ground , for such applications as a garden barbecue or fête table .
the workhorse is supplied as a single pair of hinges , for use as a sawbench ; or as two pairs , which can be used to create a stable trestle on uneven ground , for such [suses] as a garden barbecue or fête table .

For the man-made option , ‘ Cumulus ’ is a luxury 100 % ‘ Hi-Loft ’ Virgin Polyester fibre which is highly suitable for a variety of filling applications including cushions , upholstery and toys .
for the man-made option , ‘ cumulus ’ is a luxury 100 % ‘ hi-loft ’ virgin polyester fibre which is highly suitable for a variety of filling [suses] including cushions , upholstery and toys .

Following on from difference ( 2 ) — the integration difference — most real hypertext applications involve working with other tools .
following on from difference ( 2 ) — the integration difference — most real hypertext [suses] involve working with other tools .

Implicit links have proved to be difficult for the machine to locate automatically but can be entered manually by the user in most hyper-text systems and in small-scale applications can provide very rich structures .
implicit links have proved to be difficult for the machine to locate automatically but can be entered manually by the user in most hyper-text systems and in small-scale [suses] can provide very rich structures .

The Asylum and Immigration Appeals Bill , which aims to curb bogus applications and speed up the processing of cases , has been attacked by campaigners and a mass lobby was held outside Parliament before the debate began .
the asylum and immigration appeals bill , which aims to curb bogus [suses] and speed up the processing of cases , has been attacked by campaigners and a mass lobby was held outside parliament before the debate began .

Of the 40,000 asylum applications made last year , nine out of 10 were unfounded .
of the 40,000 asylum [suses] made last year , nine out of 10 were unfounded .

Labour 's shadow home secretary Tony Blair said : ‘ No one condones bogus applications for asylum .
labour 's shadow home secretary tony blair said : ‘ no one condones bogus [suses] for asylum .

Mr Clark , 64 , who stood down at the last election , had assured him that he had not advised companies to conceal military use when preparing export licence applications .
mr clark , 64 , who stood down at the last election , had assured him that he had not advised companies to conceal military use when preparing export licence [suses] .

Energy applications for muon catalysed fusion , Jones ' main research line up to that time , were appearing to be very remote and in August 1988 Jones decided to mount a vigorous effort to pursue the piezonuclear fusion .
energy [suses] for muon catalysed fusion , jones ' main research line up to that time , were appearing to be very remote and in august 1988 jones decided to mount a vigorous effort to pursue the piezonuclear fusion .

Metallic hydrogen could have applications as a room temperature superconductor , and could be a powerful fuel useful in nuclear devices and as an explosive .
metallic hydrogen could have [suses] as a room temperature superconductor , and could be a powerful fuel useful in nuclear devices and as an explosive .

‘ We believe the technology will have major applications , not just for orthopedics .
‘ we believe the technology will have major [suses] , not just for orthopedics .

Many of the objections to plastics of the thermosetting type for household goods and such-like applications have been got over by the development of the ‘ thermoplastic ’ resins which came into use on a large scale after 1945 .
many of the objections to plastics of the thermosetting type for household goods and such-like [suses] have been got over by the development of the ‘ thermoplastic ’ resins which came into use on a large scale after 1945 .

In this time , you can file new applications if further modifications to your idea strike .
in this time , you can file new [suses] if further modifications to your idea strike .

The Inland Revenue is now applying stricter rules in considering applications for Profit Related Pay scheme registration .
the inland revenue is now applying stricter rules in considering [suses] for profit related pay scheme registration .

And although industrial and space robots are obvious potential applications areas for these retinas , so is their use alongside other remote sensing equipment in automated substitutes for guide dogs .
and although industrial and space robots are obvious potential [suses] areas for these retinas , so is their use alongside other remote sensing equipment in automated substitutes for guide dogs .

Less controversial , are applications where robots are undertaking tasks which would be impractical or even impossible for humans .
less controversial , are [suses] where robots are undertaking tasks which would be impractical or even impossible for humans .

Now the motive is more often to allow multiple users to share data and applications .
now the motive is more often to allow multiple users to share data and [suses] .

When you 're running applications on the Unix ‘ host ’ , you can share the work between the host and the workstation : the workstation can take care of local jobs such as the dialogue between system and user , while the Unix box handles data management and maybe other shared processing .
when you 're running [suses] on the unix ‘ host ’ , you can share the work between the host and the workstation : the workstation can take care of local jobs such as the dialogue between system and user , while the unix box handles data management and maybe other shared processing .

This type of ‘ client-server ’ architecture also makes it possible to provide a uniform way for users to talk to applications running on different platforms .
this type of ‘ client-server ’ architecture also makes it possible to provide a uniform way for users to talk to [suses] running on different platforms .

As we near 2000 we can expect to see not only more networking , but also networks that operate at higher speed and with greater capacity to cope with the increasing demands of modern computer applications such as ‘ multimedia ’ .
as we near 2000 we can expect to see not only more networking , but also networks that operate at higher speed and with greater capacity to cope with the increasing demands of modern computer [suses] such as ‘ multimedia ’ .

Kevin Scully , senior vice-president of Global Systems and Technology , says : ‘ What we have can be described as a centralised database with applications that are decentralised on a global basis .
kevin scully , senior vice-president of global systems and technology , says : ‘ what we have can be described as a centralised database with [suses] that are decentralised on a global basis .

All we had to do was to make sure we had powerful enough equipment on each side of the ‘ lake ’ to run the applications .
all we had to do was to make sure we had powerful enough equipment on each side of the ‘ lake ’ to run the [suses] .

At local level , Sumitomo uses its LANs to integrate various financial and office applications .
at local level , sumitomo uses its lans to integrate various financial and office [suses] .

Local area networks are now expected to enable users to share both data and applications .
local area networks are now expected to enable users to share both data and [suses] .

When wireless communications become available for a wider range of portables , the prevalence of Notes and applications like it will go a long way towards tying into networks PCs that are being under-utilised as little more than personal information managers .
when wireless communications become available for a wider range of portables , the prevalence of notes and [suses] like it will go a long way towards tying into networks pcs that are being under-utilised as little more than personal information managers .

It claims to be the first software supplier to design , develop and market accounting applications software specifically for the growing client-server marketplace .
it claims to be the first software supplier to design , develop and market accounting [suses] software specifically for the growing client-server marketplace .

Dodge aims to provide a set of financial systems , which will enable users of networked computers to run sophisticated accounting applications that would formerly have required the power of a mainframe .
dodge aims to provide a set of financial systems , which will enable users of networked computers to run sophisticated accounting [suses] that would formerly have required the power of a mainframe .

various applications packages .
various [suses] packages .

But the mix of applications packages will vary from supplier to supplier .
but the mix of [suses] packages will vary from supplier to supplier .

Art 9 ( 4 ) of the Second Banking Directive , 89/646 , allows the Commission to take retaliatory measures against discrimination , such as blocking takeovers or new applications for operating licences from non-EC financial services firms .
art 9 ( 4 ) of the second banking directive , 89/646 , allows the commission to take retaliatory measures against discrimination , such as blocking takeovers or new [suses] for operating licences from non-ec financial services firms .

The authorities sometimes turned down applications for butcher 's licences because they feared that the presence of such establishments would lead to increases in cattle stealing .
the authorities sometimes turned down [suses] for butcher 's licences because they feared that the presence of such establishments would lead to increases in cattle stealing .

Applications to the panel by auditors might be equally rare , since these could be seen as acknowledging a failure to establish an effective ( and durable ) professional relationship .
[suses] to the panel by auditors might be equally rare , since these could be seen as acknowledging a failure to establish an effective ( and durable ) professional relationship .

Applications for larger penalties would be to the High Court .
[suses] for larger penalties would be to the high court .

Critics of multimedia say that it is a solution looking for a problem , but during the past few years it has delivered many useful applications , some of them in the financial sector .
critics of multimedia say that it is a solution looking for a problem , but during the past few years it has delivered many useful [suses] , some of them in the financial sector .

Even with existing technologies applications are emerging in areas as diverse as shopfloor guidance , document filing and building planning and management .
even with existing technologies [suses] are emerging in areas as diverse as shopfloor guidance , document filing and building planning and management .

These include low-cost lines for data transfer and a cheaper alternative to packet switching , plus cheaper multimedia applications like videoconferencing and videotelephony .
these include low-cost lines for data transfer and a cheaper alternative to packet switching , plus cheaper multimedia [suses] like videoconferencing and videotelephony .

Among the applications he foresees are remote auditing , where accountants could get instant access to their clients ' accounting systems via an on-line data link .
among the [suses] he foresees are remote auditing , where accountants could get instant access to their clients ' accounting systems via an on-line data link .

Other accounting applications Baird and Fletcher suggest include year-end reconciliations , electronic transfer of invoices , remote stock-taking using video terminals , and videoconferencing for discussions with senior management at a client .
other accounting [suses] baird and fletcher suggest include year-end reconciliations , electronic transfer of invoices , remote stock-taking using video terminals , and videoconferencing for discussions with senior management at a client .

Applications of special interest to accountants include voice annotated balance sheets and accounts , and remote auditing and stock taking
[suses] of special interest to accountants include voice annotated balance sheets and accounts , and remote auditing and stock taking

Datafile Compact ( from £350 ) is aimed at the first-time/small business user , Professional ( from £250 per module ) is for the small-to-medium sized user , while the most powerful offering in the range , Premier ( from £450 per module ) is a complete management information system and includes its own applications generator .
datafile compact ( from £350 ) is aimed at the first-time/small business user , professional ( from £250 per module ) is for the small-to-medium sized user , while the most powerful offering in the range , premier ( from £450 per module ) is a complete management information system and includes its own [suses] generator .

Oracle : Release 9 of Oracle Applications features enhanced user financial reporting facilities for human resources , manufacturing and financial applications .
oracle : release 9 of oracle [suses] features enhanced user financial reporting facilities for human resources , manufacturing and financial [suses] .

Lawson : Ernst & Young is the first major accountancy firm to become an authorised implementor of Lawson Software 's financial and distribution applications .
lawson : ernst & young is the first major accountancy firm to become an authorised implementor of lawson software 's financial and distribution [suses] .

Dismissing the judicial review applications , Mr Justice Popplewell said that although by tracing the matter through the documents it was plain to see how the mistake had occurred , it was not an obvious clerical mistake ( as the Crown contended ) that the Court could correct as a matter of construction without recourse to rectification .
dismissing the judicial review [suses] , mr justice popplewell said that although by tracing the matter through the documents it was plain to see how the mistake had occurred , it was not an obvious clerical mistake ( as the crown contended ) that the court could correct as a matter of construction without recourse to rectification .

Entry for both races is limited and late applications will only be able to take part in fun runs held after the main events .
entry for both races is limited and late [suses] will only be able to take part in fun runs held after the main events .

Now Richmond have sent me applications for the coming year at Twickenham .
now richmond have sent me [suses] for the coming year at twickenham .

Creamy cleansers are most effective at removing makeup , regardless of your skin type ( always use two applications for a thorough cleanse ) , but they do tend to leave a greasy residue .
creamy cleansers are most effective at removing makeup , regardless of your skin type ( always use two [suses] for a thorough cleanse ) , but they do tend to leave a greasy residue .

These days , an employer can receive 400 applications in response to one job ad .
these days , an employer can receive 400 [suses] in response to one job ad .

Matthew Wauchope , sales director at Imago Systems , which supplies integrated human resource management applications for use on mainframes , minis and multi-user PCs to medium to large-size companies , also stresses the need for very functional systems that can be tailored to meet different users ' requirements .
matthew wauchope , sales director at imago systems , which supplies integrated human resource management [suses] for use on mainframes , minis and multi-user pcs to medium to large-size companies , also stresses the need for very functional systems that can be tailored to meet different users ' requirements .

‘ The London Stock Exchange has sensibly indicated that it will view sympathetically applications by companies to reduce the amount of an issue which needs to be offered to the public .
‘ the london stock exchange has sensibly indicated that it will view sympathetically [suses] by companies to reduce the amount of an issue which needs to be offered to the public .

While still dealing with a steady flow of new applications , the committee has now become more concerned with its main tasks of monitoring compliance with the regulations , and considering whether firms and partners satisfy the requirement of being ‘ fit and proper ’ .
while still dealing with a steady flow of new [suses] , the committee has now become more concerned with its main tasks of monitoring compliance with the regulations , and considering whether firms and partners satisfy the requirement of being ‘ fit and proper ’ .

Although the case was ‘ exceptional ’ , due to the size of the financial crash , and a careful balance between the administrators ' reasonable needs and the oppression of the addressee was necessary , applications were not necessarily unreasonable because they were inconvenient to the addressee , caused a lot of work or made them vulnerable to future claims .
although the case was ‘ exceptional ’ , due to the size of the financial crash , and a careful balance between the administrators ' reasonable needs and the oppression of the addressee was necessary , [suses] were not necessarily unreasonable because they were inconvenient to the addressee , caused a lot of work or made them vulnerable to future claims .

Midland Bank , another Micro Control user , is only now migrating away from mainframe applications .
midland bank , another micro control user , is only now migrating away from mainframe [suses] .

First , they both prevent any one employee from exercising exclusive control over specific functions or applications .
first , they both prevent any one employee from exercising exclusive control over specific functions or [suses] .

In addition , for control purposes , the following are examples of functions which should be performed by different individuals : input control , data conversion/entry , job scheduling , applications design , systems programming and program testing .
in addition , for control purposes , the following are examples of functions which should be performed by different individuals : input control , data conversion/entry , job scheduling , [suses] design , systems programming and program testing .

Applications to fly executive jets were rejected and an attempt to become a government air accident investigator failed .
[suses] to fly executive jets were rejected and an attempt to become a government air accident investigator failed .

Police had continually opposed bail applications by Tindell who spent a year in custody .
police had continually opposed bail [suses] by tindell who spent a year in custody .

The avalanche of applications for the £8,500-a-year post as a customer services assistant poured in to the Seeboard electrical company at Hove , East Sussex .
the avalanche of [suses] for the £8,500-a-year post as a customer services assistant poured in to the seeboard electrical company at hove , east sussex .

The firm has been deluged by applications for tickets after it offered two flights to Europe with every Hoover product bought worth more than £100 .
the firm has been deluged by [suses] for tickets after it offered two flights to europe with every hoover product bought worth more than £100 .

The fuel for this growth has been the demand by users to share applications and data , and to connect disparate information systems and environments , rather than computing in isolation .
the fuel for this growth has been the demand by users to share [suses] and data , and to connect disparate information systems and environments , rather than computing in isolation .

Applications for 250 shares will be satisfied in full and anyone asking for 500 gets 75% , ie 375 shares .
[suses] for 250 shares will be satisfied in full and anyone asking for 500 gets 75% , ie 375 shares .

These descriptions — the first-order applications of theory , as Corder calls them — then serve as a source of information , an inventory of items from which the language to be taught can be directly derived .
these descriptions — the first-order [suses] of theory , as corder calls them — then serve as a source of information , an inventory of items from which the language to be taught can be directly derived .

According to Neil Hayward , golf development officer of the English Golf Union , the union received requests for advice on 2,000 planning applications between 1988 and 1992 .
according to neil hayward , golf development officer of the english golf union , the union received requests for advice on 2,000 planning [suses] between 1988 and 1992 .

On the other hand , new products are also emerging that extend the scope of the spreadsheet beyond its traditional applications and into the world of multi-dimensional modelling .
on the other hand , new products are also emerging that extend the scope of the spreadsheet beyond its traditional [suses] and into the world of multi-dimensional modelling .

Lotus views this as the first step in providing intergroup capabilities for applications like spreadsheets .
lotus views this as the first step in providing intergroup capabilities for [suses] like spreadsheets .

Networks are merely an enabling technology , and the applications that run on them little more than means to an end : information .
networks are merely an enabling technology , and the [suses] that run on them little more than means to an end : information .

This will capture information from around the world , store it in meaningful applications , and make it available to users who need it .
this will capture information from around the world , store it in meaningful [suses] , and make it available to users who need it .

The winner will also get 10 copies of Microsoft Office , plus a bundle of Microsoft 's most popular applications .
the winner will also get 10 copies of microsoft office , plus a bundle of microsoft 's most popular [suses] .

The work of historians on kin relations in the past raises some very important questions about the nature of reciprocity and how it operates in particular economic circumstances , which have direct applications to the present and the future .
the work of historians on kin relations in the past raises some very important questions about the nature of reciprocity and how it operates in particular economic circumstances , which have direct [suses] to the present and the future .

‘ The result of this decision will be more applications for care orders and more children removed from their homes in order to protect them , ’ he said .
‘ the result of this decision will be more [suses] for care orders and more children removed from their homes in order to protect them , ’ he said .

many applications for secure orders are made with the child 's consent ;
many [suses] for secure orders are made with the child 's consent ;

few magistrates have much experience of applications or confidence in turning them down . With striking exceptions , social workers had a low opinion of the quality of court decision making ;
few magistrates have much experience of [suses] or confidence in turning them down . with striking exceptions , social workers had a low opinion of the quality of court decision making ;

most courts were unwilling to turn down applications from expert professionals .
most courts were unwilling to turn down [suses] from expert professionals .

Rigorous departmental scrutiny should precede all renewal applications .
rigorous departmental scrutiny should precede all renewal [suses] .

Due to the availability of government grants , crofters can now fence off their allocation of the common grazings , and , with applications of limestone and fertiliser , can convert heather-covered hillsides to grass fields which can ‘ carry ’ more sheep in the same area of ground .
due to the availability of government grants , crofters can now fence off their allocation of the common grazings , and , with [suses] of limestone and fertiliser , can convert heather-covered hillsides to grass fields which can ‘ carry ’ more sheep in the same area of ground .

As well as a basic management framework , a variety of applications are required to suit different commercial environments , including change and configuration management , security management , inventory monitoring and analysis , client-server application management and operations management .
as well as a basic management framework , a variety of [suses] are required to suit different commercial environments , including change and configuration management , security management , inventory monitoring and analysis , client-server application management and operations management .

To get independent software vendors interested in its technology , Tivoli first had to get a system management framework and basic services established for applications to reside on .
to get independent software vendors interested in its technology , tivoli first had to get a system management framework and basic services established for [suses] to reside on .

MacMillan Bloedel is expected soon to submit applications for cutting permits .
macmillan bloedel is expected soon to submit [suses] for cutting permits .

In applications for new patents in America , existing patents of Japanese origin are more frequently cited than those from any other country .
in [suses] for new patents in america , existing patents of japanese origin are more frequently cited than those from any other country .

To aid sales of his systems , he encouraged other software companies to develop applications programs ( which tell the computer how to work as a word processor , spreadsheet , database manager and the like ) for use with them .
to aid sales of his systems , he encouraged other software companies to develop [suses] programs ( which tell the computer how to work as a word processor , spreadsheet , database manager and the like ) for use with them .

Microsoft 's margins will face more pressure as a price war in applications software hots up .
microsoft 's margins will face more pressure as a price war in [suses] software hots up .

Eighteen months ago , most applications software for personal computers cost over $ 100 a throw .
eighteen months ago , most [suses] software for personal computers cost over $ 100 a throw .

First languages , then operating systems , then applications software , now implementation and service contracts for favoured clients .
first languages , then operating systems , then [suses] software , now implementation and service contracts for favoured clients .

Its PC-software strategy centres on brand loyalty : lure customers in with operating systems , sell them applications software , keep them sweet — and the cash flowing in — with regular upgrades .
its pc-software strategy centres on brand loyalty : lure customers in with operating systems , sell them [suses] software , keep them sweet — and the cash flowing in — with regular upgrades .

The past decade has seem a dramatic growth in the number of complainants trying to use judicial review , from about 500 applications a year in the early 1980s to 2,439 last year .
the past decade has seem a dramatic growth in the number of complainants trying to use judicial review , from about 500 [suses] a year in the early 1980s to 2,439 last year .

For example , in the past two years many applications have been made against local authorities ' handling of assessment and service delivery for children with special educational needs .
for example , in the past two years many [suses] have been made against local authorities ' handling of assessment and service delivery for children with special educational needs .

There is also confusion over applications about residential care .
there is also confusion over [suses] about residential care .

However the High Court can no longer keep up with the increase in applications for judicial reviews — there is an average delay of 18 months in getting a case heard .
however the high court can no longer keep up with the increase in [suses] for judicial reviews — there is an average delay of 18 months in getting a case heard .

The Law Commission is reviewing the system , and aims to reduce applications , mainly by moving complainants into another legal forum .
the law commission is reviewing the system , and aims to reduce [suses] , mainly by moving complainants into another legal forum .

The technology , which is intended to enable users tp link , transfer and share objects between documents created by different Unix desktop applications and between Unix and Microsoft Corp Windows applications , is intended to become a standard feature of Unix desktop applications by the first half of 1994 .
the technology , which is intended to enable users tp link , transfer and share objects between documents created by different unix desktop [suses] and between unix and microsoft corp windows [suses] , is intended to become a standard feature of unix desktop [suses] by the first half of 1994 .

Application Linking Technology is similar in function to Microsoft Corp 's Object Linking & Embedding specification , which enables users to cut and paste objects , text , spreadsheets , sound , video and graphics between different Windows applications .
application linking technology is similar in function to microsoft corp 's object linking & embedding specification , which enables users to cut and paste objects , text , spreadsheets , sound , video and graphics between different windows [suses] .

Unix International says Application Linking capabilities will significantly enhance the attractiveness of Unix-based applications in general-use environments .
unix international says application linking capabilities will significantly enhance the attractiveness of unix-based [suses] in general-use environments .

NetDirector for Unix consists of Hewlett 's OpenView and Network Node Manager application , and Ungermann applications and future third party applications .
netdirector for unix consists of hewlett 's openview and network node manager application , and ungermann [suses] and future third party [suses] .

The Halifax says that mortgage applications this year are 40 % up on 1992 .
the halifax says that mortgage [suses] this year are 40 % up on 1992 .

An advanced ferrofluid could also find applications ranging from medicine ( perhaps to guide drugs to different parts of the body ) to mechanics ( for instance , as a leak-free sealing compound ) .
an advanced ferrofluid could also find [suses] ranging from medicine ( perhaps to guide drugs to different parts of the body ) to mechanics ( for instance , as a leak-free sealing compound ) .

In areas where manufacturers or users were unwilling to pioneer applications , moreover , the Electricity Boards were able to finance demonstration projects , with some success in areas such as off-peak concrete-embedded electric floor heating for new factory , office and housing projects , and novel industrial processes of small scale .
in areas where manufacturers or users were unwilling to pioneer [suses] , moreover , the electricity boards were able to finance demonstration projects , with some success in areas such as off-peak concrete-embedded electric floor heating for new factory , office and housing projects , and novel industrial processes of small scale .

Mr Hall says Timex produces more goods now than before the strike , and he has received ‘ a fair number ’ of job applications from workers sacked at the beginning of the dispute , who could find no other job in recession-hit Dundee .
mr hall says timex produces more goods now than before the strike , and he has received ‘ a fair number ’ of job [suses] from workers sacked at the beginning of the dispute , who could find no other job in recession-hit dundee .

They are also distinctly user-unfriendly , and will not usually run PC-users ' favourite applications programs ( such as word processors ) .
they are also distinctly user-unfriendly , and will not usually run pc-users ' favourite [suses] programs ( such as word processors ) .

Sophisticated voters have become increasingly adept at chasing away new applications for waste-treatment plants .
sophisticated voters have become increasingly adept at chasing away new [suses] for waste-treatment plants .

It is completely parallel and can intelligently farm bits of itself and applications across multiple processors , or alternatively sit on just one .
it is completely parallel and can intelligently farm bits of itself and [suses] across multiple processors , or alternatively sit on just one .

Once there , 95 % of their applications for residence are rejected .
once there , 95 % of their [suses] for residence are rejected .

In Europe as a whole , applications for asylum rose more than ten-fold between 1983 and 1992 .
in europe as a whole , [suses] for asylum rose more than ten-fold between 1983 and 1992 .

Though some of those applications came from people who would be generally recognised as refugees , many — between half and two-thirds , according to some observers — are fleeing poverty not persecution .
though some of those [suses] came from people who would be generally recognised as refugees , many — between half and two-thirds , according to some observers — are fleeing poverty not persecution .

Nearly two-thirds of all applications for asylum in Europe last year went to Germany , compared with less than half in 1988 .
nearly two-thirds of all [suses] for asylum in europe last year went to germany , compared with less than half in 1988 .

Behind the decline in asylum applications to France has been an effort by the French government to clear the backlog .
behind the decline in asylum [suses] to france has been an effort by the french government to clear the backlog .

France also denies refugees the right to work while their applications are being processed .
france also denies refugees the right to work while their [suses] are being processed .

Directors would normally maintain such lists of candidates in order of the date of receipt of the applications , but this apparent fairness had occasionally to be circumvented in case of urgent necessity by borrowing from another director with a less crowded list in the case of an older candidate , for it was often not feasible to advance a candidate over the heads of others in a list for fear of giving lasting offence .
directors would normally maintain such lists of candidates in order of the date of receipt of the [suses] , but this apparent fairness had occasionally to be circumvented in case of urgent necessity by borrowing from another director with a less crowded list in the case of an older candidate , for it was often not feasible to advance a candidate over the heads of others in a list for fear of giving lasting offence .

In the early eighteenth century poverty was partially responsible for the many applications for military rank , for in the first half of the century even a commission in a new regiment , and the near certainty of half-pay at the conclusion of the war emergency , was attractive .
in the early eighteenth century poverty was partially responsible for the many [suses] for military rank , for in the first half of the century even a commission in a new regiment , and the near certainty of half-pay at the conclusion of the war emergency , was attractive .

However , in some applications , Type 669 continues to be the favoured emulsion , particularly for high key and high contrast subjects , where the difference is in the film 's sensitometry , specifically in the toe region of the curve .
however , in some [suses] , type 669 continues to be the favoured emulsion , particularly for high key and high contrast subjects , where the difference is in the film 's sensitometry , specifically in the toe region of the curve .

What never needs sharpening , is completely dishwasher safe and is covered by a 25 year guarantee ? The answer is the latest ‘ Laser 5 ’ scissor range from Richardson Sheffield Ltd. , which includes eight different types of stylish , quality scissors to suit a variety of cutting applications , from embroidery and dressmaking to household and general purpose .
what never needs sharpening , is completely dishwasher safe and is covered by a 25 year guarantee ? the answer is the latest ‘ laser 5 ’ scissor range from richardson sheffield ltd. , which includes eight different types of stylish , quality scissors to suit a variety of cutting [suses] , from embroidery and dressmaking to household and general purpose .

‘ Now he 's seeing it like this ' , ‘ now like that ’ would only be said of someone capable of making certain applications of the figure quite freely .
‘ now he 's seeing it like this ' , ‘ now like that ’ would only be said of someone capable of making certain [suses] of the figure quite freely .

Hundreds of applications have already been received by the Department from organisations which feel that they qualify for this largesse .
hundreds of [suses] have already been received by the department from organisations which feel that they qualify for this largesse .

Not surprisingly , job applications tended to be concentrated in the early stages of unemployment and to cease when older workers became discouraged from making further , fruitless efforts .
not surprisingly , job [suses] tended to be concentrated in the early stages of unemployment and to cease when older workers became discouraged from making further , fruitless efforts .

It was the Committee of Ministers which had the ability to determine budgets , decide on employment in the secretariat , and rule on applications for membership .
it was the committee of ministers which had the ability to determine budgets , decide on employment in the secretariat , and rule on [suses] for membership .

In France , there are the Centres d'Etudes of the Directions des Applications Militaires which is a sub-division of the Commission d'Energie Atomique at Ripault .
in france , there are the centres d'etudes of the directions des [suses] militaires which is a sub-division of the commission d'energie atomique at ripault .

The final section , ‘ Projections ’ , has been lengthened to cover the newest applications of computer technology , and to give students the opportunity for extensive reading .
the final section , ‘ projections ’ , has been lengthened to cover the newest [suses] of computer technology , and to give students the opportunity for extensive reading .

The seemingly endless variations and applications all circle round and reflect the single theme .
the seemingly endless variations and [suses] all circle round and reflect the single theme .

Xerox Corp says scientists at its Palo Alto Research Center have developed two flat-screen active matrix liquid crystal diode displays that offer image quality similar to a laser-printed document : the colour and black-and-white displays were originally designed for Xerox research and development and are not available as commercial products yet , but applications could affect office automation , desktop publishing , and engineering workstations , the company suggested .
xerox corp says scientists at its palo alto research center have developed two flat-screen active matrix liquid crystal diode displays that offer image quality similar to a laser-printed document : the colour and black-and-white displays were originally designed for xerox research and development and are not available as commercial products yet , but [suses] could affect office automation , desktop publishing , and engineering workstations , the company suggested .

In the same way , second language learning approaches and applications such as interpreting have all drawn on spoken languages from communities which have separate cultural and geographical identities .
in the same way , second language learning approaches and [suses] such as interpreting have all drawn on spoken languages from communities which have separate cultural and geographical identities .

Some ideal applications include loud-speaker supports , telephone stands , and alcove and ornamental shelves .
some ideal [suses] include loud-speaker supports , telephone stands , and alcove and ornamental shelves .

In all major areas ( secondary school selection , the applications of financial grants to specific activities , school building , staffing levels … ) the local authority made decisions and the teaching force were the agents through which policy was implemented .
in all major areas ( secondary school selection , the [suses] of financial grants to specific activities , school building , staffing levels … ) the local authority made decisions and the teaching force were the agents through which policy was implemented .

According to Professor Midwinter of University College London , optoelectronics research is instead becoming increasingly focussed on communications and switching applications — from fibre optic cabling through to the internal structure of microchips .
according to professor midwinter of university college london , optoelectronics research is instead becoming increasingly focussed on communications and switching [suses] — from fibre optic cabling through to the internal structure of microchips .

Emphasizing the applications and relevance of science : To obtain a major qualitative improvement to recruitment in science with more girls and with students possessing imaginative , flexible minds it would be necessary to make science appealing to boys and girls at the moratorium stage .
emphasizing the [suses] and relevance of science : to obtain a major qualitative improvement to recruitment in science with more girls and with students possessing imaginative , flexible minds it would be necessary to make science appealing to boys and girls at the moratorium stage .

Of course , many things have changed , but even in the Nuffield era ‘ the emphasis has remained on abstract … ‘ technically sweet ’ science , dissociated from its applications and implications ’ .
of course , many things have changed , but even in the nuffield era ‘ the emphasis has remained on abstract … ‘ technically sweet ’ science , dissociated from its [suses] and implications ’ .

John Morrill has recently suggested , in an as yet unpublished paper , that the religious history of the period 1640 to 1660 can be usefully viewed as a revolt by large numbers of the English people against the more rigid applications of the doctrines of predestination and perseverance .
john morrill has recently suggested , in an as yet unpublished paper , that the religious history of the period 1640 to 1660 can be usefully viewed as a revolt by large numbers of the english people against the more rigid [suses] of the doctrines of predestination and perseverance .

If the article was unstained , and was finished with a clear coating , the damaged area can be filled up by repeated applications of a clear polyurethane , transparent French polish or cold cure lacquer .
if the article was unstained , and was finished with a clear coating , the damaged area can be filled up by repeated [suses] of a clear polyurethane , transparent french polish or cold cure lacquer .

The way in which bank managers exercise their individual discretion over loan applications ( often in a personal interview ) seems to be a daunting prospect to many people often , perhaps , correctly .
the way in which bank managers exercise their individual discretion over loan [suses] ( often in a personal interview ) seems to be a daunting prospect to many people often , perhaps , correctly .

Indeed , the Consumer Credit Association ( representing predominantly weekly collection small credit traders and moneylenders ) told us that their members may turn down about half of all the applications they get .
indeed , the consumer credit association ( representing predominantly weekly collection small credit traders and moneylenders ) told us that their members may turn down about half of all the [suses] they get .

This statement would be available on request to customers from the lender or through the Consumer Credit Public Register which already covers licences and licence applications .
this statement would be available on request to customers from the lender or through the consumer credit public register which already covers licences and licence [suses] .

The different shapes and sizes in this set will cover most applications on hard/soft woods , chipboard , blockboard and hardboard , as well as plastics , laminates , plaster , ceramics , body fillers and even soft metals like aluminium and copper .
the different shapes and sizes in this set will cover most [suses] on hard/soft woods , chipboard , blockboard and hardboard , as well as plastics , laminates , plaster , ceramics , body fillers and even soft metals like aluminium and copper .

Over the next few months we talked and prayed about it and in the Spring we submitted applications for staffing on the King 's Lodge Base at Nuneaton , starting in April 1993 . When the reply came it was to ask us to consider joining the team in September 1992 !
over the next few months we talked and prayed about it and in the spring we submitted [suses] for staffing on the king 's lodge base at nuneaton , starting in april 1993 . when the reply came it was to ask us to consider joining the team in september 1992 !

Riggers are for letting , lining out and landscape applications .
riggers are for letting , lining out and landscape [suses] .

However the best brushes to use are probably hog for thick applications and synthetic for watercolour techniques .
however the best brushes to use are probably hog for thick [suses] and synthetic for watercolour techniques .

Liquid acrylic paints come in many viscosities , and , as a result , can be used for a variety of applications .
liquid acrylic paints come in many viscosities , and , as a result , can be used for a variety of [suses] .

Calligraphers should also find many applications for these paints .
calligraphers should also find many [suses] for these paints .

Liquitex as produced a whole range of Technique Sheets with extremely useful guidelines for most applications .
liquitex as produced a whole range of technique sheets with extremely useful guidelines for most [suses] .

If you are prepared to live dangerously , you can take many of the techniques above and combine them in one image , or , you may even discover completely new applications for this superb medium .
if you are prepared to live dangerously , you can take many of the techniques above and combine them in one image , or , you may even discover completely new [suses] for this superb medium .

On the very last day for applications ( by coincidence ?
on the very last day for [suses] ( by coincidence ?

Marx and Engels ' thought progressively acquired the character of Holy Writ from which quotations were exhaustively ransacked to legitimate all subsequent applications of ‘ Marxist ’ ideas .
marx and engels ' thought progressively acquired the character of holy writ from which quotations were exhaustively ransacked to legitimate all subsequent [suses] of ‘ marxist ’ ideas .

Sun Microsystems Inc has a joint marketing and sales agreement for Visix Software Inc 's Galaxy software , which allows developers to write a single version of a graphical front-end for applications that will run under a variety of graphical user interfaces .
sun microsystems inc has a joint marketing and sales agreement for visix software inc 's galaxy software , which allows developers to write a single version of a graphical front-end for [suses] that will run under a variety of graphical user interfaces .

The Open Graphics Initiative launched by Sun Microsystems Inc more than a year ago to provide an interoperable interface between graphics applications and hardware in the Sparc-compatible market , has published its first complete set of foundation libraries for developers .
the open graphics initiative launched by sun microsystems inc more than a year ago to provide an interoperable interface between graphics [suses] and hardware in the sparc-compatible market , has published its first complete set of foundation libraries for developers .

As such , it has introduced Frame Builder , a development environment for creating and using document applications that support the Standard Generalised Markup language .
as such , it has introduced frame builder , a development environment for creating and using document [suses] that support the standard generalised markup language .

An Association of Ukrainian computer professionals has been established in Kiev : according to Business World newspaper , the association has been formed to co-ordinate the development of business software applications and provide training for end users .
an association of ukrainian computer professionals has been established in kiev : according to business world newspaper , the association has been formed to co-ordinate the development of business software [suses] and provide training for end users .

Tivoli Systems Inc is porting its Management Environment from Solaris 1.1 to 2.1 , expecting it to be ready by the second quarter , with all applications available by the third quarter .
tivoli systems inc is porting its management environment from solaris 1.1 to 2.1 , expecting it to be ready by the second quarter , with all [suses] available by the third quarter .

Sun Microsystems Inc planet SunPro , has licensed MetaWare Inc 's iAPX-86 code generation technology for a new family of compilers called ProCompilers , to developing applications on Solaris-for-Intel : they are now available in the Solaris-for-Intel early access kit .
sun microsystems inc planet sunpro , has licensed metaware inc 's iapx-86 code generation technology for a new family of compilers called procompilers , to developing [suses] on solaris-for-intel : they are now available in the solaris-for-intel early access kit .

Although SunPro 's Russian boffins are working on technology that will optimise the performance of Sparc compilers , allowing applications to run faster , it does n't look like any of their developments will benefit SuperSparc users for some time .
although sunpro 's russian boffins are working on technology that will optimise the performance of sparc compilers , allowing [suses] to run faster , it does n't look like any of their developments will benefit supersparc users for some time .

Harris Corp 's Computer Systems Division has introduced NightTrace , a graphical tool for analysing the behaviour of real-time multiprocessor applications , as part of its NightStar real-time software development environment : prices go from $1,000 .
harris corp 's computer systems division has introduced nighttrace , a graphical tool for analysing the behaviour of real-time multiprocessor [suses] , as part of its nightstar real-time software development environment : prices go from $1,000 .

Los Altos , California-based Full Source Software Inc has begun shipping UniShred , a $ 150 suite of media erasure applications that irrevocably delete files and securely obliterate data in files , making any kind of retrieval impossible : it 's claimed to be the first Unix package to conform to the strictest government and commercial standards , directly replacing Unix 's rm utility .
los altos , california-based full source software inc has begun shipping unishred , a $ 150 suite of media erasure [suses] that irrevocably delete files and securely obliterate data in files , making any kind of retrieval impossible : it 's claimed to be the first unix package to conform to the strictest government and commercial standards , directly replacing unix 's rm utility .

Virtual PreVUE can emulate a system with thousands of users , PreVUE-X tests for bugs in X-Windows applications .
virtual prevue can emulate a system with thousands of users , prevue-x tests for bugs in x-windows [suses] .

Inmos is expected to sell about 280,000 Transputers this year , most of them for embedded applications .
inmos is expected to sell about 280,000 transputers this year , most of them for embedded [suses] .

Euless , Texas-based , Xalt Software Corporation has released Xalt Office , a suite of five applications for integrating and managing information and communications in Unix environments .
euless , texas-based , xalt software corporation has released xalt office , a suite of five [suses] for integrating and managing information and communications in unix environments .

The five applications include Xalt Desk — a user interface , which can be used to integrate third party applications ; Xalt Calender ; Xalt Notes — which allows users to write and post electronically ; Xalt mail ; and Xalt People Manager — a company directory with phone , fax and scheduler functions .
the five [suses] include xalt desk — a user interface , which can be used to integrate third party [suses] ; xalt calender ; xalt notes — which allows users to write and post electronically ; xalt mail ; and xalt people manager — a company directory with phone , fax and scheduler functions .

The Los Angeles-based developer has perfected the art of delivering applications developed on Sun Microsystems Inc workstations to other systems through its Cats Meow product — techniques considered of great strategic importance to AimTech which is keen to maximise the portability of its IconAuthor Windows-based authoring tools .
the los angeles-based developer has perfected the art of delivering [suses] developed on sun microsystems inc workstations to other systems through its cats meow product — techniques considered of great strategic importance to aimtech which is keen to maximise the portability of its iconauthor windows-based authoring tools .

Cats Meow , which began shipping in 1991 , is a system for building interactive information applications on Sun workstations using graphics , audio , text and video .
cats meow , which began shipping in 1991 , is a system for building interactive information [suses] on sun workstations using graphics , audio , text and video .

The ability to break individual applications down into separate tasks — as long as the software is written in a suitably modular fashion — is known as application multi-threading , and will be supported in the next release of Solaris 2. x , according to Watkins .
the ability to break individual [suses] down into separate tasks — as long as the software is written in a suitably modular fashion — is known as application multi-threading , and will be supported in the next release of solaris 2. x , according to watkins .

In particular , these issues include confidentiality , discrimination , testing and consent , medical reports , and applications for jobs , life insurance and mortgages .
in particular , these issues include confidentiality , discrimination , testing and consent , medical reports , and [suses] for jobs , life insurance and mortgages .

Having the test can have serious implications for insurance and mortgage applications .
having the test can have serious implications for insurance and mortgage [suses] .

Cornell University invites applications for the position of Director for a new institute within its College of Agriculture and Life Sciences .
cornell university invites [suses] for the position of director for a new institute within its college of agriculture and life sciences .

The County Council is offering three posts and applications are welcomed from highly committed and enthusiastic professionals who are keen to work in an action-orientated team .
the county council is offering three posts and [suses] are welcomed from highly committed and enthusiastic professionals who are keen to work in an action-orientated team .

Closing date for applications is 6 April 1990 .
closing date for [suses] is 6 april 1990 .

Applications to job-share will be considered sympathetically .
[suses] to job-share will be considered sympathetically .

Closing date for receipt of applications is 6 April 1990 .
closing date for receipt of [suses] is 6 april 1990 .

Applications are invited from suitably qualified persons for a senior appointment in Japanese Economic Studies in the School of Economic and Financial Studies , a position that is being established with assistance from Nomura Securities Co Ltd .
[suses] are invited from suitably qualified persons for a senior appointment in japanese economic studies in the school of economic and financial studies , a position that is being established with assistance from nomura securities co ltd .

Applications close 30 April , 1990 .
[suses] close 30 april , 1990 .

Applications are invited from suitably qualified persons for two permanent lectureships in the Division of Economics from September 1990 .
[suses] are invited from suitably qualified persons for two permanent lectureships in the division of economics from september 1990 .

Applications with interests in any aspects of Economics will be considered .
[suses] with interests in any aspects of economics will be considered .

Closing date for applications : Friday 22 June 1990 .
closing date for [suses] : friday 22 june 1990 .

Applications are invited to fill the position of Editor for a growing group of specialist business strategy periodicals and book series targeted to director-level executives .
[suses] are invited to fill the position of editor for a growing group of specialist business strategy periodicals and book series targeted to director-level executives .

Closing date for applications is 6 July 1990 .
closing date for [suses] is 6 july 1990 .

Applications are invited for the chair of Politics , tenable from 1 September 1990 or such other date as may be arranged .
[suses] are invited for the chair of politics , tenable from 1 september 1990 or such other date as may be arranged .

The deadline for applications for the 1991–92 cycle is 1 November 1990 . For information and/or the 1991–92 application forms , please contact :
the deadline for [suses] for the 1991–92 cycle is 1 november 1990 . for information and/or the 1991–92 application forms , please contact :

While applications are welcome from candidates in any area of applied biology , preference will be given to those who will provide strong links with existing research groups within either the Institute itself or the Department of Biology .
while [suses] are welcome from candidates in any area of applied biology , preference will be given to those who will provide strong links with existing research groups within either the institute itself or the department of biology .

The Department of Materials Engineering and Materials Design seeks applications for a full-time position in order to undertake research and teaching in any aspect of materials science and engineering consistent with current multidisciplinary activities .
the department of materials engineering and materials design seeks [suses] for a full-time position in order to undertake research and teaching in any aspect of materials science and engineering consistent with current multidisciplinary activities .

Applications are invited for the post of Research Assistant to work on the structure , function and assembly of the nuclear envelope .
[suses] are invited for the post of research assistant to work on the structure , function and assembly of the nuclear envelope .

While all applications are welcome , nevertheless , it is unlikely that candidates ( male or female ) under the age of 30 will have the depth or width of experience required for these positions .
while all [suses] are welcome , nevertheless , it is unlikely that candidates ( male or female ) under the age of 30 will have the depth or width of experience required for these positions .

We positively welcome applications from suitably qualified individuals irrespective of racial origin , sex or disability .
we positively welcome [suses] from suitably qualified individuals irrespective of racial origin , sex or disability .

Applications are invited from postgraduate or postdoctoral scientists to join a project on the application of the polymerase chain reaction to leprosy .
[suses] are invited from postgraduate or postdoctoral scientists to join a project on the application of the polymerase chain reaction to leprosy .

Applications are invited from suitably qualified candidates to establish the methods for inverting the satellite observations , that will estimate the topography and quantify the errors .
[suses] are invited from suitably qualified candidates to establish the methods for inverting the satellite observations , that will estimate the topography and quantify the errors .

Closing date for receipt of applications is Friday 15th March 1991 .
closing date for receipt of [suses] is friday 15th march 1991 .

Closing date for applications : 6th March 1991 .
closing date for [suses] : 6th march 1991 .

Applications are invited for the post of Scientific Officer/Higher Scientific Officer to work with Dr Noel Buckley in a research programme aimed at examining the transcriptional control of neurotransmitter receptor gene expression .
[suses] are invited for the post of scientific officer/higher scientific officer to work with dr noel buckley in a research programme aimed at examining the transcriptional control of neurotransmitter receptor gene expression .

The closing date for applications is 7 March 1991 .
the closing date for [suses] is 7 march 1991 .

To further strengthen our established team researching and teaching engineering applications of microprocessors .
to further strengthen our established team researching and teaching engineering [suses] of microprocessors .

Applications are invited for a research assistant to work on a three-year SERC-funded programme based at Sheffield University .
[suses] are invited for a research assistant to work on a three-year serc-funded programme based at sheffield university .

Applications are considered on the basis of their suitability for the post(s) regardless of sex , sexual orientation , religion , racial origin , marital status , disablement or age .
[suses] are considered on the basis of their suitability for the post(s) regardless of sex , sexual orientation , religion , racial origin , marital status , disablement or age .

Closing date for completed applications : Friday 8 March 1991 .
closing date for completed [suses] : friday 8 march 1991 .

Applications are invited from suitably qualified candidates with an architectural background for the above posts .
[suses] are invited from suitably qualified candidates with an architectural background for the above posts .

The problem , in many cases , seems to lie less with the original ethnographic descriptions than with secondary and tertiary applications where these data are put into service in the construction of grand theoretical schemes .
the problem , in many cases , seems to lie less with the original ethnographic descriptions than with secondary and tertiary [suses] where these data are put into service in the construction of grand theoretical schemes .

It is of course necessary for landowners or prospective purchasers to apply for planning approval in the usual way and such applications may be refused , particularly where the local planning authority is seeking to ensure comprehensive development of an area , of which the site in question forms only a part .
it is of course necessary for landowners or prospective purchasers to apply for planning approval in the usual way and such [suses] may be refused , particularly where the local planning authority is seeking to ensure comprehensive development of an area , of which the site in question forms only a part .

Any individual is at liberty to visit the offices of the local planning authority and ask to see the monthly or bimonthly list of planning applications that have been submitted .
any individual is at liberty to visit the offices of the local planning authority and ask to see the monthly or bimonthly list of planning [suses] that have been submitted .

There are specialist commercial organisations who will , in exchange for an annual subscription , provide a service listing all planning applications and decisions made by the majority of local planning authorities .
there are specialist commercial organisations who will , in exchange for an annual subscription , provide a service listing all planning [suses] and decisions made by the majority of local planning authorities .

Often applications are rejected because more comprehensive development proposals are required , including land not in the vendor 's ownership .
often [suses] are rejected because more comprehensive development proposals are required , including land not in the vendor 's ownership .

Close study of applications and their results , including objections , enable the developer to build up a comprehensive survey of the current attitudes of the local planning authority to development proposals , and those sites likely to receive favourable consideration .
close study of [suses] and their results , including objections , enable the developer to build up a comprehensive survey of the current attitudes of the local planning authority to development proposals , and those sites likely to receive favourable consideration .

The water authority will reject applications for the use of septic tanks when absorption tests are unsatisfactory or where the siting of the tank could result in pollution to a spring , stream or well used for drinking purposes .
the water authority will reject [suses] for the use of septic tanks when absorption tests are unsatisfactory or where the siting of the tank could result in pollution to a spring , stream or well used for drinking purposes .

Applications can also be made to the Land Tribunal to modify or discharge the restrictive covenant , but this will of course take time .
[suses] can also be made to the land tribunal to modify or discharge the restrictive covenant , but this will of course take time .

( c ) Sources and applications of funds account .
( c ) sources and [suses] of funds account .

This is comforting for applications to policy questions of previously discussed results of the vertical separation literature .
this is comforting for [suses] to policy questions of previously discussed results of the vertical separation literature .

The common law provides quite an armoury of such principles , and new applications can be found for them by a bold judge .
the common law provides quite an armoury of such principles , and new [suses] can be found for them by a bold judge .

Today people are aware that modern ceramic materials offer unrivalled properties for many of our most demanding industrial applications . So is this brochure necessary ; is n't the ceramic market already over-bombarded with technical literature ; why should Matroc add more ?
today people are aware that modern ceramic materials offer unrivalled properties for many of our most demanding industrial [suses] . so is this brochure necessary ; is n't the ceramic market already over-bombarded with technical literature ; why should matroc add more ?

’ But why should we imitate our competitors when Matroc probably supplies a greater range of ceramic materials for more applications than any other manufacturer .
’ but why should we imitate our competitors when matroc probably supplies a greater range of ceramic materials for more [suses] than any other manufacturer .

For them we offer illustrated commentaries on Matroc applications in many market sectors — from gas heaters to medical implants .
for them we offer illustrated commentaries on matroc [suses] in many market sectors — from gas heaters to medical implants .

Today experts are fully agreed that modern ceramic materials offer unsurpassed qualities for many of the most demanding industrial applications .
today experts are fully agreed that modern ceramic materials offer unsurpassed qualities for many of the most demanding industrial [suses] .

Finally , Matroc offers a greater range of ceramics for more applications than most other firms .
finally , matroc offers a greater range of ceramics for more [suses] than most other firms .

5.7.4 Applications of the network concept : a brief review
5.7.4 [suses] of the network concept : a brief review

There are several useful accounts of computer applications available .
there are several useful accounts of computer [suses] available .

Leech and Beale ( 1984 ) provide an overview of their applications in English language research and of the computerized corpuses which are available .
leech and beale ( 1984 ) provide an overview of their [suses] in english language research and of the computerized corpuses which are available .

Before looking at the outcomes of regional policy , it is worth stating again that financial incentives are only one of the two strands of regional policy — the other is the industrial development certificate system through which the government can refuse applications for industrial expansion in prosperous areas thus encouraging firms to move into development areas .
before looking at the outcomes of regional policy , it is worth stating again that financial incentives are only one of the two strands of regional policy — the other is the industrial development certificate system through which the government can refuse [suses] for industrial expansion in prosperous areas thus encouraging firms to move into development areas .

The procedure by way of judicial review was simplified in 1977 and the number of applications rose considerably .
the procedure by way of judicial review was simplified in 1977 and the number of [suses] rose considerably .

During the 1980s , the group providing most of the applications for judicial review were immigrants .
during the 1980s , the group providing most of the [suses] for judicial review were immigrants .

During the years 1981–4 , the number of applications for judicial review from immigrants rose from 157 to 266 per annum .
during the years 1981–4 , the number of [suses] for judicial review from immigrants rose from 157 to 266 per annum .

In 1985 there were 66 applications for judicial review and the number was on the decline .
in 1985 there were 66 [suses] for judicial review and the number was on the decline .

Prior to Puhlhofer , failure to obtain leave to proceed by judicial review occurred in less than 10 per cent of the applications .
prior to puhlhofer , failure to obtain leave to proceed by judicial review occurred in less than 10 per cent of the [suses] .

But following Puhlhofer the number of applications halved to 32 in 1986 and the number refused leave rose from 6 in 1985 to 13 in 1986 .
but following puhlhofer the number of [suses] halved to 32 in 1986 and the number refused leave rose from 6 in 1985 to 13 in 1986 .

But the warnings of Lord Brightman seem to have been made more to discourage even the modest number of applications than to respond to excessive use .
but the warnings of lord brightman seem to have been made more to discourage even the modest number of [suses] than to respond to excessive use .

Nor was he under a duty to appoint a sufficient number of adjudication officers to handle applications within a statutory period .
nor was he under a duty to appoint a sufficient number of adjudication officers to handle [suses] within a statutory period .

But although Harold Wilson was in artistic matters a Philistine , he was better than the later Philistines , since he recognised that the ambit of British culture should not be controlled by his own personal predilections , and he responded with speed and generosity to applications from Jennie Lee for better support for the arts .
but although harold wilson was in artistic matters a philistine , he was better than the later philistines , since he recognised that the ambit of british culture should not be controlled by his own personal predilections , and he responded with speed and generosity to [suses] from jennie lee for better support for the arts .

There is certainly a security problem , in that arranging for security and integrity of data is more complex by comparison with sequential files and this , coupled with their poor performance for sequential applications , makes it obvious why they are not used if a sequential file is appropriate .
there is certainly a security problem , in that arranging for security and integrity of data is more complex by comparison with sequential files and this , coupled with their poor performance for sequential [suses] , makes it obvious why they are not used if a sequential file is appropriate .

Multiple-key applications present different problems from those associated with the single-key files discussed so far .
multiple-key [suses] present different problems from those associated with the single-key files discussed so far .

For applications of size such that equation ( 8 1 ) approximates to :
for [suses] of size such that equation ( 8 1 ) approximates to :

In the past , longer terms do not seem to have affected applications for places .
in the past , longer terms do not seem to have affected [suses] for places .

Figures from the Graduate Teacher Training Registry show that applications for places on teacher training courses for physics are , in 1989 , down by 25 per cent on 1988 , while the 1988 figures were down by 17 per cent on 1987 ( Times Educational Supplement 4 April 1989 ) .
figures from the graduate teacher training registry show that [suses] for places on teacher training courses for physics are , in 1989 , down by 25 per cent on 1988 , while the 1988 figures were down by 17 per cent on 1987 ( times educational supplement 4 april 1989 ) .

The applications of physics have widened and continue to widen at an incredible rate .
the [suses] of physics have widened and continue to widen at an incredible rate .

It is about establishing simple models to explain events and the applications of these models to predict the outcome in unexplored situations .
it is about establishing simple models to explain events and the [suses] of these models to predict the outcome in unexplored situations .

Theory is always taught in the context of real-life applications , preferably drawn from examples to be found in industry .
theory is always taught in the context of real-life [suses] , preferably drawn from examples to be found in industry .

The number of published accounts of these techniques , however , probably exceeded the number of practical applications ( Buchanan , 1979 ) .
the number of published accounts of these techniques , however , probably exceeded the number of practical [suses] ( buchanan , 1979 ) .

Several successful applications of job enlargement , mainly American , were reported in the 1950s .
several successful [suses] of job enlargement , mainly american , were reported in the 1950s .

Applications continued to be reported into the 1970s , but a survey which covered 276 of the 500 largest corporations in America found in 1969 that 80 % had never used or considered job enlargement ( Schoderbek and Reif , 1969 ) .
[suses] continued to be reported into the 1970s , but a survey which covered 276 of the 500 largest corporations in america found in 1969 that 80 % had never used or considered job enlargement ( schoderbek and reif , 1969 ) .

Most applications of work design have involved little or no significant changes to organization structure , and have presented few challenges to the traditional role of management .
most [suses] of work design have involved little or no significant changes to organization structure , and have presented few challenges to the traditional role of management .

In this evolving climate , work redesign techniques are finding new expressions in new applications .
in this evolving climate , work redesign techniques are finding new expressions in new [suses] .

Approaches now being developed have considerably more impact on employee control and discretion , and also on organizational design and the management function , than most previous applications .
approaches now being developed have considerably more impact on employee control and discretion , and also on organizational design and the management function , than most previous [suses] .

The other aspects of the package were fundamental to the successful development of a high-performance system , and distinguish this approach from previous applications of quality-of-working-life techniques .
the other aspects of the package were fundamental to the successful development of a high-performance system , and distinguish this approach from previous [suses] of quality-of-working-life techniques .

Procedure before the industrial tribunal is relatively simple , being designed to make applications easy to process without legal advice , and the rules of evidence are not strictly applied by the tribunal .
procedure before the industrial tribunal is relatively simple , being designed to make [suses] easy to process without legal advice , and the rules of evidence are not strictly applied by the tribunal .

The Magistrates ' Court , when hearing a criminal case , is constituted in the same way as for licensing applications .
the magistrates ' court , when hearing a criminal case , is constituted in the same way as for licensing [suses] .

Univac , which had the most advanced machine , spurned business applications .
univac , which had the most advanced machine , spurned business [suses] .

Its inventor spent the remaining years of his life travelling from dental school to dental school making speeches that forbade dentists to ‘ misuse ’ his noble invention in applications for which he had not intended it .
its inventor spent the remaining years of his life travelling from dental school to dental school making speeches that forbade dentists to ‘ misuse ’ his noble invention in [suses] for which he had not intended it .

But some applications require data tracking in environments ill-suited for on-line solutions .
but some [suses] require data tracking in environments ill-suited for on-line solutions .

Applications engineering is a title which is descriptive .
[suses] engineering is a title which is descriptive .

Not overstretching by trying to cover too wide a range of applications simultaneously is also important .
not overstretching by trying to cover too wide a range of [suses] simultaneously is also important .

But these Big Ideas — and many , many others — quickly found their way into production in foreign countries : routine , standardized production in developing nations or continuous refinement and complex applications in Japan .
but these big ideas — and many , many others — quickly found their way into production in foreign countries : routine , standardized production in developing nations or continuous refinement and complex [suses] in japan .

What is considered the ‘ automobile industry ’ thus becomes a wide variety of technologies evolving toward all sorts of applications that flow from the same strand of technological development toward different markets .
what is considered the ‘ automobile industry ’ thus becomes a wide variety of technologies evolving toward all sorts of [suses] that flow from the same strand of technological development toward different markets .

It is used for improvements and new applications of existing products , and for new products with a low degree of novelty .
it is used for improvements and new [suses] of existing products , and for new products with a low degree of novelty .

Typical applications are found in companies with several medium-sized projects , i.e .
typical [suses] are found in companies with several medium-sized projects , i.e .

When prosecution for pollution does take place , it is in the magistrates ' court , where it shares the stage with licensing applications and speeding motorists .
when prosecution for pollution does take place , it is in the magistrates ' court , where it shares the stage with licensing [suses] and speeding motorists .

This shift has been reflected in a desire to protect the public from the unanticipated consequences of everyday applications of science and technology and accompanied by the growing role of organizations as actors in society .
this shift has been reflected in a desire to protect the public from the unanticipated consequences of everyday [suses] of science and technology and accompanied by the growing role of organizations as actors in society .

Staff must inspect sites for which planning applications have been submitted in order to assess the implications for water pollution of any building or other development .
staff must inspect sites for which planning [suses] have been submitted in order to assess the implications for water pollution of any building or other development .

Most field men call at the office first thing in the morning to collect files , planning applications or other paperwork , and to pick up clean sample bottles or other equipment .
most field men call at the office first thing in the morning to collect files , planning [suses] or other paperwork , and to pick up clean sample bottles or other equipment .

‘ We get a lot of planning applications , ’ said an older inspector .
‘ we get a lot of planning [suses] , ’ said an older inspector .

Among the generalists , Sharp continue to lead the market for pocket electronic organisers with their IQs and have substantially extended the range of plug-in memory card applications .
among the generalists , sharp continue to lead the market for pocket electronic organisers with their iqs and have substantially extended the range of plug-in memory card [suses] .

The notice inviting applications for an appointment as senior lecturer/lecturer in philosophy contained the following paragraph :
the notice inviting [suses] for an appointment as senior lecturer/lecturer in philosophy contained the following paragraph :

It is said , however , that if regard is had to the statutes of the university , referred to in the notice inviting applications , on the basis of which the contract was clearly made even if the statutes were not referred to in the letter , the university had no such right .
it is said , however , that if regard is had to the statutes of the university , referred to in the notice inviting [suses] , on the basis of which the contract was clearly made even if the statutes were not referred to in the letter , the university had no such right .

As far as engineering applications are concerned the most remarkable feature of the curve is that we can get a flux density even in the absence of all external agents .
as far as engineering [suses] are concerned the most remarkable feature of the curve is that we can get a flux density even in the absence of all external agents .

For any company with more than 250 employees , give the policy applied by the company during the financial year : for giving full and fair consideration of applications for employments made by disabled employees for continuing employment and training of employees who have become disabled and otherwise for the training , career development and promotion of disabled employees .
for any company with more than 250 employees , give the policy applied by the company during the financial year : for giving full and fair consideration of [suses] for employments made by disabled employees for continuing employment and training of employees who have become disabled and otherwise for the training , career development and promotion of disabled employees .

The statement should show the profit or loss for the period , together with the adjustments required for items which did not involve the movement of funds . The following other sources and applications of funds should , where material , be shown :
the statement should show the profit or loss for the period , together with the adjustments required for items which did not involve the movement of funds . the following other sources and [suses] of funds should , where material , be shown :

In Scandinavia the root used to be eaten as bread , and the strongly flavoured seeds had all sorts of applications especially to alcoholic drinks .
in scandinavia the root used to be eaten as bread , and the strongly flavoured seeds had all sorts of [suses] especially to alcoholic drinks .

However , it has considerable medicinal applications , and various culinary uses which are becoming more and more popular .
however , it has considerable medicinal [suses] , and various culinary uses which are becoming more and more popular .

, consist of about 30 per cent mucilage , and this has a great number of medicinal applications , known for many centuries .
, consist of about 30 per cent mucilage , and this has a great number of medicinal [suses] , known for many centuries .

These developments are not usually undertaken with educational applications in mind .
these developments are not usually undertaken with educational [suses] in mind .

It 's left to people working in education to discover those applications in their own disciplines .
it 's left to people working in education to discover those [suses] in their own disciplines .

It is to be noticed that bail applications themselves can be dealt with by a single justice by virtue of section 2 ( 2 ) of the Act of 1976 , which provides that in the Act , unless the context otherwise requires , ‘ court ’ includes ‘ a justice of the peace .
it is to be noticed that bail [suses] themselves can be dealt with by a single justice by virtue of section 2 ( 2 ) of the act of 1976 , which provides that in the act , unless the context otherwise requires , ‘ court ’ includes ‘ a justice of the peace .

It 's also possible to play at Old Trafford ( applications are negotiable and subject to committee approval ) .
it 's also possible to play at old trafford ( [suses] are negotiable and subject to committee approval ) .

Joint applications will be shown preference , as well as projects that ‘ strengthen cooperation between basic and applied [ clinical ] research ’ .
joint [suses] will be shown preference , as well as projects that ‘ strengthen cooperation between basic and applied [ clinical ] research ’ .

Shortly stated , the main issue is whether a school which is over-subscribed so that it can not accept all the applications for admission can adopt religious criteria ( i.e. criteria intended to preserve the character of the school ) in selecting the successful applicants for admission and thereby exempt itself under section 6(3) ( a ) from the duty under section 6(2) to give effect to the preferences expressed by parents whose children do not meet such criteria .
shortly stated , the main issue is whether a school which is over-subscribed so that it can not accept all the [suses] for admission can adopt religious criteria ( i.e. criteria intended to preserve the character of the school ) in selecting the successful applicants for admission and thereby exempt itself under section 6(3) ( a ) from the duty under section 6(2) to give effect to the preferences expressed by parents whose children do not meet such criteria .

Their applications were refused on the grounds that they did not meet the admission criteria .
their [suses] were refused on the grounds that they did not meet the admission criteria .

( 4 ) Where the arrangements for the admission of pupils to a school maintained by a local education authority provide for applications for admission to be made to , or to a person acting on behalf of , the governors of the school , a parent who makes such an application shall be regarded for the purposes of subsection ( 2 ) above as having expressed a preference for that school in accordance with arrangements made under subsection ( 1 ) above .
( 4 ) where the arrangements for the admission of pupils to a school maintained by a local education authority provide for [suses] for admission to be made to , or to a person acting on behalf of , the governors of the school , a parent who makes such an application shall be regarded for the purposes of subsection ( 2 ) above as having expressed a preference for that school in accordance with arrangements made under subsection ( 1 ) above .

The statutory framework applicable to the applications for admissions made by the applicants in November 1990 can therefore be summarised as follows .
the statutory framework applicable to the [suses] for admissions made by the applicants in november 1990 can therefore be summarised as follows .

Pahl ( 1966 ) instead suggested that eight distinctive social groups could be identified particularly with respect to housing , although these can have broader applications .
pahl ( 1966 ) instead suggested that eight distinctive social groups could be identified particularly with respect to housing , although these can have broader [suses] .

Finally , the nature of rural employment can also militate against successful mortgage applications because of building societies ' lending preferences for ‘ white-collar ’ occupations .
finally , the nature of rural employment can also militate against successful mortgage [suses] because of building societies ' lending preferences for ‘ white-collar ’ occupations .

Local authorities were to prepare detailed land use plans for their areas against which individual planning applications for new or extended dwellings or for changes in land use were to be evaluated .
local authorities were to prepare detailed land use plans for their areas against which individual planning [suses] for new or extended dwellings or for changes in land use were to be evaluated .

These powers are enshrined as development control procedures which enable local authorities to reject , approve , or approve with conditions , applications for planning permission for new buildings , extensions to existing buildings and changes in land use .
these powers are enshrined as development control procedures which enable local authorities to reject , approve , or approve with conditions , [suses] for planning permission for new buildings , extensions to existing buildings and changes in land use .

Gregory analysed all the planning applications in the area between 1957 and 1966 , and showed that development permission had been refused for 83 per cent of the 3,000 ha for which applications had been made .
gregory analysed all the planning [suses] in the area between 1957 and 1966 , and showed that development permission had been refused for 83 per cent of the 3,000 ha for which [suses] had been made .

Nevertheless , in absolute terms , large numbers of applications are being approved even in protected rural areas The difference between the Devon national parks is also interesting .
nevertheless , in absolute terms , large numbers of [suses] are being approved even in protected rural areas the difference between the devon national parks is also interesting .

The simple existence of development control powers , and the likelihood of having applications refused in an area such as Dartmoor , has probably reduced the number of applications for planning permission .
the simple existence of development control powers , and the likelihood of having [suses] refused in an area such as dartmoor , has probably reduced the number of [suses] for planning permission .

’ In the Devon case studies , it appears that only 9 per cent of all the applications were granted without conditions , and in the two national park study areas the figures were 6 and 3 per cent .
’ in the devon case studies , it appears that only 9 per cent of all the [suses] were granted without conditions , and in the two national park study areas the figures were 6 and 3 per cent .

These general conclusions have been further qualified by Blacksell and Gilg 's ( 1981 ) detailed analysis of planning applications in parts of Devon , where there were large numbers of applications and approvals for residential developments outside the selected settlements .
these general conclusions have been further qualified by blacksell and gilg 's ( 1981 ) detailed analysis of planning [suses] in parts of devon , where there were large numbers of [suses] and approvals for residential developments outside the selected settlements .

The number of applications based on this ground has increased alarmingly over the past few years .
the number of [suses] based on this ground has increased alarmingly over the past few years .

We would like to add to that statement of principle by stressing a point which is sometimes overlooked , namely , that the trial process itself is equipped to deal with the bulk of complaints which have in recent Divisional Court cases founded applications for a stay .
we would like to add to that statement of principle by stressing a point which is sometimes overlooked , namely , that the trial process itself is equipped to deal with the bulk of complaints which have in recent divisional court cases founded [suses] for a stay .

This judgment will , we hope , result in a significant reduction in the number of applications to stay proceedings on the ground of delay .
this judgment will , we hope , result in a significant reduction in the number of [suses] to stay proceedings on the ground of delay .

Held , granting the applications and remitting the case to the magistrates , the essence of the defence case was an allegation that the prosecutor had dishonestly contrived to manipulate the prosecution process so as to avoid the consequences of the legislation which brought the applicants within the custody time limit regulations .
held , granting the [suses] and remitting the case to the magistrates , the essence of the defence case was an allegation that the prosecutor had dishonestly contrived to manipulate the prosecution process so as to avoid the consequences of the legislation which brought the applicants within the custody time limit regulations .

It was , however , not these controversial surface colour applications upon which his reputation was based , but the almost painterly effect of the chisel with which he made an equivalent to human flesh and hair out of hard , cold marble .
it was , however , not these controversial surface colour [suses] upon which his reputation was based , but the almost painterly effect of the chisel with which he made an equivalent to human flesh and hair out of hard , cold marble .

It was such qualities , combined with its outstanding durability and scarcity , that led the Chinese to invest it with the symbolic qualities and applications that served to mark it out all the more emphatically as for them precious beyond all other substances .
it was such qualities , combined with its outstanding durability and scarcity , that led the chinese to invest it with the symbolic qualities and [suses] that served to mark it out all the more emphatically as for them precious beyond all other substances .

In non-criminal proceedings applications to keep a child in secure accommodation are ‘ specified proceedings ’ within the meaning of section 41 .
in non-criminal proceedings [suses] to keep a child in secure accommodation are ‘ specified proceedings ’ within the meaning of section 41 .

One reason for excessive caution on the part of magistrates when dealing with bail applications in the past was the lack of adequate information about defendants , their home circumstances , or the circumstances in which their offence had been committed — information which can help the court assess the defendants ' chances of absconding or re-offending while on bail .
one reason for excessive caution on the part of magistrates when dealing with bail [suses] in the past was the lack of adequate information about defendants , their home circumstances , or the circumstances in which their offence had been committed — information which can help the court assess the defendants ' chances of absconding or re-offending while on bail .

Again , applications may be made by the nearest relative or an approved social worker and two medical recommendations are required .
again , [suses] may be made by the nearest relative or an approved social worker and two medical recommendations are required .

Some applications of the reaction
some [suses] of the reaction

There is an enormous range of novel applications of the reaction , and the list of references contains several comprehensive reviews . Specific examples that have been particularly useful include :
there is an enormous range of novel [suses] of the reaction , and the list of references contains several comprehensive reviews . specific examples that have been particularly useful include :

Specific applications of the reaction in molecular medicine
specific [suses] of the reaction in molecular medicine

As the technique has developed so the range of applications in clinical practice has expanded .
as the technique has developed so the range of [suses] in clinical practice has expanded .

Not surprisingly , employers have reported an increase in formal methods , especially Jobcentres , and unsolicited written applications from the unemployed since the regulations came into force ( Callender and Metcalf , 1991 ) .
not surprisingly , employers have reported an increase in formal methods , especially jobcentres , and unsolicited written [suses] from the unemployed since the regulations came into force ( callender and metcalf , 1991 ) .

The top time wasters ? Waiting for programs to run , reports to print or in-house technical support to solve a problem accounted for $19 billion in lost productivity ; checking printed output a further $17 billion ; and helping others get to grips with applications another $16 billion .
the top time wasters ? waiting for programs to run , reports to print or in-house technical support to solve a problem accounted for $19 billion in lost productivity ; checking printed output a further $17 billion ; and helping others get to grips with [suses] another $16 billion .

Those of you who have no desire to program applications will probably be better off with Access , were it not for Borland 's tasty special offer price .
those of you who have no desire to program [suses] will probably be better off with access , were it not for borland 's tasty special offer price .

Windows applications love memory .
windows [suses] love memory .

Database applications are heavy on the hard disk , so a fast cached hard disk will really make a difference when you 're sorting and searching for files .
database [suses] are heavy on the hard disk , so a fast cached hard disk will really make a difference when you 're sorting and searching for files .

It is n't as though database applications are n't suited to the Windows environment .
it is n't as though database [suses] are n't suited to the windows environment .

For a start , even the simplest database applications are performance-bound .
for a start , even the simplest database [suses] are performance-bound .

Imagine how much more critical performance will be for industrial-strength applications involving multiple linked files with customized applications on top .
imagine how much more critical performance will be for industrial-strength [suses] involving multiple linked files with customized [suses] on top .

Then there 's the mountain of existing database applications .
then there 's the mountain of existing database [suses] .

And just because it looks easy to use a mouse and icons to develop new database applications , it does n't mean that you can forget all about the coding side .
and just because it looks easy to use a mouse and icons to develop new database [suses] , it does n't mean that you can forget all about the coding side .

Yet you can build sophisticated applications with minimal time and effort ; there is n't much you ca n't do .
yet you can build sophisticated [suses] with minimal time and effort ; there is n't much you ca n't do .

To build these clever applications , you just select from menus or fill in the blanks on forms .
to build these clever [suses] , you just select from menus or fill in the blanks on forms .

You do n't need to be a programmer ; there 's no code to write , and you do n't even have to adopt the programmer 's mindset that is so often a prerequisite for building advanced database applications .
you do n't need to be a programmer ; there 's no code to write , and you do n't even have to adopt the programmer 's mindset that is so often a prerequisite for building advanced database [suses] .

For real programmers , DataEase now includes a Custom Defined Functions facility which lets 4.5 applications directly reference sub-routines in a conventional programming language .
for real programmers , dataease now includes a custom defined functions facility which lets 4.5 [suses] directly reference sub-routines in a conventional programming language .

It lists the different elements of a database — data files ( in table form ) , queries ( Query-By-Example , so you fill in a data entry form with the criteria you want matched by the query ) , single-record forms , reports , label formats and applications .
it lists the different elements of a database — data files ( in table form ) , queries ( query-by-example , so you fill in a data entry form with the criteria you want matched by the query ) , single-record forms , reports , label formats and [suses] .

There are too many concepts and procedures to learn , and for simpler applications , if probably wo n't be worth the effort .
there are too many concepts and procedures to learn , and for simpler [suses] , if probably wo n't be worth the effort .

dBase is well worth considering if you 're a real database pro , if you 've got lots of existing dBase applications , or if you 've invested time and effort in building up your dBase expertise .
dbase is well worth considering if you 're a real database pro , if you 've got lots of existing dbase [suses] , or if you 've invested time and effort in building up your dbase expertise .

It 's also capable of running the most sophisticated pen applications available today , so you can dip into the world of pen computing without taking any chances .
it 's also capable of running the most sophisticated pen [suses] available today , so you can dip into the world of pen computing without taking any chances .

This means it 's good for applications where you 're collecting data by picking from prepared lists ( surveys , insurance claims , and so on ) , and poor if you want to enter a lot of text and numbers using the pen .
this means it 's good for [suses] where you 're collecting data by picking from prepared lists ( surveys , insurance claims , and so on ) , and poor if you want to enter a lot of text and numbers using the pen .

It 's also a find DOS/Windows notebook with a good specification , and when proper pen applications start arriving this year , it 'll be ready to take advantage of them .
it 's also a find dos/windows notebook with a good specification , and when proper pen [suses] start arriving this year , it 'll be ready to take advantage of them .

In the not too distant future , there 's the promise of a different set of programs which are being dubbed ‘ pen centric ’ applications ; that is , written specifically to take advantage of the pen .
in the not too distant future , there 's the promise of a different set of programs which are being dubbed ‘ pen centric ’ [suses] ; that is , written specifically to take advantage of the pen .

Where previously there were only a couple of worthwhile applications , there 's now a mass of competing packages .
where previously there were only a couple of worthwhile [suses] , there 's now a mass of competing packages .

Illustration software comes in two forms : bitmapped ' painting ' and vector ‘ drawing ’ applications .
illustration software comes in two forms : bitmapped ' painting ' and vector ‘ drawing ’ [suses] .

This is also why paint applications do n't have very good text handling , because once the text is on the image , it ca n't be edited again in the normal way , only as an area of colour .
this is also why paint [suses] do n't have very good text handling , because once the text is on the image , it ca n't be edited again in the normal way , only as an area of colour .

Slightly further up the scale are the low-end image-editing applications .
slightly further up the scale are the low-end image-editing [suses] .

So the next logical step is to take a look at how to install , run and remove applications from Windows .
so the next logical step is to take a look at how to install , run and remove [suses] from windows .

After all , while Windows is fun to play with , it is n't really a means unto itself ; it 's more a way of running applications like word processors , spreadsheets and so on .
after all , while windows is fun to play with , it is n't really a means unto itself ; it 's more a way of running [suses] like word processors , spreadsheets and so on .

So over the next few months we 'll be looking at the underlying organization of Windows from a practical point of view ; showing you exactly how to install , run and remove applications ( and other things , like printer drivers ) from Windows .
so over the next few months we 'll be looking at the underlying organization of windows from a practical point of view ; showing you exactly how to install , run and remove [suses] ( and other things , like printer drivers ) from windows .

Mainstream applications will make all these changes for you , often without you having to be aware of what 's going on .
mainstream [suses] will make all these changes for you , often without you having to be aware of what 's going on .

Not only is Windows itself configurable , but most of the applications that we use under Windows can also be tailored to your own tastes .
not only is windows itself configurable , but most of the [suses] that we use under windows can also be tailored to your own tastes .

It would be possible for Windows and its applications to store this information in a form that only they could read .
it would be possible for windows and its [suses] to store this information in a form that only they could read .

Double click on the Windows Setup icon , pop down Options and select Setup Applications .
double click on the windows setup icon , pop down options and select setup [suses] .

Then select ‘ Ask you to specify an application ’ which lets you browse for applications .
then select ‘ ask you to specify an application ’ which lets you browse for [suses] .

Finally , setting up applications for Windows in this way can have other effects .
finally , setting up [suses] for windows in this way can have other effects .

Matched pairs of applications were sent for each post — one with an English name and one with an Asian name .
matched pairs of [suses] were sent for each post — one with an english name and one with an asian name .

We sent 46 applications for 23 advertised posts in otolaryngology , paediatric medicine , general surgery , psychiatry , and geriatric medicine .
we sent 46 [suses] for 23 advertised posts in otolaryngology , paediatric medicine , general surgery , psychiatry , and geriatric medicine .

We originally planned a survey covering approximately 100 posts and all hospital specialties ; unfortunately we were arrested by the fraud squad and charged with making fraudulent applications .
we originally planned a survey covering approximately 100 posts and all hospital specialties ; unfortunately we were arrested by the fraud squad and charged with making fraudulent [suses] .

The 1983 circular invited applications for pilot project funding and it also set out new rules and regulations , new guidelines for joint working , not only between the health service and local authorities but also between statutory and voluntary agencies .
the 1983 circular invited [suses] for pilot project funding and it also set out new rules and regulations , new guidelines for joint working , not only between the health service and local authorities but also between statutory and voluntary agencies .

References to the fund in the Association 's annual reports show that `` only the most deserving cases were helped and that `` consideration of many deserving applications had to be deferred `` owing to its low financial state .
references to the fund in the association 's annual reports show that `` only the most deserving cases were helped and that `` consideration of many deserving [suses] had to be deferred `` owing to its low financial state .

This has meant a decline in the number of applications for admission to the Home in recent years , and with the certain reduction in the numbers at the Home in the future by death , it was obvious that the Home — to use a common words these days — was no longer `` viable `` .
this has meant a decline in the number of [suses] for admission to the home in recent years , and with the certain reduction in the numbers at the home in the future by death , it was obvious that the home — to use a common words these days — was no longer `` viable `` .

However , in some applications , Type 669 continues to be the favoured emulsion , particularly for high key and high contrast subjects , where the difference is in the film 's sensitometry , specifically in the toe region of the curve .
however , in some [suses] , type 669 continues to be the favoured emulsion , particularly for high key and high contrast subjects , where the difference is in the film 's sensitometry , specifically in the toe region of the curve .

The laryngeal mask is being modified to produce a version that may afford better protection against aspiration , and this may extend its applications still further .
the laryngeal mask is being modified to produce a version that may afford better protection against aspiration , and this may extend its [suses] still further .

It 's already competitive for most remote site applications , says Shah , who reckons that distributed integration will be cost-competitive by the end of the decade .
it 's already competitive for most remote site [suses] , says shah , who reckons that distributed integration will be cost-competitive by the end of the decade .

The applications
the [suses]

But the plastics in the waste collected by local authorities tend to be dirtier and of mixed types , and the recycled product made from them is more difficult to control and guarantee , especially for applications that will be in contact with food .
but the plastics in the waste collected by local authorities tend to be dirtier and of mixed types , and the recycled product made from them is more difficult to control and guarantee , especially for [suses] that will be in contact with food .

These researchers sent out simulated applications to test the hypothesis that applicants with Asian sounding names were systematically discriminated against in the shortlisting process .
these researchers sent out simulated [suses] to test the hypothesis that applicants with asian sounding names were systematically discriminated against in the shortlisting process .

Despite Smith 's editorial and Esmail and Everington 's short report the medical establishment in Britain will do little to correct the situation other than wonder how to find new barriers or regulations to stop the foreign sounding names appearing in applications before them .
despite smith 's editorial and esmail and everington 's short report the medical establishment in britain will do little to correct the situation other than wonder how to find new barriers or regulations to stop the foreign sounding names appearing in [suses] before them .

The party considered that a building programme of 11 000 new dwellings over a 5-year period was required of which 3000 were needed to deal with slum clearance , 2000 to clear the priority waiting lists and a further 6000 for general waiting list applications .
the party considered that a building programme of 11 000 new dwellings over a 5-year period was required of which 3000 were needed to deal with slum clearance , 2000 to clear the priority waiting lists and a further 6000 for general waiting list [suses] .

Nearly half of all applications are against employers with fewer than 20 employees .
nearly half of all [suses] are against employers with fewer than 20 employees .

Interlocutory Applications
interlocutory [suses]

The purpose of the pre-hearing assessment is to sift out those applications which are unlikely to succeed .
the purpose of the pre-hearing assessment is to sift out those [suses] which are unlikely to succeed .

It also seems that applications to the tribunal selected for a pre-hearing assessment are more likely to proceed to a hearing than other cases , while at the same time the success rate for those who proceed in the face of an ‘ unlikely to succeed ’ warning is not very different from other cases ( DoE , 1988 ) .
it also seems that [suses] to the tribunal selected for a pre-hearing assessment are more likely to proceed to a hearing than other cases , while at the same time the success rate for those who proceed in the face of an ‘ unlikely to succeed ’ warning is not very different from other cases ( doe , 1988 ) .

In order to tackle the perceived problem of unfounded applications , the Government had proposed in 1986 in its White Paper Building Businesses … Not Barriers that there should be a £25 fee payable on making an application to an industrial tribunal .
in order to tackle the perceived problem of unfounded [suses] , the government had proposed in 1986 in its white paper building businesses … not barriers that there should be a £25 fee payable on making an application to an industrial tribunal .

The Dickens study reports that the contribution of lay members on matters of industrial and practical knowledge are tempered by the carefully constructed legal framework within which unfair dismissal applications must be considered .
the dickens study reports that the contribution of lay members on matters of industrial and practical knowledge are tempered by the carefully constructed legal framework within which unfair dismissal [suses] must be considered .

In 1988 there were 1087 applications for leave to seek judicial review in all civil cases of which 618 were allowed to proceed to consideration of their merits ( Judicial Statistics , 1988 ) .
in 1988 there were 1087 [suses] for leave to seek judicial review in all civil cases of which 618 were allowed to proceed to consideration of their merits ( judicial statistics , 1988 ) .

Most importantly , of course , the single judge may decide applications for leave to appeal .
most importantly , of course , the single judge may decide [suses] for leave to appeal .

This should be distinguished from the Appeal Committee which considers applications for leave to appeal .
this should be distinguished from the appeal committee which considers [suses] for leave to appeal .

No applications are invited for High Court judgeships , though they are for Circuit judgeships ( Shetreet , 1976 ; Lord Chancellor 's Department , 1990 ) .
no [suses] are invited for high court judgeships , though they are for circuit judgeships ( shetreet , 1976 ; lord chancellor 's department , 1990 ) .

applications to the domestic panel of the magistrates ' court for various kinds of matrimonial relief ;
[suses] to the domestic panel of the magistrates ' court for various kinds of matrimonial relief ;

applications to Mental Health Review Tribunals ;
[suses] to mental health review tribunals ;

applications concerning certain prisoners before Prison Visitors .
[suses] concerning certain prisoners before prison visitors .

It is also often used to pay for the preliminary work involved in making applications for civil and criminal legal aid .
it is also often used to pay for the preliminary work involved in making [suses] for civil and criminal legal aid .

The principal function of the Tribunal is to determine applications in respect of solicitors relating to allegations of unbefitting conduct or breaches of the rules relating to professional practice , conduct and discipline .
the principal function of the tribunal is to determine [suses] in respect of solicitors relating to allegations of unbefitting conduct or breaches of the rules relating to professional practice , conduct and discipline .

Most applications are made by The Law Society through its Adjudication Committee , but it is open to anyone to make application to the Tribunal without recourse to The Law Society .
most [suses] are made by the law society through its adjudication committee , but it is open to anyone to make application to the tribunal without recourse to the law society .

The Lay Observer also has power to make applications .
the lay observer also has power to make [suses] .

Learning is fast enough for realistic applications .
learning is fast enough for realistic [suses] .

They have other applications too .
they have other [suses] too .

Subsection ( 3 ) provides for applications made by various other people including other people with parental responsibility .
subsection ( 3 ) provides for [suses] made by various other people including other people with parental responsibility .

It is open to various people , as set out in section 34 , to make applications for contact and the local authority , under section 34 ( 4 ) , can apply for authority to refuse contact , but unless such an application is made the court is not involved .
it is open to various people , as set out in section 34 , to make [suses] for contact and the local authority , under section 34 ( 4 ) , can apply for authority to refuse contact , but unless such an application is made the court is not involved .

The Divisional Court dismissed the applications .
the divisional court dismissed the [suses] .

In that case the court was considering applications for judicial review by four prisoners serving sentences of imprisonment for life imposed in the discretion of the trial judges for offences other than murder ( manslaughter by reason of diminished responsibility , false imprisonment of and sexual offences with boys , and arson by two of the appellants ) .
in that case the court was considering [suses] for judicial review by four prisoners serving sentences of imprisonment for life imposed in the discretion of the trial judges for offences other than murder ( manslaughter by reason of diminished responsibility , false imprisonment of and sexual offences with boys , and arson by two of the appellants ) .

In addition , Lord Meston submits that the court also had ‘ rights of custody ’ in the context of the Convention , because it had made orders in the course of the cross-motions before it which indicated that it was seized of the matter and that it had not determined either the father 's or the mother 's substantive applications and had adjourned the hearing of the mother 's substantive application for custody and for leave to remove the child from the jurisdiction until a date in August .
in addition , lord meston submits that the court also had ‘ rights of custody ’ in the context of the convention , because it had made orders in the course of the cross-motions before it which indicated that it was seized of the matter and that it had not determined either the father 's or the mother 's substantive [suses] and had adjourned the hearing of the mother 's substantive application for custody and for leave to remove the child from the jurisdiction until a date in august .

Subsection ( 7 ) gives the court power to require the contravener to furnish accounts or other information for the purposes of applications made under subsection ( 3 ) .
subsection ( 7 ) gives the court power to require the contravener to furnish accounts or other information for the purposes of [suses] made under subsection ( 3 ) .

Applications dismissed .
[suses] dismissed .

‘ when the corporation consider applications for licences under the Town Police Clauses Act 1847 , they are under a duty to act fairly .
‘ when the corporation consider [suses] for licences under the town police clauses act 1847 , they are under a duty to act fairly .

‘ Thirdly it is true , as the judgments in the Court of Appeal point out , that ex parte applications are frequently made to the courts and granted without hearing the party affected : but merely to say this overlooks that procedure invariably exists , and is where necessary invoked , for enabling the party affected rapidly to seek annulment or amendment of the order made against him .
‘ thirdly it is true , as the judgments in the court of appeal point out , that ex parte [suses] are frequently made to the courts and granted without hearing the party affected : but merely to say this overlooks that procedure invariably exists , and is where necessary invoked , for enabling the party affected rapidly to seek annulment or amendment of the order made against him .

Applications under the sections with which this appeal are concerned are ‘ insolvency proceedings : ’ rule 13.7 .
[suses] under the sections with which this appeal are concerned are ‘ insolvency proceedings : ’ rule 13.7 .

The district judge refused both applications .
the district judge refused both [suses] .

During the same period Mr. Osman has pursued applications for judicial review in Hong Kong .
during the same period mr. osman has pursued [suses] for judicial review in hong kong .

To put these contentions into effect the applicant made two applications in the district court to which the cases had been transferred .
to put these contentions into effect the applicant made two [suses] in the district court to which the cases had been transferred .

‘ The second question is whether this conclusion applies to all applications for judicial review .
‘ the second question is whether this conclusion applies to all [suses] for judicial review .

Nobody could doubt that the applications made by the applicant to the district judge were applications in a criminal cause , for their purpose was to determine the way in which the prosecution should proceed .
nobody could doubt that the [suses] made by the applicant to the district judge were [suses] in a criminal cause , for their purpose was to determine the way in which the prosecution should proceed .

The number of applications based on this ground has increased alarmingly over the past few years .
the number of [suses] based on this ground has increased alarmingly over the past few years .

This judgment will , we hope , result in a significant reduction in the number of applications to stay proceedings on the ground of delay .
this judgment will , we hope , result in a significant reduction in the number of [suses] to stay proceedings on the ground of delay .

‘ In the nature of things most respondents applications for discovery in aid of restraint orders would be able to rely upon the privilege against self-incrimination and the fact that Parliament has made no special provision in this regard suggests that , in that context , restrictions upon the use which can be made of the information were accepted as being effective .
‘ in the nature of things most respondents [suses] for discovery in aid of restraint orders would be able to rely upon the privilege against self-incrimination and the fact that parliament has made no special provision in this regard suggests that , in that context , restrictions upon the use which can be made of the information were accepted as being effective .

Children — Residence order — Leave to apply — Applications by former foster mother — Children in care of local authority — Mother not notified of applications — Whether leave to be granted — Children Act 1989 ( c. 41 ) , s. 10(9)
children — residence order — leave to apply — [suses] by former foster mother — children in care of local authority — mother not notified of [suses] — whether leave to be granted — children act 1989 ( c. 41 ) , s. 10(9)

On appeal by the local authority , supported by the mother , and on their applications to adduce further evidence : —
on appeal by the local authority , supported by the mother , and on their [suses] to adduce further evidence : —

By applications dated 13 December 1991 pursuant to section 10 ( 9 ) of the Children Act 1989 the foster mother sought leave to apply for residence orders under section 8 of the Act of 1989 in respect of the children .
by [suses] dated 13 december 1991 pursuant to section 10 ( 9 ) of the children act 1989 the foster mother sought leave to apply for residence orders under section 8 of the act of 1989 in respect of the children .

By agreement between the foster mother and the local authority the hearing of the substantive application for judicial review commenced on 11 December 1991 was to be treated as the hearing of the applications under section 10 ( 9 ) of the Act of 1989 , and the foster mother agreed to the formal dismissal of her application for judicial review if leave were granted .
by agreement between the foster mother and the local authority the hearing of the substantive application for judicial review commenced on 11 december 1991 was to be treated as the hearing of the [suses] under section 10 ( 9 ) of the act of 1989 , and the foster mother agreed to the formal dismissal of her application for judicial review if leave were granted .

On 20 December the judge granted the applications under section 10 ( 9 ) .
on 20 december the judge granted the [suses] under section 10 ( 9 ) .

By applications made to the Court of Appeal the local authority and the natural mother sought to adduce further evidence .
by [suses] made to the court of appeal the local authority and the natural mother sought to adduce further evidence .

Applications for leave to address fresh evidence granted .
[suses] for leave to address fresh evidence granted .

Further applications in committal proceedings where no error by the court at the original hearing is alleged should be dealt with by an application to the county court for a rehearing under Order 37 of the County Court Rules 1981 .
further [suses] in committal proceedings where no error by the court at the original hearing is alleged should be dealt with by an application to the county court for a rehearing under order 37 of the county court rules 1981 .

‘ What are the principles governing costs in applications for financial relief in the Family Division and , in particular , in cases where open offers and Calderbank offers are made ? In particular , what is the starting-point of entitlement to costs ?
‘ what are the principles governing costs in [suses] for financial relief in the family division and , in particular , in cases where open offers and calderbank offers are made ? in particular , what is the starting-point of entitlement to costs ?

He accordingly dismissed the applications .
he accordingly dismissed the [suses] .

By the Family Proceedings Rules 1991 , coming into force on the same day as the Act , that is to say 14 October 1991 , applications under the Act are to be found under rule 4.4 , and under paragraph ( 4 ) there is set out the way in which ex parte applications can be made under section 8 in respect of a prohibited steps order or a specific issue order , and then in respect of emergency protection orders and recovery orders .
by the family proceedings rules 1991 , coming into force on the same day as the act , that is to say 14 october 1991 , [suses] under the act are to be found under rule 4.4 , and under paragraph ( 4 ) there is set out the way in which ex parte [suses] can be made under section 8 in respect of a prohibited steps order or a specific issue order , and then in respect of emergency protection orders and recovery orders .

In this case , as in all other ex parte applications , it is not to be taken that an ex parte application for the return of a child , or an ex parte application for an interim residence order , will be granted easily .
in this case , as in all other ex parte [suses] , it is not to be taken that an ex parte application for the return of a child , or an ex parte application for an interim residence order , will be granted easily .

Applications to the Court and Enforcement
[suses] to the court and enforcement

2 Applications
2 [suses]

Rules 7.2 to 7.4 set out the procedure and practice on the filing and service of originating and other applications .
rules 7.2 to 7.4 set out the procedure and practice on the filing and service of originating and other [suses] .

3 Hearing of applications
3 hearing of [suses]

All applications are to be made , in the first instance , to the registrar , unless the judge has given a general or special direction to the contrary or the order sought is not within the registrar 's power to make ( r 7.6(2) ) .
all [suses] are to be made , in the first instance , to the registrar , unless the judge has given a general or special direction to the contrary or the order sought is not within the registrar 's power to make ( r 7.6(2) ) .

The fee on all applications to a registrar is £10 .
the fee on all [suses] to a registrar is £10 .

The fee on all applications to a judge is £15 .
the fee on all [suses] to a judge is £15 .

Polycrystalline silicone cells , which are 12 per cent efficient , are also used in solar panels for other applications , as are amorphous silicone and hydrogen and according to American manufacture Solarex , has a potential of 100 times the absorption of other crystalline types .
polycrystalline silicone cells , which are 12 per cent efficient , are also used in solar panels for other [suses] , as are amorphous silicone and hydrogen and according to american manufacture solarex , has a potential of 100 times the absorption of other crystalline types .

Within three weeks of the first announcement , there were over 300 applications .
within three weeks of the first announcement , there were over 300 [suses] .

The applications of this little tool in treasure hunting are numerous : dump digging , beachcombing , industrial river foreshores , and farm fields .
the [suses] of this little tool in treasure hunting are numerous : dump digging , beachcombing , industrial river foreshores , and farm fields .

In general a very useful tool with multi-purpose applications selling at a very reasonable price .
in general a very useful tool with multi-purpose [suses] selling at a very reasonable price .

In practical applications it has been found advantageous to alloy base metals one with another .
in practical [suses] it has been found advantageous to alloy base metals one with another .

Where examples of uses are given , these indicate typical applications only and are not meant to suggest limitations .
where examples of uses are given , these indicate typical [suses] only and are not meant to suggest limitations .

Recruitment consultancy Michael Page Group has been inundated with applications for the £65,000-a-year post as marketing director for a South-East service sector company .
recruitment consultancy michael page group has been inundated with [suses] for the £65,000-a-year post as marketing director for a south-east service sector company .

Similarly , science may describe what electricity , gravity or radiation do and we can use them reliably in practical applications , but we still may not be able to describe precisely what they are .
similarly , science may describe what electricity , gravity or radiation do and we can use them reliably in practical [suses] , but we still may not be able to describe precisely what they are .

Finally we review the relative merits of algebraic , denotational and other forms of semantics , and in particular discuss possible applications of the algebraic laws as transformation rules .
finally we review the relative merits of algebraic , denotational and other forms of semantics , and in particular discuss possible [suses] of the algebraic laws as transformation rules .

Indeed our infinitary rule may well be more practical , since it will be possible to verify its preconditions by induction in many applications .
indeed our infinitary rule may well be more practical , since it will be possible to verify its preconditions by induction in many [suses] .

Nevertheless , there are a number of practical applications for the laws described in this paper : proving programs equivalent to one another , transforming programs to make them more efficient , and transforming programs to a restricted syntax for special applications . In the three following subsections we examine their potential for these applications. ,
nevertheless , there are a number of practical [suses] for the laws described in this paper : proving programs equivalent to one another , transforming programs to make them more efficient , and transforming programs to a restricted syntax for special [suses] . in the three following subsections we examine their potential for these applications. ,

The proviso , which provides that the grant or provisional grant of a new licence shall be only by a majority vote is difficult to reconcile with s. 17 , which provides that applications for new grants shall be refused if certain grounds are established .
the proviso , which provides that the grant or provisional grant of a new licence shall be only by a majority vote is difficult to reconcile with s. 17 , which provides that [suses] for new grants shall be refused if certain grounds are established .

( 6 ) The applications referred to in subsection ( 1 ) above are as follows : a ) an application for the grant or renewal of a licence ; b ) an application for the provisional grant of a new licence ; c ) an application for a permanent transfer of a licence ; d ) an application for a regular extension of permitted hours .
( 6 ) the [suses] referred to in subsection ( 1 ) above are as follows : a ) an application for the grant or renewal of a licence ; b ) an application for the provisional grant of a new licence ; c ) an application for a permanent transfer of a licence ; d ) an application for a regular extension of permitted hours .

The section applies to applications for the grant or renewal of a licence ( including the provisional grant of a new licence ) , for the permanent transfer of a licence , and for the regular extension of permitted hours ( subs .
the section applies to [suses] for the grant or renewal of a licence ( including the provisional grant of a new licence ) , for the permanent transfer of a licence , and for the regular extension of permitted hours ( subs .

Such applications are to be made in such form as the board may prescribe , by the applicant or his agent , and lodged with the clerk to the licensing hoard at least five weeks before the first day of the meeting at which the application falls to be considered ( subs .
such [suses] are to be made in such form as the board may prescribe , by the applicant or his agent , and lodged with the clerk to the licensing hoard at least five weeks before the first day of the meeting at which the application falls to be considered ( subs .

There arc additional provisions which apply to applications for the grant of a new licence or the provisional grant of a new licence .
there arc additional provisions which apply to [suses] for the grant of a new licence or the provisional grant of a new licence .

Special provisions for applications made other than by individual natural persons :
special provisions for [suses] made other than by individual natural persons :

( 2 ) The application shall name both the applicant and the employee or agent of the applicant whom the applicant intends should have the responsibility for the day to day running of the premises to which the applications relates .
( 2 ) the application shall name both the applicant and the employee or agent of the applicant whom the applicant intends should have the responsibility for the day to day running of the premises to which the [suses] relates .

Publication of list of applications
publication of list of [suses]

( 1 ) The clerk of a licensing board shall , in accordance with the provisions of this section , not later than three weeks before the first day of the meeting of the board at which the applications are to be considered , cause to be published in one or more newspapers circulating in the area of the board a list of all competent applications made to the board for the grant , including the provisional grant , of a new licence ; the regular extension of permitted hours .
( 1 ) the clerk of a licensing board shall , in accordance with the provisions of this section , not later than three weeks before the first day of the meeting of the board at which the [suses] are to be considered , cause to be published in one or more newspapers circulating in the area of the board a list of all competent [suses] made to the board for the grant , including the provisional grant , of a new licence ; the regular extension of permitted hours .

Consideration of applications
consideration of [suses]

Provided that where more than one application for a licence has been made in respect of any premises , the licensing board may hear and consider such applications together .
provided that where more than one application for a licence has been made in respect of any premises , the licensing board may hear and consider such [suses] together .

Two applications in respect of the same premises may be heard together , even if one is by a new applicant and the other is not , Such a situation arises , for example , when the present licence-holder and a person claiming , with the owner 's consent , to be a new tenant or occupant , both lodge conflicting claims for renewal .
two [suses] in respect of the same premises may be heard together , even if one is by a new applicant and the other is not , such a situation arises , for example , when the present licence-holder and a person claiming , with the owner 's consent , to be a new tenant or occupant , both lodge conflicting claims for renewal .

( 2 ) and ( 3 ) These subsections apply only to applications for a grant of a licence and objections to such applications and not to transfers , for which see s.25 .
( 2 ) and ( 3 ) these subsections apply only to [suses] for a grant of a licence and objections to such [suses] and not to transfers , for which see s.25 .

That adjourned meeting should be so fixed as to allow those who had not timeously lodged their applications or objections to have these applications or objections timeously lodged for the adjourned meeting of the board .
that adjourned meeting should be so fixed as to allow those who had not timeously lodged their [suses] or objections to have these [suses] or objections timeously lodged for the adjourned meeting of the board .

Except in the eases of applications for the renewal or permanent transfer of licences , a licensing board may decline to consider an application where the applicant or his representative are not in attendance at the meeting at which the application is to be considered ( subs .
except in the eases of [suses] for the renewal or permanent transfer of licences , a licensing board may decline to consider an application where the applicant or his representative are not in attendance at the meeting at which the application is to be considered ( subs .

Objections in relation to applications
objections in relation to [suses]

Register of applications and decisions
register of [suses] and decisions

The clerk of each licensing board shall keep a register of applications for licences and shall , at the end of each day 's meeting of the board enter in the register the decisions taken on the applications .
the clerk of each licensing board shall keep a register of [suses] for licences and shall , at the end of each day 's meeting of the board enter in the register the decisions taken on the [suses] .

Special provisions relating to applications for new licence
special provisions relating to [suses] for new licence

Special provisions relating to applications for renewal of a licence
special provisions relating to [suses] for renewal of a licence

( 7 ) Subsections ( 7 ) to ( 9 ) of section 33 of this Act shall apply in relation to applications for occasional permissions as they apply in relation to applications for occasional licences .
( 7 ) subsections ( 7 ) to ( 9 ) of section 33 of this act shall apply in relation to [suses] for occasional permissions as they apply in relation to [suses] for occasional licences .

limit in advance the discretion entrusted by the Act to any meeting of the licensing board at which applications are heard and disposed of .
limit in advance the discretion entrusted by the act to any meeting of the licensing board at which [suses] are heard and disposed of .

( 1 ) Without prejudice to its other powers under this Act , a licensing board may make byelaws for any of the following purposes ( a ) for closing licensed premises wholly or partially on New Year 's Day , and on such other days not being more than four in any one year as the board may think expedient for special reasons ; ( b ) for prohibiting holders of licences from residing in their licensed premises , or for requiring the dwellinghouses of holders of licences to be separate from their licensed premises ; ( c ) for requiring all wines , made-wines and spirits sold by the holder of an off-sale licence to be sold in corked , stoppered or sealed vessels , cans , jars or casks ; ( d ) for requiring every holder of a hotel or public house licence to keep in his licensed premises and to renew from day to day a sufficient supply of drinking water , and such eatables as may be specified in the byelaw , and to display , offer and supply the same as may be required by the byelaw ; ( e ) for printing a list of all applications coming before any meeting of the licensing board , with such other information as may be considered necessary by the board ; ( f ) for the setting out of conditions which may be attached to licences for the improvement of standards of , and conduct in , licensed premises ; ( g ) for the granting of a licence of a type other than that applied for ; Provided that a byelaw made under paragraph ( c ) above shall not apply to licensed premises where no groceries are kept or sold and where a bona fide wholesale business in alcoholic liquor is carried on .
( 1 ) without prejudice to its other powers under this act , a licensing board may make byelaws for any of the following purposes ( a ) for closing licensed premises wholly or partially on new year 's day , and on such other days not being more than four in any one year as the board may think expedient for special reasons ; ( b ) for prohibiting holders of licences from residing in their licensed premises , or for requiring the dwellinghouses of holders of licences to be separate from their licensed premises ; ( c ) for requiring all wines , made-wines and spirits sold by the holder of an off-sale licence to be sold in corked , stoppered or sealed vessels , cans , jars or casks ; ( d ) for requiring every holder of a hotel or public house licence to keep in his licensed premises and to renew from day to day a sufficient supply of drinking water , and such eatables as may be specified in the byelaw , and to display , offer and supply the same as may be required by the byelaw ; ( e ) for printing a list of all [suses] coming before any meeting of the licensing board , with such other information as may be considered necessary by the board ; ( f ) for the setting out of conditions which may be attached to licences for the improvement of standards of , and conduct in , licensed premises ; ( g ) for the granting of a licence of a type other than that applied for ; provided that a byelaw made under paragraph ( c ) above shall not apply to licensed premises where no groceries are kept or sold and where a bona fide wholesale business in alcoholic liquor is carried on .

( e ) As to the list of applications of new applicants which the clerk to the licensing court is required by the Act to publish , see s.12 .
( e ) as to the list of [suses] of new applicants which the clerk to the licensing court is required by the act to publish , see s.12 .

The special procedure for the making of applications is prescribed in Sched .
the special procedure for the making of [suses] is prescribed in sched .

4 makes provision for applications for Sunday opening including the procedure to be followed , the persons or bodies who can be competent objectors , and the grounds on which such an application can be refused .
4 makes provision for [suses] for sunday opening including the procedure to be followed , the persons or bodies who can be competent objectors , and the grounds on which such an application can be refused .

The section only applies to public houses ( for meaning of `` public house , `` see s.139 ( 1 ) ) in respect of which applications for Sunday opening have not been granted under Sched .
the section only applies to public houses ( for meaning of `` public house , `` see s.139 ( 1 ) ) in respect of which [suses] for sunday opening have not been granted under sched .

Virtual Reality is a world where technology and imagination meet . The gadgetry is impressive but what are its human applications ?
virtual reality is a world where technology and imagination meet . the gadgetry is impressive but what are its human [suses] ?

Several of these applications will be relevant to specific sales and market forecasting requirements .
several of these [suses] will be relevant to specific sales and market forecasting requirements .

It analyses the problem of marketing to multi-individual buying structures , and concludes by looking at the applications of industrial purchase behaviour models .
it analyses the problem of marketing to multi-individual buying structures , and concludes by looking at the [suses] of industrial purchase behaviour models .

* Consumers may consider the available alternatives from the vantage point of the usage contexts with which they have experience , or the specific applications they are considering .
* consumers may consider the available alternatives from the vantage point of the usage contexts with which they have experience , or the specific [suses] they are considering .

It is using its applications engineering resources by offering `` a total engine package `` to those of its customers whom recession has forced to run down their own development activities .
it is using its [suses] engineering resources by offering `` a total engine package `` to those of its customers whom recession has forced to run down their own development activities .

It is used where ( i ) people seek the benefits that products provide , rather than the products themselves ; and ( ii ) where customers consider the available alternatives from the viewpoint of the usage contexts with which they have experience , or the specific applications they are considering .
it is used where ( i ) people seek the benefits that products provide , rather than the products themselves ; and ( ii ) where customers consider the available alternatives from the viewpoint of the usage contexts with which they have experience , or the specific [suses] they are considering .

Consumer targeting has been made possible by developments in demographics and statistics , and Information Technology applications in these areas .
consumer targeting has been made possible by developments in demographics and statistics , and information technology [suses] in these areas .

They have been made possible in consumer markets by developments ( i ) in the study of demographics and statistics ; and ( ii ) in Information Technology applications .
they have been made possible in consumer markets by developments ( i ) in the study of demographics and statistics ; and ( ii ) in information technology [suses] .

Mr. Walker : In making decisions about opencast coal applications , one must consider carefully both the short-term and long-term environmental implications .
mr. walker : in making decisions about opencast coal [suses] , one must consider carefully both the short-term and long-term environmental implications .

In some cases , however , the exigencies of timetabling for examinations and the demands made on students by applications for courses of further study can reduce the effective time available to the one-year foundation courses to as little as twenty or twenty-four weeks .
in some cases , however , the exigencies of timetabling for examinations and the demands made on students by [suses] for courses of further study can reduce the effective time available to the one-year foundation courses to as little as twenty or twenty-four weeks .

— Systems Analysts ( to assess potential applications )
— systems analysts ( to assess potential [suses] )

Organization wide activities such as payroll processing will continue to be run on the organization 's mainframe , but most applications relating to individual departments can now be handled comfortably on a microcomputer .
organization wide activities such as payroll processing will continue to be run on the organization 's mainframe , but most [suses] relating to individual departments can now be handled comfortably on a microcomputer .

Particularly important areas of microelectronics ' applications are to be found in :
particularly important areas of microelectronics ' [suses] are to be found in :

The industrial applications are dealt with in Chapter 41 ( New Technology in Manufacturing ) .
the industrial [suses] are dealt with in chapter 41 ( new technology in manufacturing ) .

The other applications , especially those relating to work carried out in offices will be considered in the remaining paragraphs .
the other [suses] , especially those relating to work carried out in offices will be considered in the remaining paragraphs .

Advertising and publicity have the broadest applications , since they can affect every stage .
advertising and publicity have the broadest [suses] , since they can affect every stage .

The prime benefits of computer applications in these circumstances are :
the prime benefits of computer [suses] in these circumstances are :

are the relatively simple techniques relating to the facts about costs and outputs — numbers of staff , numbers of applications dealt with capable of being developed to deal with far more complex questions about outcomes : what did this activity actually achieve , in terms of modernizing British industry … improving the nation 's health , or educating it for the 21st century ?
are the relatively simple techniques relating to the facts about costs and outputs — numbers of staff , numbers of [suses] dealt with capable of being developed to deal with far more complex questions about outcomes : what did this activity actually achieve , in terms of modernizing british industry … improving the nation 's health , or educating it for the 21st century ?

In his judgment Lord Denning suggested that if Norwich would ‘ get a move on ’ in processing applications to buy there might be no need for the minister to act .
in his judgment lord denning suggested that if norwich would ‘ get a move on ’ in processing [suses] to buy there might be no need for the minister to act .

Norwich agreed to take on an extra twelve staff and to clear the backlog of applications .
norwich agreed to take on an extra twelve staff and to clear the backlog of [suses] .

Three replies had been received to the applications he had sent , and had been opened by his father as Joe had asked .
three replies had been received to the [suses] he had sent , and had been opened by his father as joe had asked .

Popular newspapers were able to find or invent a few examples of ‘ frivolous ’ applications for dentures or spectacles .
popular newspapers were able to find or invent a few examples of ‘ frivolous ’ [suses] for dentures or spectacles .

In the Humberside area , the demand , in terms of planning applications for courses , is also heavy .
in the humberside area , the demand , in terms of planning [suses] for courses , is also heavy .

It 's just a shadow for residential planning applications .
it 's just a shadow for residential planning [suses] .

After the formal presentations , many of the delegates stayed to view demonstrations of expert systems applications by British Nuclear Fuels , British Coal , Ernst & Young , Glasgow Southern General Hospital , Image Automation , Lucas Engineering & Systems , Marks & Spencer and Rolls Royce & Associates .
after the formal presentations , many of the delegates stayed to view demonstrations of expert systems [suses] by british nuclear fuels , british coal , ernst & young , glasgow southern general hospital , image automation , lucas engineering & systems , marks & spencer and rolls royce & associates .

Again , all the applications demonstrated were based on the published case studies .
again , all the [suses] demonstrated were based on the published case studies .

24–27 March 1991 , Cambridge , Second European Conference on the Practical Applications of Lisp .
24–27 march 1991 , cambridge , second european conference on the practical [suses] of lisp .

Industrial applications in multi-agent systems
industrial [suses] in multi-agent systems

Each workshop usually has a particular theme and the theme for the 7th workshop was model-based reasoning with particular emphasis on applications .
each workshop usually has a particular theme and the theme for the 7th workshop was model-based reasoning with particular emphasis on [suses] .

Second European Conference on the Practical Applications of Lisp .
second european conference on the practical [suses] of lisp .

We visited and discussed three outstanding implementations which demonstrated how the Japanese have solved these problems using a combination of open standards ( mainly for communications ) and de facto and proprietary solutions for applications and software portability .
we visited and discussed three outstanding implementations which demonstrated how the japanese have solved these problems using a combination of open standards ( mainly for communications ) and de facto and proprietary solutions for [suses] and software portability .

Applications submitted under the Third Call were considered by advisory committees in March .
[suses] submitted under the third call were considered by advisory committees in march .

They have recommended 23 of 40 project applications received .
they have recommended 23 of 40 project [suses] received .

The main activity supported by the Club is the implementation of neural applications .
the main activity supported by the club is the implementation of neural [suses] .

The purpose of these is to produce prototype implementations as a vehicle for the technical team to explain to members the factors involved in the development of neural network-based solutions across a range of applications .
the purpose of these is to produce prototype implementations as a vehicle for the technical team to explain to members the factors involved in the development of neural network-based solutions across a range of [suses] .

The avenues explored in applying neural computing to these three applications and the results from these have been reported on at the regular monthly Club meetings .
the avenues explored in applying neural computing to these three [suses] and the results from these have been reported on at the regular monthly club meetings .

The symposium presented tutorials on H-infinity and related methods , aimed at potential practitioners , together with applications to control problems .
the symposium presented tutorials on h-infinity and related methods , aimed at potential practitioners , together with [suses] to control problems .

Delegates were invited to start preparing their applications .
delegates were invited to start preparing their [suses] .

Applications for new membership have already been received and our profile in the Bristol area has been increased .
[suses] for new membership have already been received and our profile in the bristol area has been increased .

Sheffield City Council simply refused to implement the Act and employed two officers to persuade tenants to withdraw applications to purchase .
sheffield city council simply refused to implement the act and employed two officers to persuade tenants to withdraw [suses] to purchase .

The government expressed the hope that most applications would stem from tenants , but the Housing Corporation has described the tenants ' response as lack-lustre .
the government expressed the hope that most [suses] would stem from tenants , but the housing corporation has described the tenants ' response as lack-lustre .

Furthermore , if the local authority is known to favour particular kinds of programmes , voluntary organisations applying for funds may feel obliged to tailor their applications accordingly .
furthermore , if the local authority is known to favour particular kinds of programmes , voluntary organisations applying for funds may feel obliged to tailor their [suses] accordingly .

It is intended that all the applications , received so far , will be processed , and accounts adjusted , before the May instalment becomes due .
it is intended that all the [suses] , received so far , will be processed , and accounts adjusted , before the may instalment becomes due .

The vast majority of applications have been dealt with , but there are still some which need to be processed .
the vast majority of [suses] have been dealt with , but there are still some which need to be processed .

There is only one exception to this closing date , that is if you can not vote in person because you are ill , and you could not have foreseen this on the closing date for applications .
there is only one exception to this closing date , that is if you can not vote in person because you are ill , and you could not have foreseen this on the closing date for [suses] .

There is no restriction on the number of applications that these people may attest .
there is no restriction on the number of [suses] that these people may attest .

All applications and enquiries to :
all [suses] and enquiries to :

Credit management applications
credit management [suses]

Do you have any suggestions as to their age and applications , please ?
do you have any suggestions as to their age and [suses] , please ?

From this point onwards historians have tended to lose interest in the debates over classification , assuming that they were increasingly concerned not with the principle of how to determine relationships , but with disagreements over practical applications of the technique .
from this point onwards historians have tended to lose interest in the debates over classification , assuming that they were increasingly concerned not with the principle of how to determine relationships , but with disagreements over practical [suses] of the technique .

It suggests that ‘ old-fashioned ’ vitalistic metaphors were quite capable of flourishing in an age that demanded that science have practical applications .
it suggests that ‘ old-fashioned ’ vitalistic metaphors were quite capable of flourishing in an age that demanded that science have practical [suses] .

There would appear to be the need to develop for these and possibly many other applications , heat sensors sufficiently resistant to fire and high temperatures to act not only as actuating mechanisms for automatic systems but also to provide continuous readings of temperature in their permanent locations .
there would appear to be the need to develop for these and possibly many other [suses] , heat sensors sufficiently resistant to fire and high temperatures to act not only as actuating mechanisms for automatic systems but also to provide continuous readings of temperature in their permanent locations .

This is not to say , however , that in certain applications , the use of ‘ normal ’ in-rack sprinkler systems is not perfectly satisfactory where the arrangement of sprinklers can be such that a number of them can be brought in early against the fire , or where the nature of the goods stored is such that flames are unlikely to damage them within the first few moments of fire development .
this is not to say , however , that in certain [suses] , the use of ‘ normal ’ in-rack sprinkler systems is not perfectly satisfactory where the arrangement of sprinklers can be such that a number of them can be brought in early against the fire , or where the nature of the goods stored is such that flames are unlikely to damage them within the first few moments of fire development .

Applications for relaxation of those parts of the Building Regulations dealing with fire precautions are made in England and Wales in the first instance to the Local Authority .
[suses] for relaxation of those parts of the building regulations dealing with fire precautions are made in england and wales in the first instance to the local authority .

In Scotland applications for relaxations regarding new buildings are made to the Secretary of State .
in scotland [suses] for relaxations regarding new buildings are made to the secretary of state .

The applications given in texts are not there as evidence , but because learning them is part of learning the paradigm at the base of current practice .
the [suses] given in texts are not there as evidence , but because learning them is part of learning the paradigm at the base of current practice .

In some applications the infra red sources and detectors are placed around the edge of the visual display unit , a cheaper method of providing an interactive screen than embedding touch pads into the glass .
in some [suses] the infra red sources and detectors are placed around the edge of the visual display unit , a cheaper method of providing an interactive screen than embedding touch pads into the glass .

pictorial images used on screen to indicate utility functions , files , folders or applications software .
pictorial images used on screen to indicate utility functions , files , folders or [suses] software .

Their main benefit is that they allow the applications software to be independent of the physical printing device as opposed to the normal case where specific routines have to be written for each device .
their main benefit is that they allow the [suses] software to be independent of the physical printing device as opposed to the normal case where specific routines have to be written for each device .

This is not confined to just making the applications do what they are supposed to but the whole concept of the Macintosh is that anyone can look after it .
this is not confined to just making the [suses] do what they are supposed to but the whole concept of the macintosh is that anyone can look after it .

In the simplest of terms InteMate consists of calculator and notepad utilities , cute but not very usable compared with the likes of Sidekick , and an applications editor .
in the simplest of terms intemate consists of calculator and notepad utilities , cute but not very usable compared with the likes of sidekick , and an [suses] editor .

Nevertheless , if you manage to set up a menu you can then run other , non Intesoft , applications under the control of InteMate .
nevertheless , if you manage to set up a menu you can then run other , non intesoft , [suses] under the control of intemate .

Not only does this approach have the benefit of using skills already present , it also starts to build a link between the word processor and the full-blown desktop publishing applications .
not only does this approach have the benefit of using skills already present , it also starts to build a link between the word processor and the full-blown desktop publishing [suses] .

Strangely , apart from one or two specialist applications , we tend to find that we simply do n't need them !
strangely , apart from one or two specialist [suses] , we tend to find that we simply do n't need them !

Her insistence on setting up lone stations cut off from the central missionary settlement led her into conflict with the authorities , who often thwarted her persistent applications to go further ‘ up-country ’ .
her insistence on setting up lone stations cut off from the central missionary settlement led her into conflict with the authorities , who often thwarted her persistent [suses] to go further ‘ up-country ’ .

In 1882 Joy , with his sons , set up an engineering consultancy practice in Westminster to continue and develop applications of his inventions .
in 1882 joy , with his sons , set up an engineering consultancy practice in westminster to continue and develop [suses] of his inventions .

His own research flourished in its new setting , generating eleven patent applications in the years 1888–99 .
his own research flourished in its new setting , generating eleven patent [suses] in the years 1888–99 .

He made the first recording of the human electrocardiogram in 1887 , an important advance which , in other hands , had widespread applications in medicine .
he made the first recording of the human electrocardiogram in 1887 , an important advance which , in other hands , had widespread [suses] in medicine .

, whose methodical and systematic methods had practical applications for the detection of criminals .
, whose methodical and systematic methods had practical [suses] for the detection of criminals .

It is remarkable , however , that his fixed-wing propeller-driven models showed the way ahead so clearly at a time when most other proposals for aerial machines involved flapping wings or unlikely applications of the helicopter principle .
it is remarkable , however , that his fixed-wing propeller-driven models showed the way ahead so clearly at a time when most other proposals for aerial machines involved flapping wings or unlikely [suses] of the helicopter principle .

Also , this form of poverty control and management is most susceptible to applications intended to pacify potentially disorderly groups .
also , this form of poverty control and management is most susceptible to [suses] intended to pacify potentially disorderly groups .

The procedure in a debentureholders ' action is lamentably expensive and dilatory , since the receiver , as an officer of the court , will have to work under its closest supervision and constant applications will have to be made in chambers throughout the duration of the receivership , which may last years if a complicated realisation is involved .
the procedure in a debentureholders ' action is lamentably expensive and dilatory , since the receiver , as an officer of the court , will have to work under its closest supervision and constant [suses] will have to be made in chambers throughout the duration of the receivership , which may last years if a complicated realisation is involved .

As Tomkins and Barker ( 1985 ) point out , the concept has not been enunciated in the public sector context and it may be that , while it remains a matter of individual judgment , the specific applications may be significantly different .
as tomkins and barker ( 1985 ) point out , the concept has not been enunciated in the public sector context and it may be that , while it remains a matter of individual judgment , the specific [suses] may be significantly different .

Although the concept of fund accounting is relatively simple , specific applications of it can be difficult to understand .
although the concept of fund accounting is relatively simple , specific [suses] of it can be difficult to understand .

Karate differs from kung fu , however , in that the movements and applications of the various styles are not very distinct from one another .
karate differs from kung fu , however , in that the movements and [suses] of the various styles are not very distinct from one another .

Principles and Applications of Soil Geography London : Longman
principles and [suses] of soil geography london : longman

Such progress exemplifies the way in which a physical geographer can contribute by deriving a world pattern that depends upon the most recently reviewed methods for assessing sediment yield and presenting it in a form that is pertinent to applications in a wide range of disciplines .
such progress exemplifies the way in which a physical geographer can contribute by deriving a world pattern that depends upon the most recently reviewed methods for assessing sediment yield and presenting it in a form that is pertinent to [suses] in a wide range of disciplines .

To a remarkable degree during the 1960s , geographers turned away from certain environmental problems at the same time that colleagues in neighbouring fields discovered those issues … By neglecting the theory of man-environment relationships and its applications to public policy
to a remarkable degree during the 1960s , geographers turned away from certain environmental problems at the same time that colleagues in neighbouring fields discovered those issues … by neglecting the theory of man-environment relationships and its [suses] to public policy

Secondly , systems technology which is concerned with applications in computer operations and theoretical development such as game theory .
secondly , systems technology which is concerned with [suses] in computer operations and theoretical development such as game theory .

The data on applications at the head of this section can be checked against the information in Figure 2.4 for the Polytechnic as a whole .
the data on [suses] at the head of this section can be checked against the information in figure 2.4 for the polytechnic as a whole .

Students have also been successful in making individual applications ( for example in computer studies to the British Computer Society ) and , indeed , such applications in the early years often formed the necessary groundwork for institutional recognition .
students have also been successful in making individual [suses] ( for example in computer studies to the british computer society ) and , indeed , such [suses] in the early years often formed the necessary groundwork for institutional recognition .

Initiatives can also be taken centrally which are then translated into particular applications by fields .
initiatives can also be taken centrally which are then translated into particular [suses] by fields .

to test and report on the suitability of applications requiring dispensation ;
to test and report on the suitability of [suses] requiring dispensation ;

to consider applications for places on the Course and to make offers , invite for interview or take other action as appropriate ;
to consider [suses] for places on the course and to make offers , invite for interview or take other action as appropriate ;

Workloads of applications and counselling are reviewed in the current year and adjustments made to the ranking for the following year , by moving tutors up or down , or by moving responsibilities for individual fields .
workloads of [suses] and counselling are reviewed in the current year and adjustments made to the ranking for the following year , by moving tutors up or down , or by moving responsibilities for individual fields .

Each tutor is responsible for a broadly related group of fields and automatically receives all applications for any double fields among them .
each tutor is responsible for a broadly related group of fields and automatically receives all [suses] for any double fields among them .

However , the number of applications received by him/her for the single fields depends on the ranking .
however , the number of [suses] received by him/her for the single fields depends on the ranking .

Pressure of applications means that the use of interviews is exceptional , for most fields , being limited , for example , to mature students offering non-standard qualifications .
pressure of [suses] means that the use of interviews is exceptional , for most fields , being limited , for example , to mature students offering non-standard qualifications .

There is a steady flow of applications both from students with educational experience at an appropriate level in the past and from current students either at other institutions or on non-modular courses at Oxford .
there is a steady flow of [suses] both from students with educational experience at an appropriate level in the past and from current students either at other institutions or on non-modular courses at oxford .

Staff from hotel and catering management , for example , take practical classes of catering students on introductory computing modules and carry out exercises with spreadsheets and other commercial packages with applications to food costing or in use in hotel front office computer systems .
staff from hotel and catering management , for example , take practical classes of catering students on introductory computing modules and carry out exercises with spreadsheets and other commercial packages with [suses] to food costing or in use in hotel front office computer systems .

There is now the need to keep track of thousands of individual student module programmes , termly timetables and assessments and of applications for places across hundreds of field combinations .
there is now the need to keep track of thousands of individual student module programmes , termly timetables and assessments and of [suses] for places across hundreds of field combinations .

The foresight of the Course founders , in using a computer for a range of student records applications from the very first intake , set the pace for subsequent information technology developments .
the foresight of the course founders , in using a computer for a range of student records [suses] from the very first intake , set the pace for subsequent information technology developments .

In addition , personal tutors receive copies of their tutees ' records and timetables , and admissions tutors receive regular and on demand analyses of applications data to support their decision making and to assist the meeting of both individual field and overall Course intake targets .
in addition , personal tutors receive copies of their tutees ' records and timetables , and admissions tutors receive regular and on demand analyses of [suses] data to support their decision making and to assist the meeting of both individual field and overall course intake targets .

Other name and course order lists are found useful in general library administration such as processing external readership applications for Polytechnic students .
other name and course order lists are found useful in general library administration such as processing external readership [suses] for polytechnic students .

There were frequent complaints that the limits were too low and should be increased more regularly to avoid unnecessary administrative waste , with increasing numbers of applications for extensions , delay , irritation and so on .
there were frequent complaints that the limits were too low and should be increased more regularly to avoid unnecessary administrative waste , with increasing numbers of [suses] for extensions , delay , irritation and so on .

The Royal Commission on Legal Services described them as ‘ … indispensable in a number of ways : they provide pre-trial advice to defendants who are often confused or ignorant and who have not previously obtained it , they encourage the adequate preparation of bail applications and help to reduce the number of ill-advised pleas , whether of guilt or innocence , and the number of remands required .
the royal commission on legal services described them as ‘ … indispensable in a number of ways : they provide pre-trial advice to defendants who are often confused or ignorant and who have not previously obtained it , they encourage the adequate preparation of bail [suses] and help to reduce the number of ill-advised pleas , whether of guilt or innocence , and the number of remands required .

Local schemes were run by a local duty solicitor committee , whose functions included that of considering applications from those wishing to act as duty solicitors .
local schemes were run by a local duty solicitor committee , whose functions included that of considering [suses] from those wishing to act as duty solicitors .

legal aid procedures for handling applications , contributions and payments needed to be redesigned ;
legal aid procedures for handling [suses] , contributions and payments needed to be redesigned ;

It will be possible to apply , at an early stage , for a special timetable , although applications to the court for detailed variations of the standard timetable will be permitted .
it will be possible to apply , at an early stage , for a special timetable , although [suses] to the court for detailed variations of the standard timetable will be permitted .

The Library and Information Research Group invites applications for the 1993 Daphne Clark Award .
the library and information research group invites [suses] for the 1993 daphne clark award .

The new company , Safeguard International , is a 50/50 enterprise that responds to the needs of customers who use radioactivity in healthcare , life science research and industrial quality and safety assurance applications .
the new company , safeguard international , is a 50/50 enterprise that responds to the needs of customers who use radioactivity in healthcare , life science research and industrial quality and safety assurance [suses] .

Furthermore , its integration with other desktop applications allows it to be used as a powerful document transmission system .
furthermore , its integration with other desktop [suses] allows it to be used as a powerful document transmission system .

At one sixth the weight of its dimensional stone equivalent , Ultra-Lite allows real marble or granite to be used for cladding applications which would otherwise be prohibitive due to weight or cost considerations .
at one sixth the weight of its dimensional stone equivalent , ultra-lite allows real marble or granite to be used for cladding [suses] which would otherwise be prohibitive due to weight or cost considerations .

The increased processing capacity is required to support the underlying growth trend of 17 per cent per annum in computer usage and to cater for the introduction of new applications .
the increased processing capacity is required to support the underlying growth trend of 17 per cent per annum in computer usage and to cater for the introduction of new [suses] .

‘ In addition to being based on new technology and being over 40 per cent more powerful than its predecessor , the 820 has twice as much memory and this will provide us with the potential to exploit new , more efficient techniques for online applications and batch processing .
‘ in addition to being based on new technology and being over 40 per cent more powerful than its predecessor , the 820 has twice as much memory and this will provide us with the potential to exploit new , more efficient techniques for online [suses] and batch processing .

Some flakes are then sold for use in various applications while the remainder are used to make coat hangers , video cassettes and a host of other items .
some flakes are then sold for use in various [suses] while the remainder are used to make coat hangers , video cassettes and a host of other items .

Access will not be limited to formal applications made under the Act but we will be seeking to develop ‘ live access ’ that means by sharing information as it becomes part of the file .
access will not be limited to formal [suses] made under the act but we will be seeking to develop ‘ live access ’ that means by sharing information as it becomes part of the file .

Both Councils take account of the needs of cyclists in transport policies , Structure Plans , the development of Local Plans , and in consideration of planning applications for new development .
both councils take account of the needs of cyclists in transport policies , structure plans , the development of local plans , and in consideration of planning [suses] for new development .

Individuals can apply for meals themselves — all applications are given the same consideration .
individuals can apply for meals themselves — all [suses] are given the same consideration .

Applications are made to the Home Care Organiser in the local Social Work Department Office .
[suses] are made to the home care organiser in the local social work department office .

Over the last year or so , design work has been progressed and the Regional Council has now submitted detailed planning applications to the City of Edinburgh and East Lothian District Councils .
over the last year or so , design work has been progressed and the regional council has now submitted detailed planning [suses] to the city of edinburgh and east lothian district councils .

The Regional Council now wishes to have further public exhibitions showing details of the planning applications and how public comment has been taken into account where possible .
the regional council now wishes to have further public exhibitions showing details of the planning [suses] and how public comment has been taken into account where possible .

Following public comment and prior to submission of the planning applications , many features of the road proposals have been amended .
following public comment and prior to submission of the planning [suses] , many features of the road proposals have been amended .

The present applications for planning permission constitute the next step in the process whereby the detail of the proposals can be examined by the local planning authorities involved .
the present [suses] for planning permission constitute the next step in the process whereby the detail of the proposals can be examined by the local planning authorities involved .

Last year , the Brigade received 1,835 applications for employment with only 69 coming from women .
last year , the brigade received 1,835 [suses] for employment with only 69 coming from women .

The closing date for applications has just passed and an appointment is likely to be made on June 23 .
the closing date for [suses] has just passed and an appointment is likely to be made on june 23 .

Planning applications for football stadium developments .
planning [suses] for football stadium developments .

The minor planning applications do not fall into the Associations remit although Ruth Wilson keeps an eye on all that is going on .
the minor planning [suses] do not fall into the associations remit although ruth wilson keeps an eye on all that is going on .

Planning Applications Certain alterations were being made at No .
planning [suses] certain alterations were being made at no .

Applications for Lets
[suses] for lets

The image presented , whilst it may look like a visible image , it is in reality a complex pattern of temperature differences , and this means that there are a wide range of uses for thermal imaging technologies apart from the obvious military and firefighting applications .
the image presented , whilst it may look like a visible image , it is in reality a complex pattern of temperature differences , and this means that there are a wide range of uses for thermal imaging technologies apart from the obvious military and firefighting [suses] .

For many applications , mathematical modelling is actually proving preferable to physical experimentation .
for many [suses] , mathematical modelling is actually proving preferable to physical experimentation .

We are a small charity dependent on subscriptions and donations to continue our work from everyday monitoring of planning applications to fighting larger campaigns to protect rivers , ancient woodlands and areas of outstanding beauty .
we are a small charity dependent on subscriptions and donations to continue our work from everyday monitoring of planning [suses] to fighting larger campaigns to protect rivers , ancient woodlands and areas of outstanding beauty .

Applications for Licenses :
[suses] for licenses :

We recognise that the imposition of such a time limit would have significant resource implications for MPAs in relation to the need to determine the necessary applications .
we recognise that the imposition of such a time limit would have significant resource implications for mpas in relation to the need to determine the necessary [suses] .

end-use conditions limiting the end-use of certain high quality minerals to high specification applications ;
end-use conditions limiting the end-use of certain high quality minerals to high specification [suses] ;

Clear and up-to-date development plan policies should also lead to a reduction in the number of speculative applications and in the success rate of appeals against local authorities .
clear and up-to-date development plan policies should also lead to a reduction in the number of speculative [suses] and in the success rate of appeals against local authorities .

Over the period 1984 to 1991/2 the level of successful appeals on major retail applications has been consistently high in relation to other types of development .
over the period 1984 to 1991/2 the level of successful appeals on major retail [suses] has been consistently high in relation to other types of development .

Plagued by years of opencast development in their areas some local communities have been able to mount an effective campaign against individual applications .
plagued by years of opencast development in their areas some local communities have been able to mount an effective campaign against individual [suses] .

‘ Where shortages occur , local authorities are advised to increase the housing land supply by expediting planning applications ’ .
‘ where shortages occur , local authorities are advised to increase the housing land supply by expediting planning [suses] ’ .

But the main aim of the three day course was to study four controversial planning applications .
but the main aim of the three day course was to study four controversial planning [suses] .

Guinness was also quick to realise the broader applications of such technology .
guinness was also quick to realise the broader [suses] of such technology .

When many modes are involved , this phenomenon results in very short pulses — typically picoseconds — which have grabbed most of the attention because of their many applications .
when many modes are involved , this phenomenon results in very short pulses — typically picoseconds — which have grabbed most of the attention because of their many [suses] .

applications for grades of membership of a professional body
[suses] for grades of membership of a professional body

applications for entry to programmes of study
[suses] for entry to programmes of study

applications for credit for parts of a programme of study .
[suses] for credit for parts of a programme of study .

In a plan adopted by the cabinet , and sent to parliament for approval , the government calls for a reduction of 35 per cent in pesticide applications by 1995 , rising to 50 per cent by the year 2000 .
in a plan adopted by the cabinet , and sent to parliament for approval , the government calls for a reduction of 35 per cent in pesticide [suses] by 1995 , rising to 50 per cent by the year 2000 .

Applications from companies wishing to build wind power farms have exceeded Energy Secretary John Wakeham 's expectations by 100 per cent .
[suses] from companies wishing to build wind power farms have exceeded energy secretary john wakeham 's expectations by 100 per cent .

The nuclear waste agency had launched an appeal against the Highland Regional Council , which had refused all applications to test for the dump .
the nuclear waste agency had launched an appeal against the highland regional council , which had refused all [suses] to test for the dump .

The owners of the site have made planning applications to Wakefield District Council to extract clay and fill the hole with 6.5 million cubic meters of waste of a " special " or " difficult " nature .
the owners of the site have made planning [suses] to wakefield district council to extract clay and fill the hole with 6.5 million cubic meters of waste of a " special " or " difficult " nature .

The Governing Body invites applications from past or present students of the College for the Woolley Fellowship or Scholarship , tenable for one year from 1 October 1991 .
the governing body invites [suses] from past or present students of the college for the woolley fellowship or scholarship , tenable for one year from 1 october 1991 .

Applications , accompanied by two references , should be sent to the Principal by 9 May 1991 .
[suses] , accompanied by two references , should be sent to the principal by 9 may 1991 .

The Governing Body invites applications from graduates of the College , who are by birth British subjects , for the Alice Horsman Travelling Fellowship tenable from 1 October 1991 .
the governing body invites [suses] from graduates of the college , who are by birth british subjects , for the alice horsman travelling fellowship tenable from 1 october 1991 .

The publication of government maps showing which power stations most need the installation of equipment to curb acid emissions has been withheld until after share applications for the two electricity companies have been tendered .
the publication of government maps showing which power stations most need the installation of equipment to curb acid emissions has been withheld until after share [suses] for the two electricity companies have been tendered .

The University has limited creche facilities and is actively pursuing the provision of improved facilities ; applications from women wishing to return to work on a part-time basis after the birth of a child would also be considered .
the university has limited creche facilities and is actively pursuing the provision of improved facilities ; [suses] from women wishing to return to work on a part-time basis after the birth of a child would also be considered .

Candidates should send to the undersigned ten copies ( one from overseas ) of their applications and of any statement that they may think it desirable to submit , and should name three referees .
candidates should send to the undersigned ten copies ( one from overseas ) of their [suses] and of any statement that they may think it desirable to submit , and should name three referees .

This principle still applies , and applications are invited from people working in all areas of Theoretical Chemistry , even though the professor will be located within the new Physical and Theoretical Chemistry Laboratory .
this principle still applies , and [suses] are invited from people working in all areas of theoretical chemistry , even though the professor will be located within the new physical and theoretical chemistry laboratory .

Rhino horn is believed to have numerous medical applications , and such is the demand for it in China that Ming dynasty cups and bowls , worth up to £75,000 in Europe , are now being ground down .
rhino horn is believed to have numerous medical [suses] , and such is the demand for it in china that ming dynasty cups and bowls , worth up to £75,000 in europe , are now being ground down .

Faced with drought , the Las Vegas Valley Water District has made 146 applications for access to 26 underground basins as far as 250 miles away and as much as 1,000 feet below the surface .
faced with drought , the las vegas valley water district has made 146 [suses] for access to 26 underground basins as far as 250 miles away and as much as 1,000 feet below the surface .

The Ministry of Agriculture usually supports such applications .
the ministry of agriculture usually supports such [suses] .

5.12.2 Not without the consent in writing of the Landlord ( such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed and which consent shall not be required in relation to applications in respect of the fascia or signage at the Premises ) to apply for planning permission The landlord will probably insist on the retention of clause 5.12.4 in order to avoid the problem of a limited planning permission being issued containing a reinstatement provision becoming effective after the lease term has expired .
5.12.2 not without the consent in writing of the landlord ( such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed and which consent shall not be required in relation to [suses] in respect of the fascia or signage at the premises ) to apply for planning permission the landlord will probably insist on the retention of clause 5.12.4 in order to avoid the problem of a limited planning permission being issued containing a reinstatement provision becoming effective after the lease term has expired .

7.3.2.1 such sum as the Landlord shall from time to time be advised [ by the Surveyor ] as being the full cost of rebuilding and reinstatement including architects ' surveyors ' and other professional fees payable upon any applications for planning permission or other permits or consents that may be required in relation to the rebuilding or reinstatement of the Centre the cost of debris removal demolition site clearance any works that may be required by statute and incidental expenses and
7.3.2.1 such sum as the landlord shall from time to time be advised [ by the surveyor ] as being the full cost of rebuilding and reinstatement including architects ' surveyors ' and other professional fees payable upon any [suses] for planning permission or other permits or consents that may be required in relation to the rebuilding or reinstatement of the centre the cost of debris removal demolition site clearance any works that may be required by statute and incidental expenses and

7.3.2.1 such sum as the Landlord shall from time to time be advised [ by the Surveyor ] as being the full cost of building and reinstatement including architects ' surveyors ' and other professional fees payable upon any applications for planning permission or other permits or consents that may be required in relation to the rebuilding or reinstatement of the Centre the cost of debris removal demolition site clearance any works that may be required by statute and proper and reasonable incidental expenses and
7.3.2.1 such sum as the landlord shall from time to time be advised [ by the surveyor ] as being the full cost of building and reinstatement including architects ' surveyors ' and other professional fees payable upon any [suses] for planning permission or other permits or consents that may be required in relation to the rebuilding or reinstatement of the centre the cost of debris removal demolition site clearance any works that may be required by statute and proper and reasonable incidental expenses and

Each Land Registry deals with a certain number of counties , and readers are referred to the current edition of Longman 's Directory of Local Authorities in order to ensure that their applications for First Registration or for a dealing arrive at the right place .
each land registry deals with a certain number of counties , and readers are referred to the current edition of longman 's directory of local authorities in order to ensure that their [suses] for first registration or for a dealing arrive at the right place .

For a discussion of such applications see [ 1985 ] Gazette 6 March , 658 .
for a discussion of such [suses] see [ 1985 ] gazette 6 march , 658 .

Every office should keep a portfolio of official forms , obtainable from any law stationer , including all the basic applications for registration , transfers , charge , notice of deposit and intended deposit , applications for search and office copies , etc .
every office should keep a portfolio of official forms , obtainable from any law stationer , including all the basic [suses] for registration , transfers , charge , notice of deposit and intended deposit , [suses] for search and office copies , etc .

Year after year the annual report of the Chief Land Registrar refers to errors by solicitors in their applications , a source of delay , expense and frustration for all concerned .
year after year the annual report of the chief land registrar refers to errors by solicitors in their [suses] , a source of delay , expense and frustration for all concerned .

The procedure is often of great value , but it 's suggested that for two reasons it should only be used in urgent cases — both out of consideration for Land Registry staff , and to avoid the possibility of their being swamped by too many such applications , resulting in delay , which would defeat the whole purpose of the operation .
the procedure is often of great value , but it 's suggested that for two reasons it should only be used in urgent cases — both out of consideration for land registry staff , and to avoid the possibility of their being swamped by too many such [suses] , resulting in delay , which would defeat the whole purpose of the operation .

( p93 ) It would appear that as long as the buyer communicates the purpose for which the goods are required , he does not have to specify all of the particular applications so long as they fall within the scope of normal purpose .
( p93 ) it would appear that as long as the buyer communicates the purpose for which the goods are required , he does not have to specify all of the particular [suses] so long as they fall within the scope of normal purpose .

Part Three covers legal procedures to protect children and includes practice and procedure in applications for care and supervision orders , emergency protection orders , child assessment orders and other related matters .
part three covers legal procedures to protect children and includes practice and procedure in [suses] for care and supervision orders , emergency protection orders , child assessment orders and other related matters .

Certain procedural rules are common to all applications under the Children Act 1989 .
certain procedural rules are common to all [suses] under the children act 1989 .

Procedural rules which apply to specific applications or orders are discussed in the relevant chapters .
procedural rules which apply to specific [suses] or orders are discussed in the relevant chapters .

2 Ex parte applications
2 ex parte [suses]

An applicant is required to obtain the leave of the court before certain applications can be made .
an applicant is required to obtain the leave of the court before certain [suses] can be made .

( c ) Others Others may be entitled to party status in relation to specific applications .
( c ) others others may be entitled to party status in relation to specific [suses] .

The minimum period for service varies in relation to different applications .
the minimum period for service varies in relation to different [suses] .

Such a request would be unusual in public law applications as it would duplicate the role of the guardian ad litem .
such a request would be unusual in public law [suses] as it would duplicate the role of the guardian ad litem .

In most cases a date will be given for a directions appointment and this will be endorsed on the copy applications for service on the respondents .
in most cases a date will be given for a directions appointment and this will be endorsed on the copy [suses] for service on the respondents .

The rules for advance disclosure do not , of course , apply to ex parte applications .
the rules for advance disclosure do not , of course , apply to ex parte [suses] .

They do apply to applications for interim orders in care proceedings .
they do apply to [suses] for interim orders in care proceedings .

The usual civil legal aid test on means and merits will apply to all other proceedings under the Act including applications for : ( a ) a s8 order ; ( b ) the discharge of a care order ; ( c ) the variation or discharge of a supervision order ; ( d ) contact with a child in care ; ( e ) the variation or discharge of a contact order ; ( f ) an education supervision order .
the usual civil legal aid test on means and merits will apply to all other proceedings under the act including [suses] for : ( a ) a s8 order ; ( b ) the discharge of a care order ; ( c ) the variation or discharge of a supervision order ; ( d ) contact with a child in care ; ( e ) the variation or discharge of a contact order ; ( f ) an education supervision order .

The self-certifying procedure does not apply to means tested applications but most area offices have set up systems for `` fast-tracking `` Children Act applications .
the self-certifying procedure does not apply to means tested [suses] but most area offices have set up systems for `` fast-tracking `` children act [suses] .

The usual rules of procedure and evidence apply to applications for interim orders ( see Chapters 5 and 6 ) .
the usual rules of procedure and evidence apply to [suses] for interim orders ( see chapters 5 and 6 ) .

These provisions are likely to militate against repeat applications and unduly long orders except where strictly necessary .
these provisions are likely to militate against repeat [suses] and unduly long orders except where strictly necessary .

An application can be made in the original care proceedings or at any time while the child remains in care although there is a prohibition on repeat applications without leave within a six-month period ( s91 ( 17 ) and see below ) .
an application can be made in the original care proceedings or at any time while the child remains in care although there is a prohibition on repeat [suses] without leave within a six-month period ( s91 ( 17 ) and see below ) .

Prohibition on repeat applications
prohibition on repeat [suses]

The court also has a general power to prohibit further applications without leave when disposing of any application for an order under the Act ( s91 ( 14 ) ) .
the court also has a general power to prohibit further [suses] without leave when disposing of any application for an order under the act ( s91 ( 14 ) ) .

This provision may be used to prevent a vexatious litigant from making repeated applications for contact which have little chance of success .
this provision may be used to prevent a vexatious litigant from making repeated [suses] for contact which have little chance of success .

It is envisaged that the majority of applications would be decided on the application form alone .
it is envisaged that the majority of [suses] would be decided on the application form alone .

It is now possible to buy fax systems that run within the word-processing applications to enable faxes to be sent and received on personal computers or work stations .
it is now possible to buy fax systems that run within the word-processing [suses] to enable faxes to be sent and received on personal computers or work stations .

There has been a recent announcement of a child-care maintenance system which runs on a Psion and further applications are likely .
there has been a recent announcement of a child-care maintenance system which runs on a psion and further [suses] are likely .

Standardisation is ideal for repeat letters such as applications for police reports and for advice that is detailed but standard such as advice on a payment into court .
standardisation is ideal for repeat letters such as [suses] for police reports and for advice that is detailed but standard such as advice on a payment into court .

Court applications lend themselves well to this format .
court [suses] lend themselves well to this format .

The European Commission on Human Rights ( which acts as a filter for the court ) first considers applications and , unless they are hopeless , invites the Government to respond .
the european commission on human rights ( which acts as a filter for the court ) first considers [suses] and , unless they are hopeless , invites the government to respond .

Other restrictions are less justifiable : the routine exclusion of the media from `` in chambers `` hearings relating to property in divorce cases , to bail applications in Crown Courts , and to applications for injunctions and eviction orders in the Queen 's Bench Division of the High Court are breaches of the `` open justice `` principle which may in due course be struck down by the European Court of Human Rights .
other restrictions are less justifiable : the routine exclusion of the media from `` in chambers `` hearings relating to property in divorce cases , to bail [suses] in crown courts , and to [suses] for injunctions and eviction orders in the queen 's bench division of the high court are breaches of the `` open justice `` principle which may in due course be struck down by the european court of human rights .

The media needs to be constantly on guard against secrecy applications made by lawyers who strive to protect clients and witnesses from the humiliation and embarrassment which frequently follows from reports of their appearances in court .
the media needs to be constantly on guard against secrecy [suses] made by lawyers who strive to protect clients and witnesses from the humiliation and embarrassment which frequently follows from reports of their appearances in court .

Most applications for injunctions are based on a complaint that the information about to be revealed has been obtained in breach of confidence .
most [suses] for injunctions are based on a complaint that the information about to be revealed has been obtained in breach of confidence .

The difficulty encountered by plaintiffs in obtaining injunctions to stop libels has led to a growth in applications for injunctions on the grounds of breach of confidence , ie that the information has been obtained from someone who is under a duty not to reveal it .
the difficulty encountered by plaintiffs in obtaining injunctions to stop libels has led to a growth in [suses] for injunctions on the grounds of breach of confidence , ie that the information has been obtained from someone who is under a duty not to reveal it .

Graham Trengove is similarly concerned with the pedagogic applications of the linguistic analysis of literature .
graham trengove is similarly concerned with the pedagogic [suses] of the linguistic analysis of literature .

All the internal applications follow all the rules and use no " back door " techniques .
all the internal [suses] follow all the rules and use no " back door " techniques .

The `` x `` and `` y `` parameters are usually relative to the top left-hand-corner of the applications area .
the `` x `` and `` y `` parameters are usually relative to the top left-hand-corner of the [suses] area .

The chapter will cover hardware — the microcomputers ; software — the programs needed to make computers work effectively ; and it will provide an overview of possible applications of microcomputers for librarians and teachers working together in schools .
the chapter will cover hardware — the microcomputers ; software — the programs needed to make computers work effectively ; and it will provide an overview of possible [suses] of microcomputers for librarians and teachers working together in schools .

Some of the applications will be examined in more detail in subsequent chapters .
some of the [suses] will be examined in more detail in subsequent chapters .

Microcomputer applications
microcomputer [suses]

These applications will be covered fully in Chapters 3 and 4 and can be seen as widening the range and scope of the school librarian 's tasks and in providing an up to date technological approach to school library management which can only serve to improve the status of the school librarian and further teacher/librarian cooperation .
these [suses] will be covered fully in chapters 3 and 4 and can be seen as widening the range and scope of the school librarian 's tasks and in providing an up to date technological approach to school library management which can only serve to improve the status of the school librarian and further teacher/librarian cooperation .

Future developments in the use of microcomputers including applications such as the use of expert systems , compact and video disks , electronic publishing and interactive video will be discussed in Chapter 10 and allow those starting to use microcomputers in schools to have a wider view of potential applications .
future developments in the use of microcomputers including [suses] such as the use of expert systems , compact and video disks , electronic publishing and interactive video will be discussed in chapter 10 and allow those starting to use microcomputers in schools to have a wider view of potential [suses] .

It is a good idea to establish a habit of visiting these centres regularly after school to look at software and discuss applications and practice with others .
it is a good idea to establish a habit of visiting these centres regularly after school to look at software and discuss [suses] and practice with others .

In the school library , time constraints make it impossible to do everything the school librarian would like to do in microcomputer applications .
in the school library , time constraints make it impossible to do everything the school librarian would like to do in microcomputer [suses] .

There is , however , a presumption in favour of allowing development applications , and this has been increasingly stressed by the Thatcher government .
there is , however , a presumption in favour of allowing development [suses] , and this has been increasingly stressed by the thatcher government .

Furthermore , planning applications which raise issues of major importance , or of a particular technical nature , can be ‘ called in ’ for ministerial decision .
furthermore , planning [suses] which raise issues of major importance , or of a particular technical nature , can be ‘ called in ’ for ministerial decision .

Indeed , a number of authorities took ‘ the opportunity offered by the current preparation of the new statutory local plans to institutionalise negotiated planning control … the draft Westminster District Plan , for example , indicates unequivocally the council 's intention to pursue certain planning goals through agreements , in addition to establishing certain minimum gains to be included in planning applications or to be secured through negotiated amendments to submitted applications ’ An action area plan for Fareham , Hampshire , similarly states that ‘ planning permission for development in the proposed areas will not be granted until … negotiations between developers and the local authority for financial contributions have been concluded ’ .
indeed , a number of authorities took ‘ the opportunity offered by the current preparation of the new statutory local plans to institutionalise negotiated planning control … the draft westminster district plan , for example , indicates unequivocally the council 's intention to pursue certain planning goals through agreements , in addition to establishing certain minimum gains to be included in planning [suses] or to be secured through negotiated amendments to submitted [suses] ’ an action area plan for fareham , hampshire , similarly states that ‘ planning permission for development in the proposed areas will not be granted until … negotiations between developers and the local authority for financial contributions have been concluded ’ .

Additionally , ‘ the move from development plans to structure plans itself allows a move to flexible and broad criteria for decision , which in turn allows the decision-maker wide discretion and hence room for manoeuvre when resolving applications for planning permission ’ .
additionally , ‘ the move from development plans to structure plans itself allows a move to flexible and broad criteria for decision , which in turn allows the decision-maker wide discretion and hence room for manoeuvre when resolving [suses] for planning permission ’ .

Thus does section 87 of the Local Government , Planning and Land Act 1980 make provision for charges for planning applications .
thus does section 87 of the local government , planning and land act 1980 make provision for charges for planning [suses] .

However , to illustrate , under the 1985 regulations , the fee per new dwelling is £53 ( up to fifty dwellings when the £2,650 then payable becomes the maximum for the development ) ; applications relating to commercial and industrial buildings are charged £27 for up to 40 sq .
however , to illustrate , under the 1985 regulations , the fee per new dwelling is £53 ( up to fifty dwellings when the £2,650 then payable becomes the maximum for the development ) ; [suses] relating to commercial and industrial buildings are charged £27 for up to 40 sq .

Relevant previous circulars are cancelled , and local authorities were ‘ now asked to pick out for priority handling those applications which in their judgement will contribute most to national and local economic activity ’ .
relevant previous circulars are cancelled , and local authorities were ‘ now asked to pick out for priority handling those [suses] which in their judgement will contribute most to national and local economic activity ’ .

The exceptions relate particularly to those cases where the authority has a financial interest in the outcome , or where it applies standards to its own proposals different from those it applies to private sector applications .
the exceptions relate particularly to those cases where the authority has a financial interest in the outcome , or where it applies standards to its own proposals different from those it applies to private sector [suses] .

In evidence to the Environment Committee two illustrations were given : ‘ attempts by authorities to dispose of surplus school playing fields with the benefit of permission for development ; and competing applications for superstore development when one of the sites is owned by the authority themselves ’ .
in evidence to the environment committee two illustrations were given : ‘ attempts by authorities to dispose of surplus school playing fields with the benefit of permission for development ; and competing [suses] for superstore development when one of the sites is owned by the authority themselves ’ .

Finally , in tune with the government 's general philosophy , ‘ there is always a presumption in favour of allowing applications for development , having regard to all material considerations , unless that development would cause demonstrable harm to interests of acknowledged importance ’ .
finally , in tune with the government 's general philosophy , ‘ there is always a presumption in favour of allowing [suses] for development , having regard to all material considerations , unless that development would cause demonstrable harm to interests of acknowledged importance ’ .

In the early 1970s the concern was with the enormous increase in planning applications and planning appeals .
in the early 1970s the concern was with the enormous increase in planning [suses] and planning appeals .

Though all planning applications were made , in the first instance , to the district , those which fell within the category of ‘ county ’ matters were determined by the county council .
though all planning [suses] were made , in the first instance , to the district , those which fell within the category of ‘ county ’ matters were determined by the county council .

These included applications :
these included [suses] :

The Scottish provisions simply supplement the powers previously exercised solely by the secretary of state by a power of regional planning authorities to call in applications where :
the scottish provisions simply supplement the powers previously exercised solely by the secretary of state by a power of regional planning authorities to call in [suses] where :

Dobry 's detailed recommendations ( which totalled 161 ) were aimed in his words , at giving greater freedom to harmless development but also at guarding against harmful development by retaining the current scope of planning control ; at separating from the main stream of applications all those which might cause harm , and disposing of ‘ main stream applications ’ by rapid and routine procedures ; and applying the same approach to appeals .
dobry 's detailed recommendations ( which totalled 161 ) were aimed in his words , at giving greater freedom to harmless development but also at guarding against harmful development by retaining the current scope of planning control ; at separating from the main stream of [suses] all those which might cause harm , and disposing of ‘ main stream [suses] ’ by rapid and routine procedures ; and applying the same approach to appeals .

all applications conforming with an approved development plan ;
all [suses] conforming with an approved development plan ;

Other recommendations included the introduction of a stamp duty or similar standard charge for planning applications , the retention of detailed design control ( ‘ in spite of its subjective nature ’ ) ; the use of ‘ design guides ’ for ‘ homogeneous areas ’ and of ‘ design briefs ’ for particular sites ; greater delegation to officers ; speedy production of structure and local plans ( in accordance with a national timetable ) ; stronger control procedures in ‘ special environmental areas ’ ( for example , national parks , conservation areas and other areas identified in development plans or policies ) ; the establishment of local authority information centres and independent planning advice centres ( on which details of current pioneering examples are given in an appendix to the report ) .
other recommendations included the introduction of a stamp duty or similar standard charge for planning [suses] , the retention of detailed design control ( ‘ in spite of its subjective nature ’ ) ; the use of ‘ design guides ’ for ‘ homogeneous areas ’ and of ‘ design briefs ’ for particular sites ; greater delegation to officers ; speedy production of structure and local plans ( in accordance with a national timetable ) ; stronger control procedures in ‘ special environmental areas ’ ( for example , national parks , conservation areas and other areas identified in development plans or policies ) ; the establishment of local authority information centres and independent planning advice centres ( on which details of current pioneering examples are given in an appendix to the report ) .

The starting point for the Dobry inquiry was the lengthening delay in the processing of planning applications , but Dobry was quick to point out that ‘ not all delay is unacceptable : it is the price we must pay for the democratic planning of the environment ’ .
the starting point for the dobry inquiry was the lengthening delay in the processing of planning [suses] , but dobry was quick to point out that ‘ not all delay is unacceptable : it is the price we must pay for the democratic planning of the environment ’ .

This is effected by the division of applications into minor and major .
this is effected by the division of [suses] into minor and major .

Despite the inherent difficulties of determining this in advance ( at least to the satisfaction of the public and the local amenity societies ) it is nevertheless a fact that some 80 per cent of all applications are granted , and that many of these are simple and straightforward .
despite the inherent difficulties of determining this in advance ( at least to the satisfaction of the public and the local amenity societies ) it is nevertheless a fact that some 80 per cent of all [suses] are granted , and that many of these are simple and straightforward .

This , so Dobry believed , would relieve the overloaded planning machine to deal more thoroughly with the major and/or controversial applications ( which he suggested would constitute less than a half and , it was to be hoped , only a third of the total ) .
this , so dobry believed , would relieve the overloaded planning machine to deal more thoroughly with the major and/or controversial [suses] ( which he suggested would constitute less than a half and , it was to be hoped , only a third of the total ) .

These would receive greater scrutiny than hitherto , and the period for decision would be increased from the current statutory ( but , when applied to all applications , impracticable ) two months to three months .
these would receive greater scrutiny than hitherto , and the period for decision would be increased from the current statutory ( but , when applied to all [suses] , impracticable ) two months to three months .

They would receive greater public advertisement , and the more important applications would need to be accompanied by an impact study .
they would receive greater public advertisement , and the more important [suses] would need to be accompanied by an impact study .

In January 1981 district planning authorities became responsible for determining all planning applications which were formerly classified as county matters under the Local Government Act 1972 .
in january 1981 district planning authorities became responsible for determining all planning [suses] which were formerly classified as county matters under the local government act 1972 .

As a result , ‘ county matters ’ were now confined to applications for mineral and related development , for cement works , and for development that straddled the boundary of a national park .
as a result , ‘ county matters ’ were now confined to [suses] for mineral and related development , for cement works , and for development that straddled the boundary of a national park .

An overwhelming proportion of planning applications relate solely to small householder developments .
an overwhelming proportion of planning [suses] relate solely to small householder developments .

In some areas over 50 per cent of planning applications fall into these categories .
in some areas over 50 per cent of planning [suses] fall into these categories .

However , some areas do not have plans ; some plans do not cover issues that arise in individual planning applications ; and much development control has to rely on unwritten policy and professional skill and judgement .
however , some areas do not have plans ; some plans do not cover issues that arise in individual planning [suses] ; and much development control has to rely on unwritten policy and professional skill and judgement .

These might include inviting and expediting planning applications , seeking to overcome infrastructure problems quickly , or being prepared to acquire compulsorily land needed for development which an owner is unwilling to sell .
these might include inviting and expediting planning [suses] , seeking to overcome infrastructure problems quickly , or being prepared to acquire compulsorily land needed for development which an owner is unwilling to sell .

The agricultural quality of the land and the need to control the rate at which land is taken for development are among the factors to be considered [ in assessing planning applications affecting agricultural land ] , together with the need to facilitate development and economic activity that provides jobs , and the continuing need to protect the countryside for its own sake rather than primarily for the productive value of the land .
the agricultural quality of the land and the need to control the rate at which land is taken for development are among the factors to be considered [ in assessing planning [suses] affecting agricultural land ] , together with the need to facilitate development and economic activity that provides jobs , and the continuing need to protect the countryside for its own sake rather than primarily for the productive value of the land .

They operate within the confines of the planning policies administered by the Welsh local planning authorities , and , where their planning applications are refused they have the usual right of appeal to the Secretary of State for Wales .
they operate within the confines of the planning policies administered by the welsh local planning authorities , and , where their planning [suses] are refused they have the usual right of appeal to the secretary of state for wales .

advising the secretary of state on applications for permission to carry out works to listed buildings and to scheduled monuments ;
advising the secretary of state on [suses] for permission to carry out works to listed buildings and to scheduled monuments ;

In practice , the great majority of applications for consent are approved , often with conditions attached .
in practice , the great majority of [suses] for consent are approved , often with conditions attached .

Applications for listed building consent have to be advertised , and any representation must be taken into account by the local authority before it reaches its decision .
[suses] for listed building consent have to be advertised , and any representation must be taken into account by the local authority before it reaches its decision .

As an example of such effects we consider stratified flows , which have received particular attention because of their meteorological applications .
as an example of such effects we consider stratified flows , which have received particular attention because of their meteorological [suses] .

Many of the important ideas have been developed in the context of such applications , principally in relation to the lowest layers of the atmosphere as the wind blows over hot or cold ground .
many of the important ideas have been developed in the context of such [suses] , principally in relation to the lowest layers of the atmosphere as the wind blows over hot or cold ground .

The reason that it has received so much attention is not primarily that it is of practical importance ( although it has applications , e.g .
the reason that it has received so much attention is not primarily that it is of practical importance ( although it has [suses] , e.g .

There are evident applications to oceanography .
there are evident [suses] to oceanography .

Partly because of these applications , the most widely considered combination is that of heat and dissolved common salt .
partly because of these [suses] , the most widely considered combination is that of heat and dissolved common salt .

Further applications are discussed in Ref .
further [suses] are discussed in ref .

There are also some other fluid dynamical applications of these ideas , as we shall see in Section 24.5 .
there are also some other fluid dynamical [suses] of these ideas , as we shall see in section 24.5 .

Both these systems are essentially demonstrations ; they do not have obvious applications .
both these systems are essentially demonstrations ; they do not have obvious [suses] .

It should , therefore , be noted that chaotic behaviour of non-fluid dynamical systems is of importance in a whole range of applications ; examples are solar system dynamics ; non-linear laser optics ; electric circuits with non-linear feedback ; chemical reaction rates ; dynamics of species populations .
it should , therefore , be noted that chaotic behaviour of non-fluid dynamical systems is of importance in a whole range of [suses] ; examples are solar system dynamics ; non-linear laser optics ; electric circuits with non-linear feedback ; chemical reaction rates ; dynamics of species populations .

They are widely used on the large-scale , a familiar example being the cup anemometer used in everyday meteorological applications .
they are widely used on the large-scale , a familiar example being the cup anemometer used in everyday meteorological [suses] .

From an environment that handled data alone , the electronic systems will now be used not only to handle data , but also information and records based applications .
from an environment that handled data alone , the electronic systems will now be used not only to handle data , but also information and records based [suses] .

The functions they provide may include a selection of the following : electronic mail , fax , telex , word processing , records storage and retrieval ( both individual and shared ) , diary scheduling ( people and facilities ) , internal reference information , spreadsheets , access to other applications , and the importing and repackaging of data from other applications .
the functions they provide may include a selection of the following : electronic mail , fax , telex , word processing , records storage and retrieval ( both individual and shared ) , diary scheduling ( people and facilities ) , internal reference information , spreadsheets , access to other [suses] , and the importing and repackaging of data from other [suses] .

Particularly with Office Systems and Groupware applications the information issues may be at least as complex as the technology .
particularly with office systems and groupware [suses] the information issues may be at least as complex as the technology .

Correct operation of applications software relies more often than not on particular revisions of system software , program patches , hardware upgrades , firmware revisions and machine-dependent interfacing to peripherals .
correct operation of [suses] software relies more often than not on particular revisions of system software , program patches , hardware upgrades , firmware revisions and machine-dependent interfacing to peripherals .

Despite the formidable obstacles that face a fully-fledged software preservation programme there is at least one modest but significant programme of software acquisition that is technically achievable and that has affordable resource implications , namely , software for personal computers — ‘ shrink-wrapped ’ consumer software as well as custom-written special applications software .
despite the formidable obstacles that face a fully-fledged software preservation programme there is at least one modest but significant programme of software acquisition that is technically achievable and that has affordable resource implications , namely , software for personal computers — ‘ shrink-wrapped ’ consumer software as well as custom-written special [suses] software .

In most cases , additional more specialized tagsets are provided for those wishing to encode aspects of these features in more detail ( see further section 9.4. below ) , but the elements defined in this core are believed to be adequate for most applications most of the time .
in most cases , additional more specialized tagsets are provided for those wishing to encode aspects of these features in more detail ( see further section 9.4. below ) , but the elements defined in this core are believed to be adequate for most [suses] most of the time .

This is based on the feature structure notation employed in theoretical linguistics , but has applications far beyond linguistic theory .
this is based on the feature structure notation employed in theoretical linguistics , but has [suses] far beyond linguistic theory .

This is no easy task when we consider that what is required is some competence in a range of applications software and a degree of sensitivity to the data modelling and analytical problems that historical source material and historical research involve .
this is no easy task when we consider that what is required is some competence in a range of [suses] software and a degree of sensitivity to the data modelling and analytical problems that historical source material and historical research involve .

The applications and methods course , on the other hand , seems more closely tailored to the needs of postgraduate history students .
the [suses] and methods course , on the other hand , seems more closely tailored to the needs of postgraduate history students .

Some training in computer methods and applications should be required for all university students irrespective of their subject , and this should be provided by a service teaching department .
some training in computer methods and [suses] should be required for all university students irrespective of their subject , and this should be provided by a service teaching department .

At the rather more advanced end , our small community of postgraduate history students requires training in the computer methods and applications that are appropriate to historical research .
at the rather more advanced end , our small community of postgraduate history students requires training in the computer methods and [suses] that are appropriate to historical research .

Having filled their computer methods requirements outlined above , students will neither shrink from the challenge that such components hold forth nor demand rudimentary applications training from their history teachers .
having filled their computer methods requirements outlined above , students will neither shrink from the challenge that such components hold forth nor demand rudimentary [suses] training from their history teachers .

Typically , end-users will use only one medium — for each there will be a common standard across their individual applications .
typically , end-users will use only one medium — for each there will be a common standard across their individual [suses] .

By the late 80s , the world of networks and powerful applications had arrived .
by the late 80s , the world of networks and powerful [suses] had arrived .

These were much more complex than the statistical packages and linear modelling applications of the 1960s .
these were much more complex than the statistical packages and linear modelling [suses] of the 1960s .

Two sorts of applications deserve attention .
two sorts of [suses] deserve attention .

The concepts they use may involve the following , data elements , data tables , databases , knowledge bases , software applications , interfaces … .
the concepts they use may involve the following , data elements , data tables , databases , knowledge bases , software [suses] , interfaces … .

If one were to peruse the extensive range of surveys of the applications of the rational expectations hypothesis to macroeconomics , one would come across a different framework of analysis , one which is so widely accepted that it is rarely explained in any detail , still less is its theoretical basis probed critically or its conclusions called into question .
if one were to peruse the extensive range of surveys of the [suses] of the rational expectations hypothesis to macroeconomics , one would come across a different framework of analysis , one which is so widely accepted that it is rarely explained in any detail , still less is its theoretical basis probed critically or its conclusions called into question .

If the county court and the High Court have concurrent jurisdiction to hear the case proceedings may be commenced in either court ( art 4 ) , except that : ( 1 ) proceedings which include a claim for damages in respect of personal injuries must be commenced in the county court , unless the value of the action ( defined below ) is £50,000 or more ( art 5(1) ) ; personal injuries are defined as " personal injuries to the plaintiff or any other person and include disease , impairment of physical or mental condition , and death " ( art 5(2) ) ; ( 2 ) applications under s 19 of the Local Government Finance Act 1982 ( applications concerning decisions of local authority auditors ) and appeals under s 20 of that Act ( appeals against such decisions ) must be commenced in the High Court ( art 6 ) ; and ( 3 ) under s 1 of the Courts and Legal Services Act 1990 the Lord Chancellor may by order require any other categories of case to be commenced in one or other court ; to date there are no such other orders .
if the county court and the high court have concurrent jurisdiction to hear the case proceedings may be commenced in either court ( art 4 ) , except that : ( 1 ) proceedings which include a claim for damages in respect of personal injuries must be commenced in the county court , unless the value of the action ( defined below ) is £50,000 or more ( art 5(1) ) ; personal injuries are defined as " personal injuries to the plaintiff or any other person and include disease , impairment of physical or mental condition , and death " ( art 5(2) ) ; ( 2 ) [suses] under s 19 of the local government finance act 1982 ( [suses] concerning decisions of local authority auditors ) and appeals under s 20 of that act ( appeals against such decisions ) must be commenced in the high court ( art 6 ) ; and ( 3 ) under s 1 of the courts and legal services act 1990 the lord chancellor may by order require any other categories of case to be commenced in one or other court ; to date there are no such other orders .

There are four types of originating process in the county court : ( 1 ) summonses ( Ord 3 , r 3 ) ; ( 2 ) originating applications ( Ord 3 , r 4 ) ; ( 3 ) petitions ( Ord 3 , r 5 ) ; ( 4 ) appeals to the county court ( Ord 3 , r 6 ) .
there are four types of originating process in the county court : ( 1 ) summonses ( ord 3 , r 3 ) ; ( 2 ) originating [suses] ( ord 3 , r 4 ) ; ( 3 ) petitions ( ord 3 , r 5 ) ; ( 4 ) appeals to the county court ( ord 3 , r 6 ) .

Originating applications form a residual category , being the appropriate originating process for any proceedings authorised to be brought in a county court and not required by any Act or rule to be commenced otherwise .
originating [suses] form a residual category , being the appropriate originating process for any proceedings authorised to be brought in a county court and not required by any act or rule to be commenced otherwise .

Requirements on issue are as for originating applications , save that `` petitioner `` and `` petition `` are substituted for `` applicant `` and `` ( originating ) application `` .
requirements on issue are as for originating [suses] , save that `` petitioner `` and `` petition `` are substituted for `` applicant `` and `` ( originating ) application `` .

The procedure follows that for originating applications .
the procedure follows that for originating [suses] .

Originating applications and petitions
originating [suses] and petitions

Such applications are made by way of joint application of the landlord and tenant , one of the parties issuing on behalf of both , supported by an affidavit exhibiting the proposed lease though local practice in some courts may not require this .
such [suses] are made by way of joint application of the landlord and tenant , one of the parties issuing on behalf of both , supported by an affidavit exhibiting the proposed lease though local practice in some courts may not require this .

These applications are not regarded as a mere formality by most courts which may require the originating application to state the grounds in proper detail , for example that the lessor may require to occupy at the expiration of the lease ; that the premises are temporarily surplus to the needs of the lessor ; that the lessee has indicated that he only requires the premises for a limited period ; that there is to be development at the expiration of the term ; that the lessor is only prepared to grant if the section is excluded ; that exclusion of the section has been taken into consideration in negotiations for the rent , or possibly that the premises form part of other premises which brings the provisions of management of the whole into question if the section is not excluded .
these [suses] are not regarded as a mere formality by most courts which may require the originating application to state the grounds in proper detail , for example that the lessor may require to occupy at the expiration of the lease ; that the premises are temporarily surplus to the needs of the lessor ; that the lessee has indicated that he only requires the premises for a limited period ; that there is to be development at the expiration of the term ; that the lessor is only prepared to grant if the section is excluded ; that exclusion of the section has been taken into consideration in negotiations for the rent , or possibly that the premises form part of other premises which brings the provisions of management of the whole into question if the section is not excluded .

Applications for exclusion of a right to a new tenancy are almost invariably dealt with by the district judge without the parties attending .
[suses] for exclusion of a right to a new tenancy are almost invariably dealt with by the district judge without the parties attending .

Early appointments may usually be obtained , as a matter of practice , for such applications .
early appointments may usually be obtained , as a matter of practice , for such [suses] .

For procedure and requirements on applications , see Chapter 27 .
for procedure and requirements on [suses] , see chapter 27 .

All summonses and originating applications must now be served within four months .
all summonses and originating [suses] must now be served within four months .

Originating applications for new tenancies under s 24 of the Landlord and Tenant Act 1954
originating [suses] for new tenancies under s 24 of the landlord and tenant act 1954

Such applications must be served within two months of issue unless the period is extended .
such [suses] must be served within two months of issue unless the period is extended .

Originating applications — filing an answer
originating [suses] — filing an answer

Save for appeals and applications under Ord 37 in cases of transfer for enforcement and payments into court , all further steps after transfer are to be taken in the transferee court ( Ord 16 , r 4(6) ) .
save for appeals and [suses] under ord 37 in cases of transfer for enforcement and payments into court , all further steps after transfer are to be taken in the transferee court ( ord 16 , r 4(6) ) .

Originating applications
originating [suses]

All applications must be made on written notice unless otherwise directed .
all [suses] must be made on written notice unless otherwise directed .

Applications are heard in chambers unless otherwise directed .
[suses] are heard in chambers unless otherwise directed .

If made ex parte , the application must be filed a reasonable time before the hearing subject to the power of the court to hear applications at any time .
if made ex parte , the application must be filed a reasonable time before the hearing subject to the power of the court to hear [suses] at any time .

All applications , unless the judge otherwise directs or unless it be an `` excepted application `` , shall be made to the district judge .
all [suses] , unless the judge otherwise directs or unless it be an `` excepted application `` , shall be made to the district judge .

Excepted applications are most applications for injunctions , and all applications to commit .
excepted [suses] are most [suses] for injunctions , and all [suses] to commit .

Excepted applications must be made to the judge .
excepted [suses] must be made to the judge .

Where applications are made on notice : ( a ) notice is to be served on the opposite party and filed in the court not less than two days before the hearing , unless the court gives leave for short notice ; and ( b ) the party making the application is responsible for ascertaining that the court will be available to hear the application and that sufficient time will be available .
where [suses] are made on notice : ( a ) notice is to be served on the opposite party and filed in the court not less than two days before the hearing , unless the court gives leave for short notice ; and ( b ) the party making the application is responsible for ascertaining that the court will be available to hear the application and that sufficient time will be available .

Appeals from orders of district judge made on applications are made to the judge on notice to be filed and served within five days after the order is made unless additional time is allowed by the circuit judge .
appeals from orders of district judge made on [suses] are made to the judge on notice to be filed and served within five days after the order is made unless additional time is allowed by the circuit judge .

Copy documents on applications
copy documents on [suses]

Costs on applications
costs on [suses]

Applications by letter are now generally accepted in cases where no appointment is required .
[suses] by letter are now generally accepted in cases where no appointment is required .

Certain ex parte applications are required to be made by affidavit , in which case the affidavit itself suffices as the application .
certain ex parte [suses] are required to be made by affidavit , in which case the affidavit itself suffices as the application .

The court may decide applications in the applicant 's absence .
the court may decide [suses] in the applicant 's absence .

Some courts allow attendance on simple or agreed applications by letter , but this is not as of right .
some courts allow attendance on simple or agreed [suses] by letter , but this is not as of right .

Some applications for adjournment are made ex parte on filing written consent of all parties but reason for the adjournment is expected to be given , and the court may not necessarily grant it even if all parties consent .
some [suses] for adjournment are made ex parte on filing written consent of all parties but reason for the adjournment is expected to be given , and the court may not necessarily grant it even if all parties consent .

Pleadings and particulars in general The court has general powers to order a pleading or particulars to be filed and delivered and these may be exercised by the court on applications or , if the court wishes the issue to be defined , on the court 's own motion ( Ord 6 , r 7(1) , Ord 9 , r 11(2) and ( 3 ) and Ord 13 , r 2(1) and ( 2 ) ) .
pleadings and particulars in general the court has general powers to order a pleading or particulars to be filed and delivered and these may be exercised by the court on [suses] or , if the court wishes the issue to be defined , on the court 's own motion ( ord 6 , r 7(1) , ord 9 , r 11(2) and ( 3 ) and ord 13 , r 2(1) and ( 2 ) ) .

At the pre-trial review any interlocutory applications may be made ( Ord 17 , r 4 ) .
at the pre-trial review any interlocutory [suses] may be made ( ord 17 , r 4 ) .

On the pre-trial review applications may be made on notice for reference to arbitration , albeit more than £1,000 is in issue ( Ord 19 , r 2(2) and ( 5 ) ) .
on the pre-trial review [suses] may be made on notice for reference to arbitration , albeit more than £1,000 is in issue ( ord 19 , r 2(2) and ( 5 ) ) .

Order 16 , r 9 ( as revised ) made important changes to the rules on transfer and requires that : ( 1 ) the grounds of an application for transfer be stated by reference to the criteria in art 7 ( 5 ) ; and ( 2 ) all applications ( whether or not based on `` financial substance `` ) be supported by a statement of value .
order 16 , r 9 ( as revised ) made important changes to the rules on transfer and requires that : ( 1 ) the grounds of an application for transfer be stated by reference to the criteria in art 7 ( 5 ) ; and ( 2 ) all [suses] ( whether or not based on `` financial substance `` ) be supported by a statement of value .

Applications to stay or suspend the order or warrant are made to the district judge ( Ord 25 , r 8 ) .
[suses] to stay or suspend the order or warrant are made to the district judge ( ord 25 , r 8 ) .

Some courts in such circumstances will mark the court record so that further applications are brought to the district judge 's notice before any action is taken in the court office .
some courts in such circumstances will mark the court record so that further [suses] are brought to the district judge 's notice before any action is taken in the court office .

Once the process is posted to defendant 's address , if it is not returned by the Post Office , it is deemed to have been delivered , ( see s 7 of the Interpretation Act 1978 ) ; thus applications by defendants will generally seek to show , by affidavit , that the defendant was away from the a ddress , for example , abroad or on a prolonged holiday ; it has been held that he is not entitled to have the judgment set aside ex debito justitiae .
once the process is posted to defendant 's address , if it is not returned by the post office , it is deemed to have been delivered , ( see s 7 of the interpretation act 1978 ) ; thus [suses] by defendants will generally seek to show , by affidavit , that the defendant was away from the a ddress , for example , abroad or on a prolonged holiday ; it has been held that he is not entitled to have the judgment set aside ex debito justitiae .

1.31 Pre-litigation applications for discovery and inspection of particular documents are mainly relevant to liability .
1.31 pre-litigation [suses] for discovery and inspection of particular documents are mainly relevant to liability .

1.61 Second or subsequent applications for an interim payment can be made even if the first one failed .
1.61 second or subsequent [suses] for an interim payment can be made even if the first one failed .

By this system any unexpected hiatus should be avoided and the Law Society will no longer be compelled to process applications for renewal of certificates from the entire profession at one and the same time .
by this system any unexpected hiatus should be avoided and the law society will no longer be compelled to process [suses] for renewal of certificates from the entire profession at one and the same time .

Where after notification of any of the matters in cases ( 4 ) to ( 13 ) the Society proceeds to grant an unconditional certificate subsequent applications need not contain references to those matters .
where after notification of any of the matters in cases ( 4 ) to ( 13 ) the society proceeds to grant an unconditional certificate subsequent [suses] need not contain references to those matters .

It is clear that as a matter of prudent management in a firm of any size one of the partners or a senior member of staff should be given overall responsibility for ensuring that all partners and employed solicitors ( whether or not held out as partners ) comply with these basic requirements of professional practice ( by keeping a check on replacement and renewal dates , collating relevant statistical information , ensuring timeous completion and posting of applications , etc ) and that the firm is spared the embarrassment of financial penalties or , even worse , an unwanted dissolution .
it is clear that as a matter of prudent management in a firm of any size one of the partners or a senior member of staff should be given overall responsibility for ensuring that all partners and employed solicitors ( whether or not held out as partners ) comply with these basic requirements of professional practice ( by keeping a check on replacement and renewal dates , collating relevant statistical information , ensuring timeous completion and posting of [suses] , etc ) and that the firm is spared the embarrassment of financial penalties or , even worse , an unwanted dissolution .

The practice is found in a wide range of commercial applications , from rent reviews to breach of warranty claims , and from construction disputes to pension scheme transfers .
the practice is found in a wide range of commercial [suses] , from rent reviews to breach of warranty claims , and from construction disputes to pension scheme transfers .

The procedure is simple and based on the wording of each contract adopting expert determination : precedents used in the various applications do not vary greatly from each other .
the procedure is simple and based on the wording of each contract adopting expert determination : precedents used in the various [suses] do not vary greatly from each other .

The law reports also provide information about the applications of the procedure .
the law reports also provide information about the [suses] of the procedure .

But the law reports are a random collection of cases , and the very fact that each of those cases resulted from a dispute which the parties could not settle by agreement and had to take to court may make them an unrepresentative sample of the applications of the procedure .
but the law reports are a random collection of cases , and the very fact that each of those cases resulted from a dispute which the parties could not settle by agreement and had to take to court may make them an unrepresentative sample of the [suses] of the procedure .

Although not a true source in that it is not found in published material , the other main source of information about the applications of expert determination is provided by the instances encountered in the course of practice .
although not a true source in that it is not found in published material , the other main source of information about the [suses] of expert determination is provided by the instances encountered in the course of practice .

The subject is defined by its applications .
the subject is defined by its [suses] .

All the applications of expert determination have evolved through commercial practice .
all the [suses] of expert determination have evolved through commercial practice .

Hence Chapters 2 – 7 look at the applications in detail .
hence chapters 2 – 7 look at the [suses] in detail .

The study of litigation or arbitration does not depend on detailed study of the applications of those systems .
the study of litigation or arbitration does not depend on detailed study of the [suses] of those systems .

Expert determination has , until recently , been limited to the applications set out in Chapters 2 – 7 .
expert determination has , until recently , been limited to the [suses] set out in chapters 2 – 7 .

If this trend continues , the details of the applications may cease to matter .
if this trend continues , the details of the [suses] may cease to matter .

In the meantime , therefore , the applications are an integral part of a study of expert determination .
in the meantime , therefore , the [suses] are an integral part of a study of expert determination .

1.4.1 The applications
1.4.1 the [suses]

The principal applications have been and remain rent review and share valuation , which are covered in Chapters 2 and 3 .
the principal [suses] have been and remain rent review and share valuation , which are covered in chapters 2 and 3 .

Chapter 5 reviews the remaining commercial applications .
chapter 5 reviews the remaining commercial [suses] .

Chapter 7 looks at industrial applications in the energy , mining , shipbuilding , construction and computer industries , where both valuation and technical skills of experts are used to settle issues .
chapter 7 looks at industrial [suses] in the energy , mining , shipbuilding , construction and computer industries , where both valuation and technical skills of experts are used to settle issues .

Other Commercial Applications
other commercial [suses]

This chapter considers various other commercial applications of expert determination , namely : ( 1 ) employee remuneration and share options ( 5.2 ) ; ( 2 ) partnership agreements ( 5.3 ) ; ( 3 ) finance leasing ( 5.4 ) ; ( 4 ) capital markets ( 5.5 ) ; ( 5 ) convertible preference shares ( 5.6 ) ; and ( 6 ) intellectual property ( 5.7 ) .
this chapter considers various other commercial [suses] of expert determination , namely : ( 1 ) employee remuneration and share options ( 5.2 ) ; ( 2 ) partnership agreements ( 5.3 ) ; ( 3 ) finance leasing ( 5.4 ) ; ( 4 ) capital markets ( 5.5 ) ; ( 5 ) convertible preference shares ( 5.6 ) ; and ( 6 ) intellectual property ( 5.7 ) .

This chapter examines : ( 1 ) the remaining more traditional applications , commodities ( 6.2 ) , legal questions ( 6.3 ) and insurance ( 6.4 ) ; ( 2 ) how expert determination has been adapted and expanded by the notion that the referee is an " expert " rather than a valuer ( 6.5 ) , leading to new applications ( 6.6 ) ; ( 3 ) the shift from deciding specific issues to resolving disputes ( 6.7 ) ; ( 4 ) the use of expert determination alongside other forms of dispute resolution ( 6.8 ) ; and ( 5 ) the use of expert determination as a form of general dispute resolution ( 6.9 ) .
this chapter examines : ( 1 ) the remaining more traditional [suses] , commodities ( 6.2 ) , legal questions ( 6.3 ) and insurance ( 6.4 ) ; ( 2 ) how expert determination has been adapted and expanded by the notion that the referee is an " expert " rather than a valuer ( 6.5 ) , leading to new [suses] ( 6.6 ) ; ( 3 ) the shift from deciding specific issues to resolving disputes ( 6.7 ) ; ( 4 ) the use of expert determination alongside other forms of dispute resolution ( 6.8 ) ; and ( 5 ) the use of expert determination as a form of general dispute resolution ( 6.9 ) .

Questions about the quality and price of commodities would seem to be natural applications for expert determination , but events have not borne out that assumption .
questions about the quality and price of commodities would seem to be natural [suses] for expert determination , but events have not borne out that assumption .

Applications of expert determination in the energy and computer industries are set out in Chapter 7 .
[suses] of expert determination in the energy and computer industries are set out in chapter 7 .

There are many new technologies , and the expert procedure may be appropriate to many more applications than the instances discussed in Chapter 7 .
there are many new technologies , and the expert procedure may be appropriate to many more [suses] than the instances discussed in chapter 7 .

In the more recently developed applications , expert clauses are less specific in that they do not reserve individual issues such as sales figures for determination by an expert , but refer general types of disputes to experts : for instance , `` all disputes of a technical nature arising under this agreement `` .
in the more recently developed [suses] , expert clauses are less specific in that they do not reserve individual issues such as sales figures for determination by an expert , but refer general types of disputes to experts : for instance , `` all disputes of a technical nature arising under this agreement `` .

Industrial Applications
industrial [suses]

This section looks at the first two of these applications .
this section looks at the first two of these [suses] .

Construction applications are covered in 7.4 .
construction [suses] are covered in 7.4 .

8.7.3 Avoid the requirement for joint applications
8.7.3 avoid the requirement for joint [suses]

8.15.2 No right in certain company applications
8.15.2 no right in certain company [suses]

For instance , in the commercial applications , the articles of association of a company do not specify a procedure , but merely say that the auditors are to certify the value of the shares ( see Chapter 3 ) : the same brevity is encountered in the share option ( 5.2 ) and convertible preference share examples ( 5.6 ) .
for instance , in the commercial [suses] , the articles of association of a company do not specify a procedure , but merely say that the auditors are to certify the value of the shares ( see chapter 3 ) : the same brevity is encountered in the share option ( 5.2 ) and convertible preference share examples ( 5.6 ) .

This will hold good for the more regularly used applications .
this will hold good for the more regularly used [suses] .

Clauses which provide for the expert to be a firm or company are usually found in commercial applications of the type considered in Chapters 2 – 5 .
clauses which provide for the expert to be a firm or company are usually found in commercial [suses] of the type considered in chapters 2 – 5 .

11.8 Procedures for specific applications
11.8 procedures for specific [suses]

11.8.2 Other applications
11.8.2 other [suses]

It is important to note that since 1 October 1990 fees have been payable in respect of applications for merger clearance .
it is important to note that since 1 october 1990 fees have been payable in respect of [suses] for merger clearance .

The delay in issuing was caused by demands from the generators to keep part of their applications confidential , so as not to benefit commercial rivals .
the delay in issuing was caused by demands from the generators to keep part of their [suses] confidential , so as not to benefit commercial rivals .

Research at the University of Leeds , in collaboration with Imperial College , London , and the National Engineering Laboratory at East Kilbride , is at an early stage , and it may be 10 years before practical applications for supercritical water are developed .
research at the university of leeds , in collaboration with imperial college , london , and the national engineering laboratory at east kilbride , is at an early stage , and it may be 10 years before practical [suses] for supercritical water are developed .

It argues for compulsory quotas on nitrogen use , with strict limits in sensitive water catchment areas , and tax incentives to reduce pesticide applications .
it argues for compulsory quotas on nitrogen use , with strict limits in sensitive water catchment areas , and tax incentives to reduce pesticide [suses] .

Much of the energy saving at Wansbeck General Hospital will be achieved through novel applications of tried and tested methods , such as high standards of double glazing and insulation .
much of the energy saving at wansbeck general hospital will be achieved through novel [suses] of tried and tested methods , such as high standards of double glazing and insulation .

The British government 's programme for the development of renewable energy has been massively oversubscribed , with developers submitting applications for projects which would generate electricity well in excess of the government 's target .
the british government 's programme for the development of renewable energy has been massively oversubscribed , with developers submitting [suses] for projects which would generate electricity well in excess of the government 's target .

But the applications for 42 wind farms alone would produce around 115 megawatts , and one proposed waste-incineration scheme would generate 96 megawatts .
but the [suses] for 42 wind farms alone would produce around 115 megawatts , and one proposed waste-incineration scheme would generate 96 megawatts .

According to the energy campaigner of Friends of the Earth , Simon Roberts , " with this year 's applications for wind power alone the government could meet a quarter of its total target for the year 2000 " .
according to the energy campaigner of friends of the earth , simon roberts , " with this year 's [suses] for wind power alone the government could meet a quarter of its total target for the year 2000 " .

The report advocates the following amendments : i ) a national policy for fish farming ; ii ) the extension of planning control to marine fish farms ; iii ) the adoption of a " duty of care for the environment " by fish farmers ; iv ) the introduction of a system for monitoring the effects of fish farming ; v ) the introduction of mandatory environmental assessments for all fish farming applications ; and vi ) the application of statutory status to Marine Conservation Areas to protect sensitive zones from the worst effects of fish farming .
the report advocates the following amendments : i ) a national policy for fish farming ; ii ) the extension of planning control to marine fish farms ; iii ) the adoption of a " duty of care for the environment " by fish farmers ; iv ) the introduction of a system for monitoring the effects of fish farming ; v ) the introduction of mandatory environmental assessments for all fish farming [suses] ; and vi ) the application of statutory status to marine conservation areas to protect sensitive zones from the worst effects of fish farming .

The report says applications to mine at 652 new sites in England and Wales have been made this year .
the report says [suses] to mine at 652 new sites in england and wales have been made this year .

Many of the applications result from the 1991 Planning & Conservation Act , which requires owners of mineral rights to register Interim Development Orders granted between 1943 and 1948 .
many of the [suses] result from the 1991 planning & conservation act , which requires owners of mineral rights to register interim development orders granted between 1943 and 1948 .

Applications for research will be screened by the Natural Environment Research Council .
[suses] for research will be screened by the natural environment research council .

It would also have many applications in Third World countries since it uses rubber tyres in both modes and thereby has an incline capability of ⅙ This means that in Third World countries instead of flattening the mountains and filling the valleys to make them level to one could follow the contours of the countryside and enormously reduce civil engineering costs .
it would also have many [suses] in third world countries since it uses rubber tyres in both modes and thereby has an incline capability of ⅙ this means that in third world countries instead of flattening the mountains and filling the valleys to make them level to one could follow the contours of the countryside and enormously reduce civil engineering costs .

It would not be appropriate for unions to issue guidelines for a range of applications ( eg design , data processing , text processing ) .
it would not be appropriate for unions to issue guidelines for a range of [suses] ( eg design , data processing , text processing ) .

The range of very important applications for which such information may be usefully employed is truly astonishing .
the range of very important [suses] for which such information may be usefully employed is truly astonishing .

Generic technologies are characterised by a breadth of long term potential applications and impacts which require that they be recognised as fundamental elements in thinking about and planning the long term socioeconomic future .
generic technologies are characterised by a breadth of long term potential [suses] and impacts which require that they be recognised as fundamental elements in thinking about and planning the long term socioeconomic future .

The second section , `` Applications `` , considers how various other theorists have attempted to develop Austin 's theory .
the second section , `` [suses] `` , considers how various other theorists have attempted to develop austin 's theory .

Most traditional employment practices , such as word-of-mouth recruitment , the use of unsolicited applications , preferences for friends and relations of existing employees and preferences for seniority , are practices which favour the ‘ haves ’ and disadvantage the ‘ have nots ’ .
most traditional employment practices , such as word-of-mouth recruitment , the use of unsolicited [suses] , preferences for friends and relations of existing employees and preferences for seniority , are practices which favour the ‘ haves ’ and disadvantage the ‘ have nots ’ .

In one district in West Belfast , according to recent Housing Executive figures , 570 housing applications out of a total of 813 are in ‘ urgent housing need ’ .
in one district in west belfast , according to recent housing executive figures , 570 housing [suses] out of a total of 813 are in ‘ urgent housing need ’ .

One participant claimed that when he used his West Belfast address in job applications he had no replies , but when he used an outside address he did receive replies .
one participant claimed that when he used his west belfast address in job [suses] he had no replies , but when he used an outside address he did receive replies .

" Applications … from the principal House holders of the Chapelry of Woodhead in the Parish of Mottram in Longdendale in the County of Chester … praying assistance in support of their institutions . "
" [suses] … from the principal house holders of the chapelry of woodhead in the parish of mottram in longdendale in the county of chester … praying assistance in support of their institutions . "

There were 173 applications for the now vacant post , and from a shortlist of eight Mr. Frederick Harold Philpot , a Housemaster at Cheltenham College since 1921 , was chosen .
there were 173 [suses] for the now vacant post , and from a shortlist of eight mr. frederick harold philpot , a housemaster at cheltenham college since 1921 , was chosen .

This in its turn was so successful that , within four months of its introduction in 1949 , the available places for the next four years had been booked , so that no new applications could be considered for admissions before 1953 !
this in its turn was so successful that , within four months of its introduction in 1949 , the available places for the next four years had been booked , so that no new [suses] could be considered for admissions before 1953 !

By 1960 there were 454 in the Senior School ( including 105 in the Sixth Form ) , and 158 in the Junior School ; applications for the 29 Senior places exceeded 300 .
by 1960 there were 454 in the senior school ( including 105 in the sixth form ) , and 158 in the junior school ; [suses] for the 29 senior places exceeded 300 .

In numerical applications , they may differ , depending on the accuracy with which and ξ are evaluated .
in numerical [suses] , they may differ , depending on the accuracy with which and ξ are evaluated .

Just as most large organizations and systems have found important uses for the computer in accounting and housekeeping operations , so also large libraries , whether public , academic or special , have tended to put their acquisitions and other operations on to computer , and considerable experiment has been going on with the applications of computerization to information retrieval .
just as most large organizations and systems have found important uses for the computer in accounting and housekeeping operations , so also large libraries , whether public , academic or special , have tended to put their acquisitions and other operations on to computer , and considerable experiment has been going on with the [suses] of computerization to information retrieval .

book materials available within them , and their uses and applications .
book materials available within them , and their uses and [suses] .

Applications should be sent as soon as possible to :
[suses] should be sent as soon as possible to :

On the strength of its hearings for the first eighteen applications the Reviewing Committee for the Export of Works of Art duly stopped all the drawings and starred the group , thus indicating its special status only the sixth time this has ever happened .
on the strength of its hearings for the first eighteen [suses] the reviewing committee for the export of works of art duly stopped all the drawings and starred the group , thus indicating its special status only the sixth time this has ever happened .

Their team is not as strong now , nor its future as bright , as when previous applications were rejected .
their team is not as strong now , nor its future as bright , as when previous [suses] were rejected .

On the other hand , although in recent years the regulation of the financial services industry has generated a lot of judicial review applications against regulatory bodies , the courts have discouraged these largely because they do not want court proceedings to be used as tactical weapons to delay financial transactions by parties disappointed by the failure of a regulatory body to give the applicant the protection it sought from financial predators .
on the other hand , although in recent years the regulation of the financial services industry has generated a lot of judicial review [suses] against regulatory bodies , the courts have discouraged these largely because they do not want court proceedings to be used as tactical weapons to delay financial transactions by parties disappointed by the failure of a regulatory body to give the applicant the protection it sought from financial predators .

There were no relevant standing rules governing applications for declarations and injunctions before the enactment of rule 3(7) because before then these remedies could not be applied for under Order 53 , but only in private actions .
there were no relevant standing rules governing [suses] for declarations and injunctions before the enactment of rule 3(7) because before then these remedies could not be applied for under order 53 , but only in private actions .

Also , allowing representatives to initiate applications for judicial review raises the question of whether representatives ought to be allowed to intervene in applications initiated by others in order to express opposing or complementary points of view .
also , allowing representatives to initiate [suses] for judicial review raises the question of whether representatives ought to be allowed to intervene in [suses] initiated by others in order to express opposing or complementary points of view .

Nor should remedial discretion be used as a way of discouraging applications for judicial review in order to reduce the Crown Office List to manageable proportions .
nor should remedial discretion be used as a way of discouraging [suses] for judicial review in order to reduce the crown office list to manageable proportions .

Straightforward leave applications are often decided without an oral hearing ; but even when there is a hearing in order to clarify issues , leave proceedings are meant to be very brief : a recent practice statement requires special notice to be given if it is anticipated that the leave application will last for more than 30 minutes .
straightforward leave [suses] are often decided without an oral hearing ; but even when there is a hearing in order to clarify issues , leave proceedings are meant to be very brief : a recent practice statement requires special notice to be given if it is anticipated that the leave application will last for more than 30 minutes .

However , it has been said in the context of applications for judicial review of decisions of bodies exercising powers to regulate takeovers that a remedy would not normally be given until after the takeover process was complete .
however , it has been said in the context of [suses] for judicial review of decisions of bodies exercising powers to regulate takeovers that a remedy would not normally be given until after the takeover process was complete .

Also , it may be that the relative cheapness and speed of the leave procedure encourages applications to be made for tactical reasons ( for example , to increase the chance of a favourable settlement ) despite the absence of any serious expectation that leave will be granted .
also , it may be that the relative cheapness and speed of the leave procedure encourages [suses] to be made for tactical reasons ( for example , to increase the chance of a favourable settlement ) despite the absence of any serious expectation that leave will be granted .

Applications for the next academic year should be in before 30 March 1992 .
[suses] for the next academic year should be in before 30 march 1992 .

Thus it would appear that Kelsen and Aquinas agree that law sometimes involves applications of general rules by way of subsumption of the particular under the general , that is a deductive process , and sometimes concretization by way of delegation .
thus it would appear that kelsen and aquinas agree that law sometimes involves [suses] of general rules by way of subsumption of the particular under the general , that is a deductive process , and sometimes concretization by way of delegation .

But even the most detailed body of laws will still themselves require concretization in particular applications , and the final stage of law creation is the actual human conduct that occurs .
but even the most detailed body of laws will still themselves require concretization in particular [suses] , and the final stage of law creation is the actual human conduct that occurs .

Applications invited for the Banister Fletcher Awards for publications on architecture
[suses] invited for the banister fletcher awards for publications on architecture

Having seen that there is an a priori case for some governmental interference , we will pass on in chapter 3 to applications of the theory of the firm to regulated situations — how we might expect such firms to behave .
having seen that there is an a priori case for some governmental interference , we will pass on in chapter 3 to [suses] of the theory of the firm to regulated situations — how we might expect such firms to behave .

From a policy point of view , if in any specific area regulated company and public authority company managers were not commonly recruited from outside , this line of argument would suggest that outside applications should be encouraged .
from a policy point of view , if in any specific area regulated company and public authority company managers were not commonly recruited from outside , this line of argument would suggest that outside [suses] should be encouraged .

Here , in straightforward applications , no price is below its relevant marginal cost and the discrepancy between price and marginal cost is larger , the less elastic is demand for that product ( Phillips , 1980 ) .
here , in straightforward [suses] , no price is below its relevant marginal cost and the discrepancy between price and marginal cost is larger , the less elastic is demand for that product ( phillips , 1980 ) .

: systems developed for legal or commercial applications could include automatic signature verification as a useful part of their functionality ;
: systems developed for legal or commercial [suses] could include automatic signature verification as a useful part of their functionality ;

1.4.6 Other Applications
1.4.6 other [suses]

Both objectives require the application of higher level knowledge to identify inconsistencies at individual levels , so it is possible that techniques developed for recognition applications could contribute to the development of text understanding systems .
both objectives require the application of higher level knowledge to identify inconsistencies at individual levels , so it is possible that techniques developed for recognition [suses] could contribute to the development of text understanding systems .

This section reviews published research into natural language applications that involve some element of semantic processing ; with particular emphasis on the applicability to text recognition systems .
this section reviews published research into natural language [suses] that involve some element of semantic processing ; with particular emphasis on the applicability to text recognition systems .

However , techniques that are developed for theoretical purposes or for other applications may have relevance to the present project , and this is indicated where appropriate .
however , techniques that are developed for theoretical purposes or for other [suses] may have relevance to the present project , and this is indicated where appropriate .

Although the extraction of semantic information from dictionary definitions may be considered an objective in itself , many researchers pursue a specific application , or at least have a range of applications in mind .
although the extraction of semantic information from dictionary definitions may be considered an objective in itself , many researchers pursue a specific application , or at least have a range of [suses] in mind .

— generally , dictionaries have more senses than necessary for broad applications but too few for specific applications ;
— generally , dictionaries have more senses than necessary for broad [suses] but too few for specific [suses] ;

In applications where the domain is restricted or known in advance , semantic knowledge structures can be used to constrain the range of words that are statistically likely to occur within that subject area .
in [suses] where the domain is restricted or known in advance , semantic knowledge structures can be used to constrain the range of words that are statistically likely to occur within that subject area .

Several applications have successfully used MRDs as their source of semantic information , e.g .
several [suses] have successfully used mrds as their source of semantic information , e.g .

For example , syntactic applications may require some discrimination between different grammatical categories , e.g .
for example , syntactic [suses] may require some discrimination between different grammatical categories , e.g .

At a time when graduates are finding that academic success is not an automatic open sesame to the job market — a recent advertisement for a relatively junior clerical/admin post at the University produced a crop of graduate applications , including at least one First Class Honours graduate — it is heartwarming to read of a Nottingham man whose business and his hobby stem directly from his campus experience .
at a time when graduates are finding that academic success is not an automatic open sesame to the job market — a recent advertisement for a relatively junior clerical/admin post at the university produced a crop of graduate [suses] , including at least one first class honours graduate — it is heartwarming to read of a nottingham man whose business and his hobby stem directly from his campus experience .

Applications for undergraduate study in the Department have been increasing over the past few years and are currently four times the number of places available .
[suses] for undergraduate study in the department have been increasing over the past few years and are currently four times the number of places available .

The Custody of Children Act 1891 gave judges discretionary powers to reject applications for writs of habeas corpus from parents of children removed due to ill-treatment .
the custody of children act 1891 gave judges discretionary powers to reject [suses] for writs of habeas corpus from parents of children removed due to ill-treatment .

Completed Applications should be posted to
completed [suses] should be posted to

When the capacity to purify and manufacture large amounts of this immunostimulatory substance was attained , research into the clinical applications of interleukin-2 began .
when the capacity to purify and manufacture large amounts of this immunostimulatory substance was attained , research into the clinical [suses] of interleukin-2 began .

What is different about a vocational course is that you are also expected to be creative and to produce new ideas , novel applications and improved methods of doing things .
what is different about a vocational course is that you are also expected to be creative and to produce new ideas , novel [suses] and improved methods of doing things .

As the end of your course approaches you will begin making job applications .
as the end of your course approaches you will begin making job [suses] .

Where possible we sanction Midland Car Loan applications right away .
where possible we sanction midland car loan [suses] right away .

The day to day routine of the Home Office in supervising prisons , the probation service and the police , including the handling of prisoners ' petitions and applications for the Royal Prerogative of Mercy , gives it a fund of practical experience of how the law is working and what changes ought to be thought about .
the day to day routine of the home office in supervising prisons , the probation service and the police , including the handling of prisoners ' petitions and [suses] for the royal prerogative of mercy , gives it a fund of practical experience of how the law is working and what changes ought to be thought about .

Co-incidental with the growth of judicial review by the domestic courts has been the growth in the volume of applications by private individuals seeking redress from the European Commission and Court of Human Rights at Strasbourg .
co-incidental with the growth of judicial review by the domestic courts has been the growth in the volume of [suses] by private individuals seeking redress from the european commission and court of human rights at strasbourg .

The administration was desperately overloaded with applications for import licences .
the administration was desperately overloaded with [suses] for import licences .

But what the example also indicates is that Goody 's claims for the consequences of Greek literacy , for all the qualifications that he and Watt make , do lay themselves open to more general and misleading applications .
but what the example also indicates is that goody 's claims for the consequences of greek literacy , for all the qualifications that he and watt make , do lay themselves open to more general and misleading [suses] .

Goody himself seems to suggest that ‘ restricted ’ literacy is indeed the norm in all societies except later classical Greece , thereby undermining somewhat the significance of these general applications of the term : ‘ Nowhere was the impact of literacy as radical as it has been in classical Greece .
goody himself seems to suggest that ‘ restricted ’ literacy is indeed the norm in all societies except later classical greece , thereby undermining somewhat the significance of these general [suses] of the term : ‘ nowhere was the impact of literacy as radical as it has been in classical greece .

Appointment of GALs in secure accommodation applications is not only a major challenge of the Act , but is a significant change from previous practice , as it provides an opportunity for an independent investigation .
appointment of gals in secure accommodation [suses] is not only a major challenge of the act , but is a significant change from previous practice , as it provides an opportunity for an independent investigation .

One or two applications of French polish would do the trick .
one or two [suses] of french polish would do the trick .

The Applications of the Oxford English Dictionary
the [suses] of the oxford english dictionary

Little is known in molecular biology and many unsuspected medical applications may emerge from this endeavour .
little is known in molecular biology and many unsuspected medical [suses] may emerge from this endeavour .

The technique of rotational coherence spectroscopy illustrates particularly well the advantages of working in the time , rather than the frequency , domain — even if some of its most useful applications move us away from the femtosecond world .
the technique of rotational coherence spectroscopy illustrates particularly well the advantages of working in the time , rather than the frequency , domain — even if some of its most useful [suses] move us away from the femtosecond world .

The meeting was privileged to be given an historical perspective , as well as a view of biological applications of the latest techniques , by George Porter .
the meeting was privileged to be given an historical perspective , as well as a view of biological [suses] of the latest techniques , by george porter .

Control of the inclusion through variation of the processing parameters will be a critical factor in developing technological applications .
control of the inclusion through variation of the processing parameters will be a critical factor in developing technological [suses] .

In their preface , ( who has previously written several excellent books ) and ( an astrophysicist who now directs the National Center for Supercomputing Applications in Illinois ) invoke the image of a global ‘ cyberspace ’ , a construct of pure information , parallel to , but distinct from , physical reality .
in their preface , ( who has previously written several excellent books ) and ( an astrophysicist who now directs the national center for supercomputing [suses] in illinois ) invoke the image of a global ‘ cyberspace ’ , a construct of pure information , parallel to , but distinct from , physical reality .

At least one member of the committee has no objection to the committee 's papers being publicly available and believes that most data in licence applications could , with little loss to anyone , be made publicly available .
at least one member of the committee has no objection to the committee 's papers being publicly available and believes that most data in licence [suses] could , with little loss to anyone , be made publicly available .

Primary Applications Software
primary [suses] software

Secondary Applications Software
secondary [suses] software

two Analyst/Programmers responsible to the Computer Group Manager for the support of the applications running on the system .
two analyst/programmers responsible to the computer group manager for the support of the [suses] running on the system .

3 . Exegetical Applications
3 . exegetical [suses]

Nowadays it is clear that this distinction is illusory ; scientific applications of computers often require character string manipulation and need many of the transput facilities of business data-processing , while business applications increasingly need sophisticated arithmetic calculation .
nowadays it is clear that this distinction is illusory ; scientific [suses] of computers often require character string manipulation and need many of the transput facilities of business data-processing , while business [suses] increasingly need sophisticated arithmetic calculation .

Thus many third and fourth generation computers provide a range of facilities ( such as several data-types ) in an attempt to cover the whole spectrum of applications in one design .
thus many third and fourth generation computers provide a range of facilities ( such as several data-types ) in an attempt to cover the whole spectrum of [suses] in one design .

It has been shown that a single instruction is sufficient ( in theory ) for a general-purpose computer ( Van der Poel 1956 ) ; however , instead of a theoretically sufficient instruction set , what we require is an instruction set which provides a practical set of operations in which applications can be programmed .
it has been shown that a single instruction is sufficient ( in theory ) for a general-purpose computer ( van der poel 1956 ) ; however , instead of a theoretically sufficient instruction set , what we require is an instruction set which provides a practical set of operations in which [suses] can be programmed .

However , in commercial applications the emphasis is different , as a glance at the Cobol language indicates .
however , in commercial [suses] the emphasis is different , as a glance at the cobol language indicates .

The general questions which all these researchers address are : how are text built up , and how does their structure determine what a reader is able to comprehend and recall ? Research work carried out in linguistics is generally more descriptive than practical in terms of classroom applications , but Chapman ( 1983 ) provides a useful account of the educational relevance of work in linguistics , giving special emphasis to the concept of cohesion in texts .
the general questions which all these researchers address are : how are text built up , and how does their structure determine what a reader is able to comprehend and recall ? research work carried out in linguistics is generally more descriptive than practical in terms of classroom [suses] , but chapman ( 1983 ) provides a useful account of the educational relevance of work in linguistics , giving special emphasis to the concept of cohesion in texts .

In this book we have insufficient space to be able to do justice to Boole 's ideas by indicating applications to logic , probability and computer design .
in this book we have insufficient space to be able to do justice to boole 's ideas by indicating [suses] to logic , probability and computer design .

He insisted that every entity asserted to exist in mathematics must be shown to exist by a finite set of instructions whose applications yield the entity .
he insisted that every entity asserted to exist in mathematics must be shown to exist by a finite set of instructions whose [suses] yield the entity .

Applications within pure mathematics other than those found in the text are far too numerous and diverse to mention here .
[suses] within pure mathematics other than those found in the text are far too numerous and diverse to mention here .

Regarding the more specialised applications which seem to use the algebra ( of the type presented here ) in an essential way , the theory of groups , being ( in a rather wide sense ) the mathematical formulation of symmetry , is naturally widely employed in physics and chemistry — for instance in applications to crystallography , spectroscopy , general relativity , molecular vibrations , molecular orbitals , solid state physics and especially in the modern theory of elementary particles .
regarding the more specialised [suses] which seem to use the algebra ( of the type presented here ) in an essential way , the theory of groups , being ( in a rather wide sense ) the mathematical formulation of symmetry , is naturally widely employed in physics and chemistry — for instance in [suses] to crystallography , spectroscopy , general relativity , molecular vibrations , molecular orbitals , solid state physics and especially in the modern theory of elementary particles .

Ring theory is not quite as old a subject as group theory and direct `` practical `` applications seem to be somewhat limited in number .
ring theory is not quite as old a subject as group theory and direct `` practical `` [suses] seem to be somewhat limited in number .

In other applications rings ( algebras ) also arise from groups .
in other [suses] rings ( algebras ) also arise from groups .

And nor should they be , for if my contention is correct , they are simply discovering new applications for that basic idea of popular power ; they are doing no more than engaging in the latest reinterpretation , or fresh application , of the classic democratic idea .
and nor should they be , for if my contention is correct , they are simply discovering new [suses] for that basic idea of popular power ; they are doing no more than engaging in the latest reinterpretation , or fresh application , of the classic democratic idea .

Applications to craft work and model making provide overlap with work on scale drawing .
[suses] to craft work and model making provide overlap with work on scale drawing .

Questions of the type illustrated above are applications of the simple transitive relations " longer than " and " shorter than " and they make relatively high linguistic and logical demands .
questions of the type illustrated above are [suses] of the simple transitive relations " longer than " and " shorter than " and they make relatively high linguistic and logical demands .

Dutch photography is as varied as any , but there is a significant part of it devoted to play , theatricality and — in the case of Paul de Nooijer — both of these and public applications too .
dutch photography is as varied as any , but there is a significant part of it devoted to play , theatricality and — in the case of paul de nooijer — both of these and public [suses] too .

The courts have protected the secrecy of cabinet discussions by granting injunctions and by refusing applications for discovery of documents .
the courts have protected the secrecy of cabinet discussions by granting injunctions and by refusing [suses] for discovery of documents .

Further applications can be made for extensions up to a maximum of 96 hours from the commencement of the detention .
further [suses] can be made for extensions up to a maximum of 96 hours from the commencement of the detention .

Applications must be made to a circuit judge , who can issue the warrant by virtue of section 9 and Schedule 1 if he is satisfied that it would have been appropriate to issue a warrant prior to the Act .
[suses] must be made to a circuit judge , who can issue the warrant by virtue of section 9 and schedule 1 if he is satisfied that it would have been appropriate to issue a warrant prior to the act .

The purpose of this chapter is to describe some of the available techniques and the ways of utilizing the preparations obtained by them in a variety of applications which range from the simple determination of chromosome counts to the in situ hybridization of gene probes to banded chromosomes .
the purpose of this chapter is to describe some of the available techniques and the ways of utilizing the preparations obtained by them in a variety of [suses] which range from the simple determination of chromosome counts to the in situ hybridization of gene probes to banded chromosomes .

Most of the experience described has been gained from the mouse but many of the techniques and applications are equally suitable for other mammals , including man .
most of the experience described has been gained from the mouse but many of the techniques and [suses] are equally suitable for other mammals , including man .

Before you start making applications , be very sure that it is advertising art direction which interests you .
before you start making [suses] , be very sure that it is advertising art direction which interests you .

Students should fill out applications forms , visit the work place for interview and experience the interview itself just as if there were a real job .
students should fill out [suses] forms , visit the work place for interview and experience the interview itself just as if there were a real job .

Review criteria for consideration of applications for nurse training .
review criteria for consideration of [suses] for nurse training .

Advertisements inviting applications from individuals wishing to job-share or from a pair prepared to share with each other should be prepared for local distribution .
advertisements inviting [suses] from individuals wishing to job-share or from a pair prepared to share with each other should be prepared for local distribution .

It kept her from worry and it kept her from settling down to write those applications which would lead to progress in her career of serious music .
it kept her from worry and it kept her from settling down to write those [suses] which would lead to progress in her career of serious music .

Alice had already told herself that it would be stupid to think about those applications yet .
alice had already told herself that it would be stupid to think about those [suses] yet .

Small repeated applications work best .
small repeated [suses] work best .

In 1980 the Local Government , Planning and Land Act specified that all planning applications would be received by district councils .
in 1980 the local government , planning and land act specified that all planning [suses] would be received by district councils .

During the preparations for the reorganisation in 1974 no fewer than 127 applications were made to government departments for decisions in disputes over agency ( Richards 1975b:84 ) .
during the preparations for the reorganisation in 1974 no fewer than 127 [suses] were made to government departments for decisions in disputes over agency ( richards 1975b:84 ) .

With companies demanding flatter structures with fewer middle management ‘ facilitators ’ and more teamwork , the Grid 's applications today could be endless .
with companies demanding flatter structures with fewer middle management ‘ facilitators ’ and more teamwork , the grid 's [suses] today could be endless .

Initially much of the Unix-based software was for technical applications but more and more commercial packages are emerging .
initially much of the unix-based software was for technical [suses] but more and more commercial packages are emerging .

The Council advises the Hong Kong Government , through the University and Polytechnic Grants Committee , on the research needs of the higher education institutions in Hong Kong and invites and receives applications for research grants from academic staff .
the council advises the hong kong government , through the university and polytechnic grants committee , on the research needs of the higher education institutions in hong kong and invites and receives [suses] for research grants from academic staff .

Applications invited from good orchestral players .
[suses] invited from good orchestral players .

dir : You ca n't blame me for your failure to secure funding . Anyway is n't the Medical Research Council canvassing medical sociologists for grant applications ?
dir : you ca n't blame me for your failure to secure funding . anyway is n't the medical research council canvassing medical sociologists for grant [suses] ?

There is considerable difficulty in getting shortlisted when job sharing , and consequently we have found that job applications need meticulous planning .
there is considerable difficulty in getting shortlisted when job sharing , and consequently we have found that job [suses] need meticulous planning .

Of the many drawbacks the most ludicrous is that applications can be made only once a year at a certain time .
of the many drawbacks the most ludicrous is that [suses] can be made only once a year at a certain time .

The processing of applications takes four to six months , or more , so that missing the deadline or failing to be appointed means wasting an entire year .
the processing of [suses] takes four to six months , or more , so that missing the deadline or failing to be appointed means wasting an entire year .

Some ideal applications include loud-speakers supports , telephone stands , and alcove and ornamental shelves .
some ideal [suses] include loud-speakers supports , telephone stands , and alcove and ornamental shelves .

The trigger effect of a few schools opting out could lead to an avalanche of applications .
the trigger effect of a few schools opting out could lead to an avalanche of [suses] .

Poole were hoping to sign Rene Aas , the Latvian who finished runner up to Chris Louis in the 1990 World Under-21 final and Edinburgh were keen to sign Finn Vesa Ylinen , but both applications have been also refused .
poole were hoping to sign rene aas , the latvian who finished runner up to chris louis in the 1990 world under-21 final and edinburgh were keen to sign finn vesa ylinen , but both [suses] have been also refused .

Wayne Thomas , 19 , appeared before magistrates on four occasions — but each time they agreed to defence applications to allow him bail .
wayne thomas , 19 , appeared before magistrates on four occasions — but each time they agreed to defence [suses] to allow him bail .

Applications to explore an area should be made to the Crown Mineral Agent accompanied by a map , a proposed work programme and details of the applicant 's financial resources and technical ability .
[suses] to explore an area should be made to the crown mineral agent accompanied by a map , a proposed work programme and details of the applicant 's financial resources and technical ability .

Prospective developers should make their planning applications on forms provided by the planning authority .
prospective developers should make their planning [suses] on forms provided by the planning authority .

The Minerals Officer will be able to advise developers on their applications and on what supporting information will be required to help the planning committee reach a decision .
the minerals officer will be able to advise developers on their [suses] and on what supporting information will be required to help the planning committee reach a decision .

In considering applications for planning permission , planning authorities will take into account the provisions of the development plan .
in considering [suses] for planning permission , planning authorities will take into account the provisions of the development plan .

They also contain criteria against which mineral development applications will be assessed and describe policies for the restoration and after-use of mineral sites .
they also contain criteria against which mineral development [suses] will be assessed and describe policies for the restoration and after-use of mineral sites .

The Secretary of State also has the right to ‘ call in ’ planning applications .
the secretary of state also has the right to ‘ call in ’ planning [suses] .

For some of the later applications of paint , white was used in the mixtures , making them more opaque and contrasting with the areas of maximum transparency through which the white of the paper shines out .
for some of the later [suses] of paint , white was used in the mixtures , making them more opaque and contrasting with the areas of maximum transparency through which the white of the paper shines out .

it may be advisable to fix such applications before continuing drawing in subsequent layers to prevent disturbance .
it may be advisable to fix such [suses] before continuing drawing in subsequent layers to prevent disturbance .

The photo shows supervisor Jim Cassie about to shoot anyone who did n't get a strike . ( Jim is now looking for a completely new team , applications to London West )
the photo shows supervisor jim cassie about to shoot anyone who did n't get a strike . ( jim is now looking for a completely new team , [suses] to london west )

The business letters cover general business and commercial uses : letters of reference , resignation , complaint , job applications and curriculum vitae .
the business letters cover general business and commercial uses : letters of reference , resignation , complaint , job [suses] and curriculum vitae .

The first half focuses on the language of business ( job applications , job interviews , etc . )
the first half focuses on the language of business ( job [suses] , job interviews , etc . )

Instruction in the language of international business practice , based on typical tasks : letter writing , job applications , handling complaints , making and replying to orders and enquiries , import/export , banking and insurance .
instruction in the language of international business practice , based on typical tasks : letter writing , job [suses] , handling complaints , making and replying to orders and enquiries , import/export , banking and insurance .

Applications totalled 96 — 35 more than last year and 22 up on the previous highest total two years ago .
[suses] totalled 96 — 35 more than last year and 22 up on the previous highest total two years ago .

Robin studied what they did and replied to an article in the race programme which invited applications for marshals .
robin studied what they did and replied to an article in the race programme which invited [suses] for marshals .

5.2 It is anticipated that the annual cycle for processing applications for validation of new-style courses will be :
5.2 it is anticipated that the annual cycle for processing [suses] for validation of new-style courses will be :

engineering applications
engineering [suses]

They will want to use their qualifications to shape their future , relying on the currency of these awards to help them gain access to more education/training , to support job applications or to underpin planned personal development .
they will want to use their qualifications to shape their future , relying on the currency of these awards to help them gain access to more education/training , to support job [suses] or to underpin planned personal development .

The wide applications of Mouse Alert have already been seen by a variety of customers , whose needs range from protecting high technology equipment , ensuring that perishable foods leave premises uncontaminated , and knowing that pharmaceutical products remain sterile .
the wide [suses] of mouse alert have already been seen by a variety of customers , whose needs range from protecting high technology equipment , ensuring that perishable foods leave premises uncontaminated , and knowing that pharmaceutical products remain sterile .

Since the launch of Rentokil 's patented , portable fumigation ‘ bubble ’ , the number and type of applications continue to grow .
since the launch of rentokil 's patented , portable fumigation ‘ bubble ’ , the number and type of [suses] continue to grow .

Other recent applications have included the entire works held in a prestigious library which were infested with booklice .
other recent [suses] have included the entire works held in a prestigious library which were infested with booklice .

immediate acknowledgement of applications for face to face tuition .
immediate acknowledgement of [suses] for face to face tuition .

without prejudice correspondence was admissible for the determination of applications to strike out for want of prosecution .
without prejudice correspondence was admissible for the determination of [suses] to strike out for want of prosecution .

As from 1st April , 1987 , all Legal Aid Applications are made to the Scottish Legal Aid Board .
as from 1st april , 1987 , all legal aid [suses] are made to the scottish legal aid board .

It must be recommended , however , that files are passed to your solicitors at the stage where Intimation Copy Legal Aid Applications are received .
it must be recommended , however , that files are passed to your solicitors at the stage where intimation copy legal aid [suses] are received .

It is to be noted that need is not referred to albeit that , in practice , many applications for interim payment are made with the specific intent of securing a sum designed to meet a specific need or requirement of the pursuer .
it is to be noted that need is not referred to albeit that , in practice , many [suses] for interim payment are made with the specific intent of securing a sum designed to meet a specific need or requirement of the pursuer .

a decision on applications for listed building consent within 28 working days of receipt by Historic Scotland or clear explanation by the planning authority of any need for extension
a decision on [suses] for listed building consent within 28 working days of receipt by historic scotland or clear explanation by the planning authority of any need for extension

careful and fair consideration of all grant and consent applications , with the reason for a refusal clearly stated
careful and fair consideration of all grant and consent [suses] , with the reason for a refusal clearly stated

Council agreed that , after an interval of six years , it would again be prepared to consider applications for recognition from schools of architecture in South Africa .
council agreed that , after an interval of six years , it would again be prepared to consider [suses] for recognition from schools of architecture in south africa .

The year saw a continuation in the upward trend in both the number , and the total value of , applications received by the Fund which rose to 2,207 at a potential cost of £58.5m ( 1991 : 1,337 , £33.3m ) .
the year saw a continuation in the upward trend in both the number , and the total value of , [suses] received by the fund which rose to 2,207 at a potential cost of £58.5m ( 1991 : 1,337 , £33.3m ) .

Applications for full and off Licences
[suses] for full and off licences

The Government also envisages that the same grounds and procedures would apply to off-licence applications .
the government also envisages that the same grounds and procedures would apply to off-licence [suses] .

The University continues to attract a large and increasing number of applications for undergraduate courses , thus ensuring the high calibre of entrants as the number of places increases .
the university continues to attract a large and increasing number of [suses] for undergraduate courses , thus ensuring the high calibre of entrants as the number of places increases .

In the Department of Applied Social Science applications for admission to undergraduate degree programmes were buoyant : changes in the curriculum were introduced , combining the previously separate Honours steams in Sociology and Social Policy into a single programme .
in the department of applied social science [suses] for admission to undergraduate degree programmes were buoyant : changes in the curriculum were introduced , combining the previously separate honours steams in sociology and social policy into a single programme .

Undergraduate applications for places increased in almost all areas with demand being particularly high for Film and Media .
undergraduate [suses] for places increased in almost all areas with demand being particularly high for film and media .

At the end of the year , applications indicated that targets would be exceeded again in 1992/93 .
at the end of the year , [suses] indicated that targets would be exceeded again in 1992/93 .

Analysing how the firm works and breaking that down into work which demands your professional training and expertise and work which does not is more important , since it allows the firm to work out the computer applications it needs .
analysing how the firm works and breaking that down into work which demands your professional training and expertise and work which does not is more important , since it allows the firm to work out the computer [suses] it needs .

The Occupational Pensions Board gave examples of circumstances in which applications for orders for pension fund surpluses to be reduced or eliminated had been turned down , as part of new guidance on how to make applications .
the occupational pensions board gave examples of circumstances in which [suses] for orders for pension fund surpluses to be reduced or eliminated had been turned down , as part of new guidance on how to make [suses] .

Applications are encouraged from teachers or schools — primary , secondary , special — but others amy apply .
[suses] are encouraged from teachers or schools — primary , secondary , special — but others amy apply .

Planning applications for football stadium developments .
planning [suses] for football stadium developments .

The minor planning applications do not fall into the Associations remit although Ruth Wilson keeps an eye on all that is going on .
the minor planning [suses] do not fall into the associations remit although ruth wilson keeps an eye on all that is going on .

Planning Applications Certain alterations were being made at No .
planning [suses] certain alterations were being made at no .

Applications for Lets
[suses] for lets

Councillor Mrs Brereton stated that planting of trees and bulbs and tidying up of paths had been carried out in Bloomiehall Park b ) the Railway Inn would be closing on the expiry of its lease and c ) further planning applications had been made by Lorimer House .
councillor mrs brereton stated that planting of trees and bulbs and tidying up of paths had been carried out in bloomiehall park b ) the railway inn would be closing on the expiry of its lease and c ) further planning [suses] had been made by lorimer house .

Mrs Ruth Wilson will now receive the planning applications .
mrs ruth wilson will now receive the planning [suses] .

Two applications for a ) nursing home and b ) a home for disabled people have since been received .
two [suses] for a ) nursing home and b ) a home for disabled people have since been received .

and have no objections to the applications .
and have no objections to the [suses] .

Thank you for your fax to the Chief Executive inviting representation at a public meeting on 30 June 1993 to discuss planning applications for a recreation park and supermarket in Penicuik .
thank you for your fax to the chief executive inviting representation at a public meeting on 30 june 1993 to discuss planning [suses] for a recreation park and supermarket in penicuik .

The Planning and Development Committee at its meeting on 11 February 1993 decided to visit the sites of planning applications for residential developments in Fauldhouse .
the planning and development committee at its meeting on 11 february 1993 decided to visit the sites of planning [suses] for residential developments in fauldhouse .

Your agency has made application for an Urban Programme grant in the round of grant submissions for 1993/94 , and this letter is to keep you informed of progress in the assessment process for such applications .
your agency has made application for an urban programme grant in the round of grant submissions for 1993/94 , and this letter is to keep you informed of progress in the assessment process for such [suses] .

It is usual for applications to be considered in total rather than by elements within them , so the full application will be approved or refused through the national competition .
it is usual for [suses] to be considered in total rather than by elements within them , so the full application will be approved or refused through the national competition .

As indicated previously , the Scottish Office has introduced new policy guidelines for the Programme with defined objectives which applications are obliged to address .
as indicated previously , the scottish office has introduced new policy guidelines for the programme with defined objectives which [suses] are obliged to address .

a report dated 25 October 1991 by the Director of Planning on the applications for mixed use development at Millerhill , together with the minutes of the Planning and Development Committee on 8 November 1991 and Lothian Regional Council on 12 November 1991 ;
a report dated 25 october 1991 by the director of planning on the [suses] for mixed use development at millerhill , together with the minutes of the planning and development committee on 8 november 1991 and lothian regional council on 12 november 1991 ;

Another significant area of outstanding work is late benefit applications which total over 30,000 at the present time although some of these are speculative and some also apply to Community Charge as well as Council Tax .
another significant area of outstanding work is late benefit [suses] which total over 30,000 at the present time although some of these are speculative and some also apply to community charge as well as council tax .

to ‘ ring-fence ’ appointments to the above posts by restricting applications to existing permanent staff currently working on Community Charge within the Exchequer Division , Finance Department and the Regional Assessor 's Department ; and
to ‘ ring-fence ’ appointments to the above posts by restricting [suses] to existing permanent staff currently working on community charge within the exchequer division , finance department and the regional assessor 's department ; and

Applications must be made on the standard form which is available from departments , Faculty Postgraduate Offices , the International Office , or from the Secretary to the University .
[suses] must be made on the standard form which is available from departments , faculty postgraduate offices , the international office , or from the secretary to the university .

Applications for admission should be submitted as early as possible in the session prior to that in which admission is sought and should not be delayed because the applicant is awaiting examination results or the outcome of applications for scholarships or for admission to other institutions .
[suses] for admission should be submitted as early as possible in the session prior to that in which admission is sought and should not be delayed because the applicant is awaiting examination results or the outcome of [suses] for scholarships or for admission to other institutions .

The application should be submitted through the department in which the candidate wishes to study ( except for the Faculty of Arts , Faculty of Law and Faculty of Veterinary Medicine where applications should be sent to the Faculty Postgraduate Office ) .
the application should be submitted through the department in which the candidate wishes to study ( except for the faculty of arts , faculty of law and faculty of veterinary medicine where [suses] should be sent to the faculty postgraduate office ) .

The Allocations Office of Residential and Conference Services provides information and advice to Edinburgh University students on matters concerned with accommodation and deals with applications for all types of accommodation .
the allocations office of residential and conference services provides information and advice to edinburgh university students on matters concerned with accommodation and deals with [suses] for all types of accommodation .

The majority of rooms are shared by two students , and applications from new postgraduates unwilling to share are less likely to be successful .
the majority of rooms are shared by two students , and [suses] from new postgraduates unwilling to share are less likely to be successful .

Applications should be made before June for the new session commencing in October .
[suses] should be made before june for the new session commencing in october .

We welcome applications for supervised postgraduate research in most areas of Italian Studies , and particularly in Medieval and Nineteenth/Twentieth-Century Literature , and Twentieth-Century Women 's History .
we welcome [suses] for supervised postgraduate research in most areas of italian studies , and particularly in medieval and nineteenth/twentieth-century literature , and twentieth-century women 's history .

Among the major research interests represented within the department are generative syntax and formal semantics ( in particular developments stemming from Government and Binding theory and Montague Grammar ) ; experimental phonetics and phonology ( with special emphasis on prosody and the phonology/phonetics interface ) ; psycholinguistics and natural language processing ( in particular problems of word recognition and the structure of dialogues ) ; evolutionary origins of language ; the relation between spoken and written language ; and speech technology ( especially linguistic aspects of text-to-speech conversion and automatic speech recognition for specialised applications ) .
among the major research interests represented within the department are generative syntax and formal semantics ( in particular developments stemming from government and binding theory and montague grammar ) ; experimental phonetics and phonology ( with special emphasis on prosody and the phonology/phonetics interface ) ; psycholinguistics and natural language processing ( in particular problems of word recognition and the structure of dialogues ) ; evolutionary origins of language ; the relation between spoken and written language ; and speech technology ( especially linguistic aspects of text-to-speech conversion and automatic speech recognition for specialised [suses] ) .

Each of these disciplines is currently represented in our postgraduate body and applications are invited from graduates of these disciplines as well as of Chemical Engineering .
each of these disciplines is currently represented in our postgraduate body and [suses] are invited from graduates of these disciplines as well as of chemical engineering .

Research in computational theory and its applications is carried out within the Laboratory for the Foundations of Computer Science .
research in computational theory and its [suses] is carried out within the laboratory for the foundations of computer science .

The department offers research supervision for MPhil and PhD degrees in the following areas : Analysis ( operator theory , spectral theory , potential theory , partial differential equations ) ; Algebra ( groups , rings , commutative algebra ) ; Topology and Geometry ( algebraic topology , differential geometry ) Probability Theory ( stochastic differential equations , Markovn processes , applications to geometry ) ; Coding Theory ( switching , computational number theory ) ; Applied Differential Equations and Dynamical Systems ; Modelling ; Fluid Mechanics ( water waves , hydrodynamics of off-shore structures ) ; Nonlinear Waves ( elasticity and optics ) ; Mathematical Physics ( twistor theory quantum field theory and integrable systems ) ; Stellar Dynamics ; Parallel Optimisation ; Mathematical Education ; Image Analysis ( including automated recognition of human chromosomes and abnormal cervical smears ) ; Statistical Evaluation of Evidence ; Statistical Expert Systems ; Analysis of Directional Data ; and statistical applications in agriculture , medicine , epidemiology , forensic science .
the department offers research supervision for mphil and phd degrees in the following areas : analysis ( operator theory , spectral theory , potential theory , partial differential equations ) ; algebra ( groups , rings , commutative algebra ) ; topology and geometry ( algebraic topology , differential geometry ) probability theory ( stochastic differential equations , markovn processes , [suses] to geometry ) ; coding theory ( switching , computational number theory ) ; applied differential equations and dynamical systems ; modelling ; fluid mechanics ( water waves , hydrodynamics of off-shore structures ) ; nonlinear waves ( elasticity and optics ) ; mathematical physics ( twistor theory quantum field theory and integrable systems ) ; stellar dynamics ; parallel optimisation ; mathematical education ; image analysis ( including automated recognition of human chromosomes and abnormal cervical smears ) ; statistical evaluation of evidence ; statistical expert systems ; analysis of directional data ; and statistical [suses] in agriculture , medicine , epidemiology , forensic science .

Doctoral and masters applications are invited in any area which matches the above staff interests .
doctoral and masters [suses] are invited in any area which matches the above staff interests .

There is particular expertise in computing applications , especially those using large data sets .
there is particular expertise in computing [suses] , especially those using large data sets .

Applications are particularly welcome from students wishing to research the following areas : the sociology of science and technology , the sociology of culture and knowledge , urban and rural sociology , social theory , gender and family , work and stratification , Scottish society and politics , race relations and south Asian studies .
[suses] are particularly welcome from students wishing to research the following areas : the sociology of science and technology , the sociology of culture and knowledge , urban and rural sociology , social theory , gender and family , work and stratification , scottish society and politics , race relations and south asian studies .

The department welcomes applications from graduates , particularly those with a veterinary degree , to undertake postgraduate studies in the veterinary clinical sciences , or basic sciences that relate to clinical disciplines .
the department welcomes [suses] from graduates , particularly those with a veterinary degree , to undertake postgraduate studies in the veterinary clinical sciences , or basic sciences that relate to clinical disciplines .

Two further modules may be selected from Impact Analysis , Innovation & Extension , Computer Applications , Management of Sustainable Development .
two further modules may be selected from impact analysis , innovation & extension , computer [suses] , management of sustainable development .

Provides expertise in crop technology through science applications and production technology .
provides expertise in crop technology through science [suses] and production technology .

Applications of environmental economics will be covered .
[suses] of environmental economics will be covered .

There are two introductory courses ( Review of topics in solid state physics ; defects in Solids ) ; folowed by core courses covering fundamental aspects of thin film electronic materials ( eg Preparation and processing ; Structure ; Electronic properties ; Optical properties ; Magnetism ; Thermal and vibrational properties ; Microcrystalline and polycrystalline silicon ) and also technological applications ( eg Thin film transistors ; Junction devices ; Large area imaging applications ; Microelectronic packaging ) .
there are two introductory courses ( review of topics in solid state physics ; defects in solids ) ; folowed by core courses covering fundamental aspects of thin film electronic materials ( eg preparation and processing ; structure ; electronic properties ; optical properties ; magnetism ; thermal and vibrational properties ; microcrystalline and polycrystalline silicon ) and also technological [suses] ( eg thin film transistors ; junction devices ; large area imaging [suses] ; microelectronic packaging ) .

Lectures and practical work covering three main strands : Speech ( acoustic and articulatory phonetics , phonology , signal processing ) , Language ( morphology , syntax , semantics , with an emphasis on computational applications ) ; and Infrastructure ( computing , logic , automata theory , experimental design and statistics ) .
lectures and practical work covering three main strands : speech ( acoustic and articulatory phonetics , phonology , signal processing ) , language ( morphology , syntax , semantics , with an emphasis on computational [suses] ) ; and infrastructure ( computing , logic , automata theory , experimental design and statistics ) .

They were , in the eyes of many people , ‘ primarily teaching institutions ’ , second-chance institutions , concerned more than the universities with the applications of knowledge .
they were , in the eyes of many people , ‘ primarily teaching institutions ’ , second-chance institutions , concerned more than the universities with the [suses] of knowledge .

The purpose of the dance panel was to assess applications for degrees in dance , and as Brinson emphasizes , 1975–76 was still a period when it was possible to envisage the development of subjects and the availability of resources .
the purpose of the dance panel was to assess [suses] for degrees in dance , and as brinson emphasizes , 1975–76 was still a period when it was possible to envisage the development of subjects and the availability of resources .

It is hoped that more and more of the applications for renewal of approval will be such that they can be granted without any extensive dialogue on them being necessary , and indeed that many of them can be granted without any visit being made to the College by representatives of the Council or vice versa and without any special conditions being attached to the approval .
it is hoped that more and more of the [suses] for renewal of approval will be such that they can be granted without any extensive dialogue on them being necessary , and indeed that many of them can be granted without any visit being made to the college by representatives of the council or vice versa and without any special conditions being attached to the approval .

Commenting on a study which they made in 1965 of applications for treatment at the New York Psychoanalytic Institute , they find the following typical pattern :
commenting on a study which they made in 1965 of [suses] for treatment at the new york psychoanalytic institute , they find the following typical pattern :

Because we encourage applications from all sources , we are well used to enquiries from those who may have no previous knowledge of universities .
because we encourage [suses] from all sources , we are well used to enquiries from those who may have no previous knowledge of universities .

The Allocations Office of Residential and Conference Services provides information and advice to Edinburgh University students on matters concerned with accommodation and deals with applications for all types of accommodation .
the allocations office of residential and conference services provides information and advice to edinburgh university students on matters concerned with accommodation and deals with [suses] for all types of accommodation .

The University generally welcomes applications from fifth year students and will make offers on the basis of Highers to be taken in fifth year .
the university generally welcomes [suses] from fifth year students and will make offers on the basis of highers to be taken in fifth year .

The University welcomes applications from mature students , those who would be 21 or over by 1 October of the year in which they begin their degree courses .
the university welcomes [suses] from mature students , those who would be 21 or over by 1 october of the year in which they begin their degree courses .

Mathematics is becoming increasingly important in its applications and uses in the modern world .
mathematics is becoming increasingly important in its [suses] and uses in the modern world .

The faculty welcomes applications from mature students .
the faculty welcomes [suses] from mature students .

There are applications of genetics from the molecular to the quantitative level in medicine and agriculture .
there are [suses] of genetics from the molecular to the quantitative level in medicine and agriculture .

Applications of psychology are also taught .
[suses] of psychology are also taught .

The practical work during the course also satisfies the Engineering Applications requirements of the Engineering Council .
the practical work during the course also satisfies the engineering [suses] requirements of the engineering council .

Our graduates have found employment in management , economic planning , systems analysis and in many areas involving computer applications in the Engineering industries .
our graduates have found employment in management , economic planning , systems analysis and in many areas involving computer [suses] in the engineering industries .

An ‘ Engineering Applications ’ laboratory is available , which ensures that the practical component of the course is prominent in the first and second years .
an ‘ engineering [suses] ’ laboratory is available , which ensures that the practical component of the course is prominent in the first and second years .

In the third year , five structured design projects , stretching over the entire academic year , continue the strong applications component of the course , and introduce an ‘ industrial ’ influence .
in the third year , five structured design projects , stretching over the entire academic year , continue the strong [suses] component of the course , and introduce an ‘ industrial ’ influence .

For example , the degree in Microelectronics requires emphasis on integrated circuit design , integrated circuit fabrication and systems applications .
for example , the degree in microelectronics requires emphasis on integrated circuit design , integrated circuit fabrication and systems [suses] .

Employment prospects for electrical engineers are excellent due to the ever-extending applications of electronics , and Edinburgh 's graduates continue to be in great demand .
employment prospects for electrical engineers are excellent due to the ever-extending [suses] of electronics , and edinburgh 's graduates continue to be in great demand .

In the Mechanical Engineering degree , the basic subjects of dynamics , fluid mechanics , thermodynamics , materials science and solid mechanics are complemented by subjects such as control , design , and production engineering which relate strongly to engineering applications .
in the mechanical engineering degree , the basic subjects of dynamics , fluid mechanics , thermodynamics , materials science and solid mechanics are complemented by subjects such as control , design , and production engineering which relate strongly to engineering [suses] .

Electronics and electrical machines are included as important fields of study and the ever-increasing importance of computing is recognised by the provision of courses on computer applications in engineering and the integration of computing into design and laboratory projects .
electronics and electrical machines are included as important fields of study and the ever-increasing importance of computing is recognised by the provision of courses on computer [suses] in engineering and the integration of computing into design and laboratory projects .

At the same time , the needs of the physical , biological and social sciences have provoked rapid advances in the applications of mathematics in such fields as fluid mechanics , dynamical systems , numerical analysis , coding theory , operational research and optimisation .
at the same time , the needs of the physical , biological and social sciences have provoked rapid advances in the [suses] of mathematics in such fields as fluid mechanics , dynamical systems , numerical analysis , coding theory , operational research and optimisation .

The many new applications of mathematics in technology , management and environmental science have increased the demand for mathematics graduates in a wide range of occupations .
the many new [suses] of mathematics in technology , management and environmental science have increased the demand for mathematics graduates in a wide range of occupations .

This fits the student for a professional career in a wider range of applications .
this fits the student for a professional career in a wider range of [suses] .

Job opportunities are available in the Meteorological Office in the practice of weather forecasting and its applications , and in experimental and theoretical research , and with some independent companies which provide specialised meteorological services of various kinds .
job opportunities are available in the meteorological office in the practice of weather forecasting and its [suses] , and in experimental and theoretical research , and with some independent companies which provide specialised meteorological services of various kinds .

The three courses have a common core in which students study the principles , methods and applications of both classical and modern physics .
the three courses have a common core in which students study the principles , methods and [suses] of both classical and modern physics .

The topics in this common core include dynamics , optics , electromagnetism , wave motion , relativity , quantum mechanics and their applications in the study of solids and fluids , atoms , nuclei and elementary particles .
the topics in this common core include dynamics , optics , electromagnetism , wave motion , relativity , quantum mechanics and their [suses] in the study of solids and fluids , atoms , nuclei and elementary particles .

The faculty receives a very large number of applications for the limited number of places available .
the faculty receives a very large number of [suses] for the limited number of places available .

The third and fourth year courses are a mixture of thematic units , units on various aspects of theory , method and practice ( including , for example , graphical and computer applications , and underwater archaeology ) , and a rich variety of specialised courses on particular periods or regions .
the third and fourth year courses are a mixture of thematic units , units on various aspects of theory , method and practice ( including , for example , graphical and computer [suses] , and underwater archaeology ) , and a rich variety of specialised courses on particular periods or regions .

Shortly before the publication of this report saw the successful appeal against the Legal Aid Board 's refusal to allow potential Halcion claims to be investigated where applications for legal aid were made after the deadline of Oct 20 , 1991 .
shortly before the publication of this report saw the successful appeal against the legal aid board 's refusal to allow potential halcion claims to be investigated where [suses] for legal aid were made after the deadline of oct 20 , 1991 .

Studies to measure human gastric crypt or gland cell proliferation may have a number of practical clinical applications in relation to both benign and malignant gastric conditions .
studies to measure human gastric crypt or gland cell proliferation may have a number of practical clinical [suses] in relation to both benign and malignant gastric conditions .

The study of gastric mucosal proliferation may have important clinical applications .
the study of gastric mucosal proliferation may have important clinical [suses] .

Many articles have appeared which describe potentially useful clinical applications of gastric emptying tests but to discover the clinical value of these tests a comprehensive audit of the service is required .
many articles have appeared which describe potentially useful clinical [suses] of gastric emptying tests but to discover the clinical value of these tests a comprehensive audit of the service is required .

At the same time as maintaining high academic standards , the College firmly grounds its courses in practical applications . Employers will gain from students ' increased effectiveness in making decisions , their ability to analyse situations and plan strategically
at the same time as maintaining high academic standards , the college firmly grounds its courses in practical [suses] . employers will gain from students ' increased effectiveness in making decisions , their ability to analyse situations and plan strategically

The local applications were random-donor concentrates which contained about 10 platelets in 50 mL plasma .
the local [suses] were random-donor concentrates which contained about 10 platelets in 50 ml plasma .

( This recognises that overall software management legitimately varies between applications and from one organisation to another . )
( this recognises that overall software management legitimately varies between [suses] and from one organisation to another . )

Shrewdly invested , that sum had turned into nearly £50 million by the time that planning applications , investigations of builders and a two-year public inquiry had been negotiated .
shrewdly invested , that sum had turned into nearly £50 million by the time that planning [suses] , investigations of builders and a two-year public inquiry had been negotiated .

It is supported by two Subordinate Committees , one examining the export applications and the other the technology applications .
it is supported by two subordinate committees , one examining the export [suses] and the other the technology [suses] .

Fractional distillation has a number of important applications , for example the manufacture of oxygen , nitrogen and the noble gases from liquid air , the refining of petroleum , the production of whisky and other alcoholic drinks ( see introductory reading at start of this chapter and also below ) .
fractional distillation has a number of important [suses] , for example the manufacture of oxygen , nitrogen and the noble gases from liquid air , the refining of petroleum , the production of whisky and other alcoholic drinks ( see introductory reading at start of this chapter and also below ) .

The distribution law has a number of important applications .
the distribution law has a number of important [suses] .

Applications of the Distribution Law
[suses] of the distribution law

The research findings will totally update the previous Corpus of Knowledge research which has had so many applications both for the industry nad educators since it was first produced in the late 1970s .
the research findings will totally update the previous corpus of knowledge research which has had so many [suses] both for the industry nad educators since it was first produced in the late 1970s .

external reporting to shareholders , government , and other outside parties , for use in shareholder investment decisions , tax calculations and a variety of other applications .
external reporting to shareholders , government , and other outside parties , for use in shareholder investment decisions , tax calculations and a variety of other [suses] .

Sources and applications of funds could be represented by decreases and increases in reservoir volume , respectively .
sources and [suses] of funds could be represented by decreases and increases in reservoir volume , respectively .

The main sources and applications of funds can be identified and any changes over time recorded .
the main sources and [suses] of funds can be identified and any changes over time recorded .

Other important applications in agriculture are , for example , the bio-degradation of animal and plant wastes .
other important [suses] in agriculture are , for example , the bio-degradation of animal and plant wastes .

What are the main applications in plant production ?
what are the main [suses] in plant production ?

Software included starts with Microsoft Windows 3.0 — the revolutionary new graphical environment which supports a wide range of high-capability applications packages .
software included starts with microsoft windows 3.0 — the revolutionary new graphical environment which supports a wide range of high-capability [suses] packages .

And because applications differ , we design it in two configurations .
and because [suses] differ , we design it in two configurations .

And it offers it all in a low-profile systems cabinet which is 30% smaller than comparable machines — yet designed by CompuAdd 212 provides the power and expandability to handle everything from word-processing and spreadsheets to network applications and presentation graphics .
and it offers it all in a low-profile systems cabinet which is 30% smaller than comparable machines — yet designed by compuadd 212 provides the power and expandability to handle everything from word-processing and spreadsheets to network [suses] and presentation graphics .

Everything , but everything , you need : hardware , operating and applications software , dot matrix printer , even paper , cable and floppies .
everything , but everything , you need : hardware , operating and [suses] software , dot matrix printer , even paper , cable and floppies .

Prior to the coup attempt the applications approved by the Philippine Board of Investments for 1989 had increased by 128 per cent to be worth a total of $ 781,600,000 .
prior to the coup attempt the [suses] approved by the philippine board of investments for 1989 had increased by 128 per cent to be worth a total of $ 781,600,000 .

Plywood ¾″ thick ( 19mm ) is the preferred material for the roof deck and is mandatory in some applications .
plywood ¾″ thick ( 19mm ) is the preferred material for the roof deck and is mandatory in some [suses] .

On a visit to Hungary in November 1989 a delegation led by the Assembly 's president , Anders Bjorck , indicated that it would support applications from East European countries provided that they ( i ) adopted a democratic constitution ; ( ii ) held free , multiparty elections ; and ( iii ) reformed the penal code to conform with various European conventions .
on a visit to hungary in november 1989 a delegation led by the assembly 's president , anders bjorck , indicated that it would support [suses] from east european countries provided that they ( i ) adopted a democratic constitution ; ( ii ) held free , multiparty elections ; and ( iii ) reformed the penal code to conform with various european conventions .

Although some 4,200 residency permits were accordingly made available , it was reported that 30,000-40,000 such immigrants gathered at a greyhound stadium on March 29 where the applications were to be processed .
although some 4,200 residency permits were accordingly made available , it was reported that 30,000-40,000 such immigrants gathered at a greyhound stadium on march 29 where the [suses] were to be processed .

The government said on Jan. 18 , 1990 , that 24,425 people , 38 per cent of them Turkish , had sought asylum in Switzerland in 1989 ( but that only 821 applications were approved ) .
the government said on jan. 18 , 1990 , that 24,425 people , 38 per cent of them turkish , had sought asylum in switzerland in 1989 ( but that only 821 [suses] were approved ) .

By June 1990 a total of 95,000 Germans had their applications for citizenship approved by the West German embassy in Bucharest , while the mayor of Sibiu , Mircea Tomas , was reported by Tanjug as saying during a visit to Belgrade that the German community in Romania had fallen to only 80,000 .
by june 1990 a total of 95,000 germans had their [suses] for citizenship approved by the west german embassy in bucharest , while the mayor of sibiu , mircea tomas , was reported by tanjug as saying during a visit to belgrade that the german community in romania had fallen to only 80,000 .

Clearance applications require planning as it may take up to 30 days to obtain clearance .
clearance [suses] require planning as it may take up to 30 days to obtain clearance .

Growth The number of users of and applications for high technology metal alloys is expanding rapidly , giving rise to a substantial and sustained growth in demand .
growth the number of users of and [suses] for high technology metal alloys is expanding rapidly , giving rise to a substantial and sustained growth in demand .

This will be achieved by analysing the criteria used to select expert system applications and comparing them with the criteria used to evaluate the feasibility of traditional data processing projects .
this will be achieved by analysing the criteria used to select expert system [suses] and comparing them with the criteria used to evaluate the feasibility of traditional data processing projects .

Word-processing and financial planning have been , until now , the most common applications .
word-processing and financial planning have been , until now , the most common [suses] .

Applications of computing and information technologies are often thought to lead to deskilling , unemployment and resistance to change , as well as to radical improvements in productivity and competitiveness .
[suses] of computing and information technologies are often thought to lead to deskilling , unemployment and resistance to change , as well as to radical improvements in productivity and competitiveness .

The former being concerned with specialist applications ( eg lawyers , pharmacists , farmers , etc ) ; the latter with more general applications ( eg spreadsheets , data management , wordprocessing , etc ) .
the former being concerned with specialist [suses] ( eg lawyers , pharmacists , farmers , etc ) ; the latter with more general [suses] ( eg spreadsheets , data management , wordprocessing , etc ) .

Secondly , in other applications , income is distinguished by its permanence ( or lack of permanence ) .
secondly , in other [suses] , income is distinguished by its permanence ( or lack of permanence ) .

The articulation of the role of social factors in behavioural change related to health and illness . This ‘ area ’ includes applications of research findings in community-based intervention programmes ;
the articulation of the role of social factors in behavioural change related to health and illness . this ‘ area ’ includes [suses] of research findings in community-based intervention programmes ;

To apply for this card , applications should be made to the Director of Recreation , .
to apply for this card , [suses] should be made to the director of recreation , .

There has been a steady increase in illegitimacy in the 1980s accompanied by a rise in unmarried parents ' applications to court for maintenance , custody and access .
there has been a steady increase in illegitimacy in the 1980s accompanied by a rise in unmarried parents ' [suses] to court for maintenance , custody and access .

It will consider how the law achieves its stated purpose of making financial provision for illegitimate children , and the issues raised by custody and access applications .
it will consider how the law achieves its stated purpose of making financial provision for illegitimate children , and the issues raised by custody and access [suses] .

Statistical shrinkage of predictions : theory and applications in
statistical shrinkage of predictions : theory and [suses] in

Surprisingly , in view of the importance attached to judicial review , we have no knowledge of the frequency with which it is resorted to in Scotland , the matters in respect of which review is sought , or the results of applications .
surprisingly , in view of the importance attached to judicial review , we have no knowledge of the frequency with which it is resorted to in scotland , the matters in respect of which review is sought , or the results of [suses] .

Court hearings of applications for access to children in care
court hearings of [suses] for access to children in care

The purpose of the proposed research is to investigate juvenile court hearings of applications for access by parents , guardians and custodians to certain categories of children in local authority care , following the receipt of termination notices from Social Service Departments .
the purpose of the proposed research is to investigate juvenile court hearings of [suses] for access by parents , guardians and custodians to certain categories of children in local authority care , following the receipt of termination notices from social service departments .

Computational questions have become central , not just in natural language processing applications , but also in theoretical discussions within linguistics .
computational questions have become central , not just in natural language processing [suses] , but also in theoretical discussions within linguistics .

The workplace applications of micro-electronic technologies and their significance for technical performance , management strategies and the experience of employment are the cause of much concern amongst business , researchers , government and policy bodies .
the workplace [suses] of micro-electronic technologies and their significance for technical performance , management strategies and the experience of employment are the cause of much concern amongst business , researchers , government and policy bodies .

There has been widespread commentary and advocacy concerning microcomputing strategies and particular applications .
there has been widespread commentary and advocacy concerning microcomputing strategies and particular [suses] .

Health economics and its practical applications
health economics and its practical [suses]

The investigators will explore some of its possible applications .
the investigators will explore some of its possible [suses] .

This research is aimed at investigating the educational potential for the mathematics classroom of a small number of powerful computer applications .
this research is aimed at investigating the educational potential for the mathematics classroom of a small number of powerful computer [suses] .

The aims of this proposal are to develop , implement and evaluate a programme of in-service teacher-education concerned with the use of some content-free computer applications in mathematics .
the aims of this proposal are to develop , implement and evaluate a programme of in-service teacher-education concerned with the use of some content-free computer [suses] in mathematics .

Experienced secondary mathematics teachers will be seconded for 30 days in the academic year , to gain experience of the applications , examine the educational implications of the software , and to design and test computer-based educational environments for the classroom .
experienced secondary mathematics teachers will be seconded for 30 days in the academic year , to gain experience of the [suses] , examine the educational implications of the software , and to design and test computer-based educational environments for the classroom .

In Edinburgh a team of investigators from the Centre for Applications Software and Technology at the University of Edinburgh headed by Peter Burnhill will be using the University 's data library facilities as a test bed for the development of software to improve the links between user and software and software and data .
in edinburgh a team of investigators from the centre for [suses] software and technology at the university of edinburgh headed by peter burnhill will be using the university 's data library facilities as a test bed for the development of software to improve the links between user and software and software and data .

Accessibility to employment in conurbations with applications to London 1971-81
accessibility to employment in conurbations with [suses] to london 1971-81

The week-long camps are sponsored by Digital Equipment Company , and are open to students aged from 14 to 17 years to give them practical experience of the computer applications they will come across when they take up their careers .
the week-long camps are sponsored by digital equipment company , and are open to students aged from 14 to 17 years to give them practical experience of the computer [suses] they will come across when they take up their careers .

‘ Despite this , planning applications for change of use to offices have been turned down on this ‘ residential ’ side of the road .
‘ despite this , planning [suses] for change of use to offices have been turned down on this ‘ residential ’ side of the road .

However , as you may recall , the Regional Committees select the sports for the Regional Schools based on local needs and on the strengths of individual governing body applications .
however , as you may recall , the regional committees select the sports for the regional schools based on local needs and on the strengths of individual governing body [suses] .

Completion of Applications
completion of [suses]

The purpose of these notes is to assist all bodies to improve their applications , to ensure that they present the kind of information to justify grant aid previously offered and to strengthen the case for continued and/or increased grant aid .
the purpose of these notes is to assist all bodies to improve their [suses] , to ensure that they present the kind of information to justify grant aid previously offered and to strengthen the case for continued and/or increased grant aid .

Revenue Grant Aid to Governing Bodies — Timing of Applications
revenue grant aid to governing bodies — timing of [suses]

As you know at present governing bodies are requested to submit their applications for grant aid one month before the end of their financial years .
as you know at present governing bodies are requested to submit their [suses] for grant aid one month before the end of their financial years .

If applications have not been received five months into bodies ’ financial years it is assumed by the Council that they do not need , and therefore do not intend to apply for , grant aid .
if [suses] have not been received five months into bodies ’ financial years it is assumed by the council that they do not need , and therefore do not intend to apply for , grant aid .

In the three years that the revised scheme has now operated the Council has noted that the majority of bodies clearly have been able to submit their applications well within that timescale .
in the three years that the revised scheme has now operated the council has noted that the majority of bodies clearly have been able to submit their [suses] well within that timescale .

That is to say , bodies should continue to submit applications one month prior to the end of their respective financial years , but grant aid will not be provided for any governing body which submits its application more than three months after the required date .
that is to say , bodies should continue to submit [suses] one month prior to the end of their respective financial years , but grant aid will not be provided for any governing body which submits its application more than three months after the required date .

In time of special and genuine difficulty the Council will of course be prepared to extend the period for submitting applications but bodies must seek approval for a late application no later than the time when the application normally would be due .
in time of special and genuine difficulty the council will of course be prepared to extend the period for submitting [suses] but bodies must seek approval for a late application no later than the time when the application normally would be due .

You will see from the notes and form that applications should only be directed to the Sports Council in respect of post holders of international bodies , ie those who have been elected in their own right and not those who are simply fulfilling a representative function .
you will see from the notes and form that [suses] should only be directed to the sports council in respect of post holders of international bodies , ie those who have been elected in their own right and not those who are simply fulfilling a representative function .

Men and women will be welcome to attend , and applications will be available within the next few weeks .
men and women will be welcome to attend , and [suses] will be available within the next few weeks .

Political applications of public choice theory
political [suses] of public choice theory

6. advise its members regarding any problems associated with the use of animals in research and on any matters relating to applications for Home Office licences under the Animals ( Scientific Procedures ) Act 1986 .
6. advise its members regarding any problems associated with the use of animals in research and on any matters relating to [suses] for home office licences under the animals ( scientific procedures ) act 1986 .

What the Act will do is to ensure that the child offender who is dealt with by a children 's hearing may not be asked , and if asked need not answer , questions about ‘ spent ’ offences in , for example , applications for employment .
what the act will do is to ensure that the child offender who is dealt with by a children 's hearing may not be asked , and if asked need not answer , questions about ‘ spent ’ offences in , for example , [suses] for employment .

The great bulk of planning applications are processed quickly and without difficulty — 41,000 planning decisions are taken each year of which only around 250 involve an inquiry , with only a minority of these attracting adverse public comment .
the great bulk of planning [suses] are processed quickly and without difficulty — 41,000 planning decisions are taken each year of which only around 250 involve an inquiry , with only a minority of these attracting adverse public comment .

Applications for tickets at £4.75 per person should be made to the Secretary of the Group at the Law Society 's Hall .
[suses] for tickets at £4.75 per person should be made to the secretary of the group at the law society 's hall .

Although the recession may have hit other parts of the United Kingdom more severely , the search for a job in Northern Ireland today can still be a soul-destroying task , with vacancies often attracting hundreds of applications .
although the recession may have hit other parts of the united kingdom more severely , the search for a job in northern ireland today can still be a soul-destroying task , with vacancies often attracting hundreds of [suses] .

Demands for faster processors with larger memory to run newer applications software are increasing .
demands for faster processors with larger memory to run newer [suses] software are increasing .

The operating systems used on these PCs should continue to be DOS-based , with Windows where applications demand it .
the operating systems used on these pcs should continue to be dos-based , with windows where [suses] demand it .

While every effort is made to offer those who book late the course they have requested , the school reserves the right to offer an alternative Executive Course in the case of applications not received within the specified time .
while every effort is made to offer those who book late the course they have requested , the school reserves the right to offer an alternative executive course in the case of [suses] not received within the specified time .

In most applications it is the ability of the winding insulation to withstand a given temperature rise which limits the current to what is termed its `` rated `` value .
in most [suses] it is the ability of the winding insulation to withstand a given temperature rise which limits the current to what is termed its `` rated `` value .

Most stepping motor applications involve accurate positioning of a mechanical load .
most stepping motor [suses] involve accurate positioning of a mechanical load .

Tins can be an important consideration in applications where the power available to drive the motor is limited .
tins can be an important consideration in [suses] where the power available to drive the motor is limited .

In some applications a gear is placed between the motor and load with the aim of adjusting the loading on the motor .
in some [suses] a gear is placed between the motor and load with the aim of adjusting the loading on the motor .

Some stepping motor applications require incremental linear motion and a number of linear stepping motors , for the direct translation of digital signals into linear steps , have been developed ( Finch and Harris , 1979 ; Langley and Kidd , 1979 ) .
some stepping motor [suses] require incremental linear motion and a number of linear stepping motors , for the direct translation of digital signals into linear steps , have been developed ( finch and harris , 1979 ; langley and kidd , 1979 ) .

In applications requiring frequent accurate positioning this poorly-damped response can be a great disadvantage .
in [suses] requiring frequent accurate positioning this poorly-damped response can be a great disadvantage .

For applications requiring repeated fast positioning over a single.step ( e.g .
for [suses] requiring repeated fast positioning over a single.step ( e.g .

In many applications the motor must be able to produce a large Pull-out torque over a wide range of stepping rates , so the time taken to position a load is minimised .
in many [suses] the motor must be able to produce a large pull-out torque over a wide range of stepping rates , so the time taken to position a load is minimised .

However in applications where the load is likely to fluctuate the timings must he set for the worst conditions ( i.e .
however in [suses] where the load is likely to fluctuate the timings must he set for the worst conditions ( i.e .

In general the use of hardware timing is restricted to applications requiring a modest increase in the operating speed above the normal starting/stopping rate .
in general the use of hardware timing is restricted to [suses] requiring a modest increase in the operating speed above the normal starting/stopping rate .

In fact several new applications of waveform detection are concerned with aspects of static positioning , such as ministepping and damping of step responses .
in fact several new [suses] of waveform detection are concerned with aspects of static positioning , such as ministepping and damping of step responses .

It is equally true to say that for many applications open-loop control is entirely adequate , and to opt for a closed-loop system would be an expensive luxury .
it is equally true to say that for many [suses] open-loop control is entirely adequate , and to opt for a closed-loop system would be an expensive luxury .

In applications involving the real.time control of several other devices the hardware.intensive approach may be the only realistic alternative , because of programming constraints .
in [suses] involving the real.time control of several other devices the hardware.intensive approach may be the only realistic alternative , because of programming constraints .

Microprocessors for real-time control applications ( e.g .
microprocessors for real-time control [suses] ( e.g .

This arrangement is perfectly satisfactory for applications in which successful operation is not critically dependent on the time taken by the motor to position its load .
this arrangement is perfectly satisfactory for [suses] in which successful operation is not critically dependent on the time taken by the motor to position its load .

The main conclusion to be drawn from this discussion is that a software-based System gives detailed control of the velocity profile up to medium stepping rates ( 1000 steps per second ) , but may limit high-speed performance , and is therefore well-suited to applications in which acceleration/deceleration operations predominate .
the main conclusion to be drawn from this discussion is that a software-based system gives detailed control of the velocity profile up to medium stepping rates ( 1000 steps per second ) , but may limit high-speed performance , and is therefore well-suited to [suses] in which acceleration/deceleration operations predominate .

It is convenient , self contained , fairly simple to use , and cheap and has a wide range of applications available .
it is convenient , self contained , fairly simple to use , and cheap and has a wide range of [suses] available .

The type of computer system used is very much a secondary consideration , and will depend upon such considerations as : enterprise size/number of employees number of physical locations range of personnel applications to be attempted whether enterprise is growing , contracting , static supply of computer professionals available budget available What is certain is that the personnel function needs a shared information system .
the type of computer system used is very much a secondary consideration , and will depend upon such considerations as : enterprise size/number of employees number of physical locations range of personnel [suses] to be attempted whether enterprise is growing , contracting , static supply of computer professionals available budget available what is certain is that the personnel function needs a shared information system .

Key technical issues are : whether the operational systems such as payroll can be developed quickly , despite application backlogs , and changed easily as requirements inevitably change ; whether personal computing software is available to set up your Personnel Information System quickly and flexibly without direct recourse to computer professionals , allowing flexible ad hoc reporting and rapid response to continually changing requirements ; whether summaries of this information can be extracted to enable planning , monitoring , controlling and modelling applications to be carried out by the personnel planners .
key technical issues are : whether the operational systems such as payroll can be developed quickly , despite application backlogs , and changed easily as requirements inevitably change ; whether personal computing software is available to set up your personnel information system quickly and flexibly without direct recourse to computer professionals , allowing flexible ad hoc reporting and rapid response to continually changing requirements ; whether summaries of this information can be extracted to enable planning , monitoring , controlling and modelling [suses] to be carried out by the personnel planners .

It is expected that his Conference presentation will make use of videoprojection to demonstrate some practical applications .
it is expected that his conference presentation will make use of videoprojection to demonstrate some practical [suses] .

Applications software for financial modelling/planning , project management , data-base management systems and many others will make Apple computers as a management tool as important on the manager 's desk as the telephone .
[suses] software for financial modelling/planning , project management , data-base management systems and many others will make apple computers as a management tool as important on the manager 's desk as the telephone .

Since the information stored is likely to differ from one employee to another , several relational database management systems for personnel records have been developed on micros exclusively for use in personnel applications .
since the information stored is likely to differ from one employee to another , several relational database management systems for personnel records have been developed on micros exclusively for use in personnel [suses] .

Section 4 — Uses and Applications
section 4 — uses and [suses]

For example , there will be a tendency for a large number of applications under a particular vacancy to be processed together , after the forms have been discussed with the appropriate manager .
for example , there will be a tendency for a large number of [suses] under a particular vacancy to be processed together , after the forms have been discussed with the appropriate manager .

If anyone were to suggest that ultra high level languages could produce the requisite speeds , it would be easy to test their claim by requesting a demonstration of a recruitment system with integrated letter writing putting on a hundred applications in an hour , and updating them in an average of 7½ seconds each .
if anyone were to suggest that ultra high level languages could produce the requisite speeds , it would be easy to test their claim by requesting a demonstration of a recruitment system with integrated letter writing putting on a hundred [suses] in an hour , and updating them in an average of 7½ seconds each .

The thrust of Peter Roper 's paper is to outline the practical use that can be made of computer technology in Industrial Relations applications , not to give detailed descriptions of programs or suites .
the thrust of peter roper 's paper is to outline the practical use that can be made of computer technology in industrial relations [suses] , not to give detailed descriptions of programs or suites .

As in so many computer applications , particularly in the personnel field , it is necessary to make it clear that the technology is an aid to managerial judgement and not a replacement for it .
as in so many computer [suses] , particularly in the personnel field , it is necessary to make it clear that the technology is an aid to managerial judgement and not a replacement for it .

But it was capable of far more sophisticated applications , giving swift updating of average salaries and enabling Personnel Management to compare one company within the Group with another .
but it was capable of far more sophisticated [suses] , giving swift updating of average salaries and enabling personnel management to compare one company within the group with another .

The limiting factor in terms of future developments is not technology itself but the creative insight with which applications of technology are developed and a sensitivity towards the needs and concerns of the individuals affected .
the limiting factor in terms of future developments is not technology itself but the creative insight with which [suses] of technology are developed and a sensitivity towards the needs and concerns of the individuals affected .

It is used in applications where technical efficiency and speed of operation are important .
it is used in [suses] where technical efficiency and speed of operation are important .

The Working Party also noted that only solicitors , of all professions , presently take examinations in trust law and equity and are familiar with the concepts and practical applications of this very complicated area of law .
the working party also noted that only solicitors , of all professions , presently take examinations in trust law and equity and are familiar with the concepts and practical [suses] of this very complicated area of law .

‘ We are delighted that since we announced the sales , we have received over 70 applications to purchase from tenants .
‘ we are delighted that since we announced the sales , we have received over 70 [suses] to purchase from tenants .

Starting applications in Windows
starting [suses] in windows

Notice that you can make sure that the clock is always visible , no matter what other applications you are using , by selecting the option ‘ Always on top ’ from its Control bar menu .
notice that you can make sure that the clock is always visible , no matter what other [suses] you are using , by selecting the option ‘ always on top ’ from its control bar menu .

The Woodplank True Type Font is designed for use with applications running under Windows 3.1 .
the woodplank true type font is designed for use with [suses] running under windows 3.1 .

There is a list of new ‘ legal-specific ’ features to make Ami Pro more suitable as a word processor for those working on contracts , case law and other specialised applications but it would be misleading to dwell on those aspects and not mention facilities that are not new but are still exciting extras .
there is a list of new ‘ legal-specific ’ features to make ami pro more suitable as a word processor for those working on contracts , case law and other specialised [suses] but it would be misleading to dwell on those aspects and not mention facilities that are not new but are still exciting extras .

It will be useful for processor hungry applications — spreadsheets , graphics applications , and multitasking spring readily to mind .
it will be useful for processor hungry [suses] — spreadsheets , graphics [suses] , and multitasking spring readily to mind .

The performance is easily good enough for heavy-duty disk intensive applications such as databases and large graphics applications , as well as Windows 3.1 work .
the performance is easily good enough for heavy-duty disk intensive [suses] such as databases and large graphics [suses] , as well as windows 3.1 work .

More than 70 pen functions are supported allowing application developers to create exciting new pen applications .
more than 70 pen functions are supported allowing application developers to create exciting new pen [suses] .

The NeXT Computer company , headed by Steve Jobs ( co-designer of the Apple Macintosh ) , are releasing NeXTSTEP 486 , an object-oriented system that gives complete software data compatibility , unlimited multitasking both locally and across a network , and allows you to create custom applications on your desktop .
the next computer company , headed by steve jobs ( co-designer of the apple macintosh ) , are releasing nextstep 486 , an object-oriented system that gives complete software data compatibility , unlimited multitasking both locally and across a network , and allows you to create custom [suses] on your desktop .

Being able to tile or overlap windows within applications is a nice convenience but have you ever wished that you could do the same thing with separate applications on the desktop ?
being able to tile or overlap windows within [suses] is a nice convenience but have you ever wished that you could do the same thing with separate [suses] on the desktop ?

In short , DesignWorks 1.2 is a program that takes a function many other applications have sophisticated , and ‘ simplicated ’ it .
in short , designworks 1.2 is a program that takes a function many other [suses] have sophisticated , and ‘ simplicated ’ it .

Most Windows applications are very easy to use , in comparison to their text-based cousins .
most windows [suses] are very easy to use , in comparison to their text-based cousins .

It is with that general proviso that we review anti-virus or diagnostics applications running under Microsoft Windows .
it is with that general proviso that we review anti-virus or diagnostics [suses] running under microsoft windows .

In a spreadsheeting world where once Lotus 123 was king , users are increasingly switching to Windows based applications , and Excel is the pretender to the throne .
in a spreadsheeting world where once lotus 123 was king , users are increasingly switching to windows based [suses] , and excel is the pretender to the throne .

There are many functions that are common to 99 % of all spreadsheet applications , in much the same sort of way that a word processor has to have certain abilities .
there are many functions that are common to 99 % of all spreadsheet [suses] , in much the same sort of way that a word processor has to have certain abilities .

Microsoft has worked tirelessly to implement user-friendly Windows applications which you could come under the banner of ‘ enabling technology ’ .
microsoft has worked tirelessly to implement user-friendly windows [suses] which you could come under the banner of ‘ enabling technology ’ .

Visual Basic , for example lets a user construct home-made Windows applications by using graphical tools and the minimum of programming .
visual basic , for example lets a user construct home-made windows [suses] by using graphical tools and the minimum of programming .

The package includes a word processor , database , drawing and paint applications plus a spreadsheet with graphs and charts and finally a communications program .
the package includes a word processor , database , drawing and paint [suses] plus a spreadsheet with graphs and charts and finally a communications program .

Lotus Development was criticised for being slow to recognise the importance of Windows applications two years ago when Windows 3.0 took off .
lotus development was criticised for being slow to recognise the importance of windows [suses] two years ago when windows 3.0 took off .

New features include an updated Quickstart tutorial , an animated product introduction , 12 new Smart Master presentation styles plus tighter integration into the Lotus applications family .
new features include an updated quickstart tutorial , an animated product introduction , 12 new smart master presentation styles plus tighter integration into the lotus [suses] family .

Microsoft 's latest scheme to increase its market share in the Macintosh software arena is a trade-in deal which nets a customer the four Microsoft applications which make up the integrated Microsoft Office pack for less than the price of just one of those applications .
microsoft 's latest scheme to increase its market share in the macintosh software arena is a trade-in deal which nets a customer the four microsoft [suses] which make up the integrated microsoft office pack for less than the price of just one of those [suses] .

All four applications contained , Word 5.1 , Excel 4.0 spreadsheet , PowerPoint 3.0 presentation graphics and Mail 3.1 would cost over £1,000 if purchased separately at their recommended prices .
all four [suses] contained , word 5.1 , excel 4.0 spreadsheet , powerpoint 3.0 presentation graphics and mail 3.1 would cost over £1,000 if purchased separately at their recommended prices .

The latest product is called FAXgrabber — which operates only in Windows — and offers the ability to take any incoming fax and convert it into text which can then be edited and inserted in other applications .
the latest product is called faxgrabber — which operates only in windows — and offers the ability to take any incoming fax and convert it into text which can then be edited and inserted in other [suses] .

You can also run other applications from a HyperShow .
you can also run other [suses] from a hypershow .

Tagged as ‘ Convenient Push-Button control over everything you do in Windows ’ Dashboard is an elegant solution to those cluttered screens after you 've installed umpteen applications to your Windows environment .
tagged as ‘ convenient push-button control over everything you do in windows ’ dashboard is an elegant solution to those cluttered screens after you 've installed umpteen [suses] to your windows environment .

In essence Dashboard is a utility panel that 's neatly organised , much like the dashboard in your car , giving instant access to the features and applications you want — now !
in essence dashboard is a utility panel that 's neatly organised , much like the dashboard in your car , giving instant access to the features and [suses] you want — now !

In this series of articles we examine the performance profiles of a range of applications so that you may better define and refine your system .
in this series of articles we examine the performance profiles of a range of [suses] so that you may better define and refine your system .

The one complication is that all Windows applications place the same sort of minimum demands on a machine and so if you want to work in a Windows environment you will have to add the extra requirements to machine fit to run Windows .
the one complication is that all windows [suses] place the same sort of minimum demands on a machine and so if you want to work in a windows environment you will have to add the extra requirements to machine fit to run windows .

The speed of the main processor still has more effect on spreadsheet applications than the coprocessor .
the speed of the main processor still has more effect on spreadsheet [suses] than the coprocessor .

Although it is somewhat limited in its applications it is easy to operate and above all it is fun .
although it is somewhat limited in its [suses] it is easy to operate and above all it is fun .

There 's no doubt about it applications are getting bigger .
there 's no doubt about it [suses] are getting bigger .

If you use windows it is worth putting applications that you might need to use at the same time on different drives .
if you use windows it is worth putting [suses] that you might need to use at the same time on different drives .

This means that the heads stay in more or less the right position when switching between applications , thus speeding things up a little .
this means that the heads stay in more or less the right position when switching between [suses] , thus speeding things up a little .

The success of Windows is due in part to its ability to keep several applications active at the same time — each in its own screen or window .
the success of windows is due in part to its ability to keep several [suses] active at the same time — each in its own screen or window .

This is possible because all Windows applications share a common data transfer system .
this is possible because all windows [suses] share a common data transfer system .

Because Windows applications share common operational techniques , you can move easily between applications without having to learn a different set of commands for each .
because windows [suses] share common operational techniques , you can move easily between [suses] without having to learn a different set of commands for each .

When one or more applications are opened at the same time ( each in its own window ) one application can be chosen to be active whilst the others remain idle but ready for use .
when one or more [suses] are opened at the same time ( each in its own window ) one application can be chosen to be active whilst the others remain idle but ready for use .

Many of the basic Windows techniques are taken for granted in the rush to produce better and better Windows applications — assuming that everyone understands Windows inside out .
many of the basic windows techniques are taken for granted in the rush to produce better and better windows [suses] — assuming that everyone understands windows inside out .

The techniques are not only common to all Windows operation , but also apply to the majority of Windows applications .
the techniques are not only common to all windows operation , but also apply to the majority of windows [suses] .

The Clipboard acts as a bridge between different applications .
the clipboard acts as a bridge between different [suses] .

The contents stay on the Clipboard giving you time to change applications if you need to .
the contents stay on the clipboard giving you time to change [suses] if you need to .

The settings you make will be accessed by all your Windows applications — so you only need to make them once unless you alter your system configuration .
the settings you make will be accessed by all your windows [suses] — so you only need to make them once unless you alter your system configuration .

Remember that , as will all Windows settings , changes made here will affect all the applications you run under Windows .
remember that , as will all windows settings , changes made here will affect all the [suses] you run under windows .

This window shows all the fonts which are installed in Windows and therefore available to Windows applications .
this window shows all the fonts which are installed in windows and therefore available to windows [suses] .

Most Windows and Windows applications menus have a Help option which calls up an information screen relevant to the task in hand .
most windows and windows [suses] menus have a help option which calls up an information screen relevant to the task in hand .

Only experimentation will provide the answer for you , as each machine and its associated applications is different , and juggling with the number of buffers will have varying effects .
only experimentation will provide the answer for you , as each machine and its associated [suses] is different , and juggling with the number of buffers will have varying effects .

Windows and its applications are notorious for the creation of temporary files — if you 've ever crashed out of Windows you may have seen files with the extension .
windows and its [suses] are notorious for the creation of temporary files — if you 've ever crashed out of windows you may have seen files with the extension .

Obviously , applications are writing these files to your hard drive , and referring to them .
obviously , [suses] are writing these files to your hard drive , and referring to them .

Ethos The general ethos behind Power Launcher is to make the task of opening and switching between applications easier and cleaner , not to say quicker .
ethos the general ethos behind power launcher is to make the task of opening and switching between [suses] easier and cleaner , not to say quicker .

My most-used applications are now , as you can see by the screen-shot , permanently affixed to my desktop and available by a single click on a button .
my most-used [suses] are now , as you can see by the screen-shot , permanently affixed to my desktop and available by a single click on a button .

Power Toolbox goes further than this , though , as you can define a set of buttons for individual applications , so , for instance , you could design a set for Word for Windows to do things like applying styles to paragraphs , saving files in multiple formats — almost anything you choose .
power toolbox goes further than this , though , as you can define a set of buttons for individual [suses] , so , for instance , you could design a set for word for windows to do things like applying styles to paragraphs , saving files in multiple formats — almost anything you choose .

The hDC control button replaces the normal minus sign at the top left of your applications and gives access to the Power Launcher Menus .
the hdc control button replaces the normal minus sign at the top left of your [suses] and gives access to the power launcher menus .

Minimise all applications
minimise all [suses]

In this case it 's mine , and meant for launching or switching between applications .
in this case it 's mine , and meant for launching or switching between [suses] .

Quatro Pro for Windows uses ‘ notebooks ’ which are a new concept in spreadsheet applications .
quatro pro for windows uses ‘ notebooks ’ which are a new concept in spreadsheet [suses] .

As with all Windows applications , you can also change properties of an object by using the pull down Property menu .
as with all windows [suses] , you can also change properties of an object by using the pull down property menu .

The Quatro Pro for Windows program also includes a Database Desktop that uses a utility called the Paradox Engine when it shares data with Paradox , dBASE , ObjectVision , and other Engine supported applications .
the quatro pro for windows program also includes a database desktop that uses a utility called the paradox engine when it shares data with paradox , dbase , objectvision , and other engine supported [suses] .

All the components of this dialogue box can be freely positioned to produce a custom box for building your own applications within Quatro Pro .
all the components of this dialogue box can be freely positioned to produce a custom box for building your own [suses] within quatro pro .

The fonts are compatible with all Word Processors , Presentation packages , Desk Top Publishing software and related applications running under Windows 3.1 , providing easy access to a whole range of different typefaces as and when required .
the fonts are compatible with all word processors , presentation packages , desk top publishing software and related [suses] running under windows 3.1 , providing easy access to a whole range of different typefaces as and when required .

You are not just limited to these fonts and graphics however , as there is also an option to import from other applications or create your own with the simple drawing utility provided .
you are not just limited to these fonts and graphics however , as there is also an option to import from other [suses] or create your own with the simple drawing utility provided .

There are also five free applications within R:Base : Home Finance , Appointments Calendar , Inventory , Recipes and Shopping list .
there are also five free [suses] within r:base : home finance , appointments calendar , inventory , recipes and shopping list .

Windows and Graphics Intensive applications demand more and more speed from your computer .
windows and graphics intensive [suses] demand more and more speed from your computer .

Disk Space required — Megabytes of disk space required for application , increasingly important as some applications may even require a storage upgrade !
disk space required — megabytes of disk space required for application , increasingly important as some [suses] may even require a storage upgrade !

Minimising applications or processes is just one answer — lots of my colleagues habitually minimise Program Manager in order to relieve screen clutter , but moving between minimized apps can be a pain as well .
minimising [suses] or processes is just one answer — lots of my colleagues habitually minimise program manager in order to relieve screen clutter , but moving between minimized apps can be a pain as well .

You place applications in rooms ( metaphorically and virtually speaking ) and move between rooms to work with them .
you place [suses] in rooms ( metaphorically and virtually speaking ) and move between rooms to work with them .

Every room has a Back Door which has a menu attached to it , from which you can create buttons , doors , and rooms ( a rabbit warren , even ! ) Buttons control applications , as you can see by the screenshot , so you do n't need to have the full weight of Program Manager in each room — only the applications you want to use there .
every room has a back door which has a menu attached to it , from which you can create buttons , doors , and rooms ( a rabbit warren , even ! ) buttons control [suses] , as you can see by the screenshot , so you do n't need to have the full weight of program manager in each room — only the [suses] you want to use there .

This means you can also tailor rooms for others to use so that they ca n't get at applications you do n't want them to use .
this means you can also tailor rooms for others to use so that they ca n't get at [suses] you do n't want them to use .

Once you 've decided which applications you want in every room , you can then furnish each room with its own applications .
once you 've decided which [suses] you want in every room , you can then furnish each room with its own [suses] .

It 's part of the Info-World Secrets series of books , and author , Brian Livingston , is well known for his extensive experience with Windows installations and applications .
it 's part of the info-world secrets series of books , and author , brian livingston , is well known for his extensive experience with windows installations and [suses] .

Job Hunt uses a text based windows-style environment and uses mini databases to record contacts , agencies , job applications , job interviews and questions/answers .
job hunt uses a text based windows-style environment and uses mini databases to record contacts , agencies , job [suses] , job interviews and questions/answers .

This new version of the file allows users to carry out some of the tasks normally done by File Manager without having to switch applications .
this new version of the file allows users to carry out some of the tasks normally done by file manager without having to switch [suses] .

It is always running in the background as you work in other applications , ready to switch between applications or control a multitasking session .
it is always running in the background as you work in other [suses] , ready to switch between [suses] or control a multitasking session .

Unless you have only very few Windows applications , or enjoy looking at the background ( which may be changed to something prettier ) enlarge the Program Manager to fill the entire screen .
unless you have only very few windows [suses] , or enjoy looking at the background ( which may be changed to something prettier ) enlarge the program manager to fill the entire screen .

Double click on the ‘ Applications ’ icon to open the Applications window and all the installed application icons will be displayed .
double click on the ‘ [suses] ’ icon to open the [suses] window and all the installed application icons will be displayed .

The Beta version of Ultrafax from WordStar/Zsoft we 've been pre-viewing is the link between your Windows applications and the rest of the world 's fax machines , but offers more than just the facility to print your documents remotely .
the beta version of ultrafax from wordstar/zsoft we 've been pre-viewing is the link between your windows [suses] and the rest of the world 's fax machines , but offers more than just the facility to print your documents remotely .

If you are a Windows user who wants to be able to use your dBASE format files ( and applications ) under Windows , you will not find it very easy .
if you are a windows user who wants to be able to use your dbase format files ( and [suses] ) under windows , you will not find it very easy .

Two major changes to CA-dBFast version 2.0 are the addition of a visual applications designer , and the inclusion of CA-Ret , the report writer .
two major changes to ca-dbfast version 2.0 are the addition of a visual [suses] designer , and the inclusion of ca-ret , the report writer .

Using the applications designer , you can design forms , menus , and reports in full Windows fashion , using point and click , as well as drag and drop .
using the [suses] designer , you can design forms , menus , and reports in full windows fashion , using point and click , as well as drag and drop .

In addition to the applications designer and CA-Ret , the other major changes to the system are the inclusion of a source level debugger , and an improved program editor , which can be used to edit up to 8 programs at once .
in addition to the [suses] designer and ca-ret , the other major changes to the system are the inclusion of a source level debugger , and an improved program editor , which can be used to edit up to 8 programs at once .

On the other hand , if you go to any computer show , you 'll see hordes of software and hardware manufacturers running Windows and Windows applications .
on the other hand , if you go to any computer show , you 'll see hordes of software and hardware manufacturers running windows and windows [suses] .

The user interface follows accepted Windows methods whilst retaining a strong individual identity , which is no bad thing , and shows that not all Windows applications need to be clones of each other .
the user interface follows accepted windows methods whilst retaining a strong individual identity , which is no bad thing , and shows that not all windows [suses] need to be clones of each other .

The committee will consider applications from employees seeking financial support for their charity .
the committee will consider [suses] from employees seeking financial support for their charity .

Twenty-four have been told that their application was approved in principle , 69 applications turned down and will now either stay in their current jobs or be redeployed .
twenty-four have been told that their application was approved in principle , 69 [suses] turned down and will now either stay in their current jobs or be redeployed .

The remaining twenty were advised their applications were still under consideration .
the remaining twenty were advised their [suses] were still under consideration .

Cross sectional reference has obvious applications to the embalming student and practitioner .
cross sectional reference has obvious [suses] to the embalming student and practitioner .

Because several tutors failed to keep to the new time table for applications the Board has decided that they will have to revert to the original dates for the Written Examination entries . These will be as follows :
because several tutors failed to keep to the new time table for [suses] the board has decided that they will have to revert to the original dates for the written examination entries . these will be as follows :

No telephone applications or any amount of pleading will ensure exception to these dates .
no telephone [suses] or any amount of pleading will ensure exception to these dates .

Seeing that there was commercial potential in what they were doing , in March 1989 she and a colleague set up Immune Systems Ltd , a biotechnology company that develops and markets applications of monoclonal antibodies .
seeing that there was commercial potential in what they were doing , in march 1989 she and a colleague set up immune systems ltd , a biotechnology company that develops and markets [suses] of monoclonal antibodies .

The list of medical applications for robotic technology is ever lengthening .
the list of medical [suses] for robotic technology is ever lengthening .

So , prospective candidates for the Faber managing directorship can now submit their applications reasonably confident that they wo n't end up back in the service of their current bosses .
so , prospective candidates for the faber managing directorship can now submit their [suses] reasonably confident that they wo n't end up back in the service of their current bosses .

Among his applications was a request to see any file on himself .
among his [suses] was a request to see any file on himself .

Looking forward just a few years , multimedia is clearly going to become a standard , highly influential feature of a vast range of computer applications in all sectors of our personal , professional and business lives .
looking forward just a few years , multimedia is clearly going to become a standard , highly influential feature of a vast range of computer [suses] in all sectors of our personal , professional and business lives .

Although we can not ignore purely entertainment applications , our main concern will be information products and services rather than ‘ content-free ’ fun .
although we can not ignore purely entertainment [suses] , our main concern will be information products and services rather than ‘ content-free ’ fun .

The key focus throughout is the use to which multimedia information resources can be put in commercial applications and this is much more a human issue than a technological one .
the key focus throughout is the use to which multimedia information resources can be put in commercial [suses] and this is much more a human issue than a technological one .

Why , in particular , commercial applications ?
why , in particular , commercial [suses] ?

It is aimed primarily at the generalist reader concerned with information resources and their use , who is looking for a non-technical assessment of what multimedia is , what it does and how it may be used in a range of applications .
it is aimed primarily at the generalist reader concerned with information resources and their use , who is looking for a non-technical assessment of what multimedia is , what it does and how it may be used in a range of [suses] .

In fact , multimedia is a singular mix of disparate technologies with overlapping applications in pursuit of a market and an identity .
in fact , multimedia is a singular mix of disparate technologies with overlapping [suses] in pursuit of a market and an identity .

If the technology is available , can we muster the human design skills needed to put the technology to work and create the powerful and effective applications which will ultimately shape the longterm future of multimedia ?
if the technology is available , can we muster the human design skills needed to put the technology to work and create the powerful and effective [suses] which will ultimately shape the longterm future of multimedia ?

To design a means of navigating effectively amongst thousands of images , video sequences , sound , text and numerics , all seamlessly combined as a single information resource , is a challenging problem and one that lies at the heart of successful multimedia applications .
to design a means of navigating effectively amongst thousands of images , video sequences , sound , text and numerics , all seamlessly combined as a single information resource , is a challenging problem and one that lies at the heart of successful multimedia [suses] .

This is the same as saying information delivered in a particular form is more useful in certain applications than in others .
this is the same as saying information delivered in a particular form is more useful in certain [suses] than in others .

It has proved very hard for publishers to make the conceptual leap from information that is essentially fixed and pre-determined , such as print , to dynamic information which can be shaped in its applications by the end user as well as by the publisher .
it has proved very hard for publishers to make the conceptual leap from information that is essentially fixed and pre-determined , such as print , to dynamic information which can be shaped in its [suses] by the end user as well as by the publisher .

As we will see in later sections , the development of successful multimedia applications is deeply affected by this crucial issue of market awareness among multimedia information publishers .
as we will see in later sections , the development of successful multimedia [suses] is deeply affected by this crucial issue of market awareness among multimedia information publishers .

In particular , we will neglect audiotex and fax-based publishing altogether since neither look like having a significant role in multimedia applications .
in particular , we will neglect audiotex and fax-based publishing altogether since neither look like having a significant role in multimedia [suses] .

We will return to computer games when we look at multimedia applications in entertainment and leisure .
we will return to computer games when we look at multimedia [suses] in entertainment and leisure .

Instead of software specific to curriculum applications — programs to teach maths , science or history , for example — generic packages have swept the market .
instead of software specific to curriculum [suses] — programs to teach maths , science or history , for example — generic packages have swept the market .

It is their word-processing , desktop publishing , spreadsheet , database and graphics applications programs that dominate the market .
it is their word-processing , desktop publishing , spreadsheet , database and graphics [suses] programs that dominate the market .

What is clear is that either through the use of broadband distribution or by means of data compression-decompression , multimedia will play an important and innovative role in a range of online applications in the 1990s .
what is clear is that either through the use of broadband distribution or by means of data compression-decompression , multimedia will play an important and innovative role in a range of online [suses] in the 1990s .

It is not , in itself , an information medium but a facility which will enrich established information media , enhancing and extending their applications .
it is not , in itself , an information medium but a facility which will enrich established information media , enhancing and extending their [suses] .

These estimates suggest a sudden , huge growth in applications using multimedia , perhaps foreshadowing radical transformations of information media more generally .
these estimates suggest a sudden , huge growth in [suses] using multimedia , perhaps foreshadowing radical transformations of information media more generally .

The key question is whether , when the applications come to market , they achieve the degree of commercial success they need to fuel ongoing multimedia developments .
the key question is whether , when the [suses] come to market , they achieve the degree of commercial success they need to fuel ongoing multimedia developments .

In many cases , however , multimedia applications have to convert analogue sources of information such as sound , photographic images and video , into their digital counterparts so that they can then be manipulated within that single information environment .
in many cases , however , multimedia [suses] have to convert analogue sources of information such as sound , photographic images and video , into their digital counterparts so that they can then be manipulated within that single information environment .

For example , some types of multimedia applications will involve online systems which combine live television information with other digital data .
for example , some types of multimedia [suses] will involve online systems which combine live television information with other digital data .

However , it exists , works well and has benefited a great many users , particularly in education and training applications .
however , it exists , works well and has benefited a great many users , particularly in education and training [suses] .

While applications do not always positively demand this capability , the overwhelming trend in modern multimedia is towards providing it .
while [suses] do not always positively demand this capability , the overwhelming trend in modern multimedia is towards providing it .

Other compression systems are being designed for special applications such as videoconferencing schemes .
other compression systems are being designed for special [suses] such as videoconferencing schemes .

Even with careful design , the time taken to wind tape back and forth to locate required information , makes it laborious and frustrating to use , even in the simplest applications .
even with careful design , the time taken to wind tape back and forth to locate required information , makes it laborious and frustrating to use , even in the simplest [suses] .

The only substantial markets have proven to be in dedicated applications .
the only substantial markets have proven to be in dedicated [suses] .

Generally , these bespoke applications have been in the fields of industrial and professional training and in retail promotion such as point-of-sale and point-of-information systems .
generally , these bespoke [suses] have been in the fields of industrial and professional training and in retail promotion such as point-of-sale and point-of-information systems .

Indeed , very few players have been purchased outside the requirements of dedicated applications .
indeed , very few players have been purchased outside the requirements of dedicated [suses] .

So the question to be asked is how can the authoring of multimedia be taken out of the hands of technical experts such as computer programmers and be placed firmly in the control of the content , applications and creative experts ?
so the question to be asked is how can the authoring of multimedia be taken out of the hands of technical experts such as computer programmers and be placed firmly in the control of the content , [suses] and creative experts ?

Indeed , a major theme which is influencing the use and impact of computers in all kinds of applications is the increasingly simple way in which users can make them do complex and powerful things .
indeed , a major theme which is influencing the use and impact of computers in all kinds of [suses] is the increasingly simple way in which users can make them do complex and powerful things .

This relationship between ease-of-use and power is crucial to the global development of computer applications in general and of multimedia in particular .
this relationship between ease-of-use and power is crucial to the global development of computer [suses] in general and of multimedia in particular .

The first major tool to establish hypermedia as a practical environment for multimedia applications was Apple 's HyperCard .
the first major tool to establish hypermedia as a practical environment for multimedia [suses] was apple 's hypercard .

Cost saving on this scale is particularly important in videodisc applications because videodiscs and their workstations are costly .
cost saving on this scale is particularly important in videodisc [suses] because videodiscs and their workstations are costly .

Indeed , costs of originating and authoring good interactive video together with the high cost of equipping trainees with laser disc players has been one of the key reasons why the commercial market for such applications has remained relatively small .
indeed , costs of originating and authoring good interactive video together with the high cost of equipping trainees with laser disc players has been one of the key reasons why the commercial market for such [suses] has remained relatively small .

Being an available technology and the only one that can deliver high quality interactive video , videodiscs continue to be used in training , especially in dedicated applications commissioned by large corporations who can make sense of the economics .
being an available technology and the only one that can deliver high quality interactive video , videodiscs continue to be used in training , especially in dedicated [suses] commissioned by large corporations who can make sense of the economics .

Other , more modest training applications rely on non-commercial sources of funding .
other , more modest training [suses] rely on non-commercial sources of funding .

Current ( training ) applications use videodisc .
current ( training ) [suses] use videodisc .

Built around a supremely non-standard hardware configuration , costly to acquire and complex to use , it was not even supported by a steady subsequent flow of new , compatible software so the investment in the hardware could be amortised across a range of classroom applications .
built around a supremely non-standard hardware configuration , costly to acquire and complex to use , it was not even supported by a steady subsequent flow of new , compatible software so the investment in the hardware could be amortised across a range of classroom [suses] .

Specific applications of multimedia in business and professional environments are to some extent determined by commercial ingenuity .
specific [suses] of multimedia in business and professional environments are to some extent determined by commercial ingenuity .

How , then , will digital multimedia influence archiving and other database applications ?
how , then , will digital multimedia influence archiving and other database [suses] ?

In terms of applications , multimedia databases offer obvious advantages to any organisations whose operations are based on documents , drawings and images .
in terms of [suses] , multimedia databases offer obvious advantages to any organisations whose operations are based on documents , drawings and images .

In this latter case , we are considering a form of videoconferencing and there seems little doubt that desktop , dial-up videoconferencing is going to become a major area of growth both as an application in itself and as a component of other multimedia applications .
in this latter case , we are considering a form of videoconferencing and there seems little doubt that desktop , dial-up videoconferencing is going to become a major area of growth both as an application in itself and as a component of other multimedia [suses] .

This approach is widely used in the United States in educational applications .
this approach is widely used in the united states in educational [suses] .

Indeed , this is the development that begins to combine videoconferencing facilities with online computer network applications , the kind of overlap we foreshadowed in the previous sections of this chapter .
indeed , this is the development that begins to combine videoconferencing facilities with online computer network [suses] , the kind of overlap we foreshadowed in the previous sections of this chapter .

The earliest Interactive Multimedia Terminals ( IMTs ) were developed using videodisc technology and , even today , videodisc continues to dominate all current applications .
the earliest interactive multimedia terminals ( imts ) were developed using videodisc technology and , even today , videodisc continues to dominate all current [suses] .

Not surprisingly , product sales account for most of the transaction applications , with sales of greeting cards , shoes , financial services , car accessories , furnishings and clothes being the among the most popular .
not surprisingly , product sales account for most of the transaction [suses] , with sales of greeting cards , shoes , financial services , car accessories , furnishings and clothes being the among the most popular .

The important distinguishing feature between applications in these different product categories is the value that a particular system can offer , both to customers and retailers .
the important distinguishing feature between [suses] in these different product categories is the value that a particular system can offer , both to customers and retailers .

The most common applications for information-only systems is product information , particularly and most obviously , in locations where the information reinforces in-store purchasing decisions .
the most common [suses] for information-only systems is product information , particularly and most obviously , in locations where the information reinforces in-store purchasing decisions .

Exhibit applications are popular and include multimedia information presentations in such locations as museums , art galleries , theme parks , trade shows and major trade fairs such as the various ‘ EXPOs ’ .
exhibit [suses] are popular and include multimedia information presentations in such locations as museums , art galleries , theme parks , trade shows and major trade fairs such as the various ‘ expos ’ .

The best interactive applications allow visitors to enjoy a sense of participation in the exhibits they have come to see .
the best interactive [suses] allow visitors to enjoy a sense of participation in the exhibits they have come to see .

Will videodisc technology continue to dominate in these applications ?
will videodisc technology continue to dominate in these [suses] ?

Organisations funding and developing current applications are less interested in debates about the underlying technologies than in the three commercial imperatives : functionality , availability and cost .
organisations funding and developing current [suses] are less interested in debates about the underlying technologies than in the three commercial imperatives : functionality , availability and cost .

6.2 Consumer Applications
6.2 consumer [suses]

Analogue though they may be , videodiscs have remained doggedly on the scene in a range of niche applications since the late 1970s .
analogue though they may be , videodiscs have remained doggedly on the scene in a range of niche [suses] since the late 1970s .

However , we have seen how electronic information media are finding increasing numbers of major applications in our schools , businesses and homes .
however , we have seen how electronic information media are finding increasing numbers of major [suses] in our schools , businesses and homes .

Powerful , established and loved as the printed word surely is , the emergence of electronic media can not possibly occur without serious impact on the applications and markets for printed information .
powerful , established and loved as the printed word surely is , the emergence of electronic media can not possibly occur without serious impact on the [suses] and markets for printed information .

The kinds of multimedia products involved are likely to be robust , read-only discs , ideal for loan applications .
the kinds of multimedia products involved are likely to be robust , read-only discs , ideal for loan [suses] .

Among the applications already being tested include the use of virtual reality in entertainment .
among the [suses] already being tested include the use of virtual reality in entertainment .

Addresses the full range of interactive media and their applications .
addresses the full range of interactive media and their [suses] .

Accustomed to having a job for life , they had no experience of writing grant applications and working under the pressure of uncertain funding .
accustomed to having a job for life , they had no experience of writing grant [suses] and working under the pressure of uncertain funding .

Japanese computer makers are turning to scientists overseas to help them develop software and applications for massively parallel supercomputers .
japanese computer makers are turning to scientists overseas to help them develop software and [suses] for massively parallel supercomputers .

Such properties are of interest to a range of practical applications including mapping and surveying , weather forecasting , agricultural crop yield estimation , forest management and geological exploration .
such properties are of interest to a range of practical [suses] including mapping and surveying , weather forecasting , agricultural crop yield estimation , forest management and geological exploration .

In some of these applications , remotely-sensed data in the form of air photographs are used .
in some of these [suses] , remotely-sensed data in the form of air photographs are used .

These satellites are in geostationary orbit and the images that they provide are used primarily in weather forecasting applications .
these satellites are in geostationary orbit and the images that they provide are used primarily in weather forecasting [suses] .

As more is learned about its capabilities and applications , partly from user experience , design changes are required to exploit the findings and cater for individual user needs .
as more is learned about its capabilities and [suses] , partly from user experience , design changes are required to exploit the findings and cater for individual user needs .

Our organic chemicals businesses have survived the recession very well by designing new products and identifying new applications .
our organic chemicals businesses have survived the recession very well by designing new products and identifying new [suses] .

Here 's now nine of the applicants ( one of the places is still being decided ) described themselves in their applications , together with some of their concerns , interests and plans for the future .
here 's now nine of the applicants ( one of the places is still being decided ) described themselves in their [suses] , together with some of their concerns , interests and plans for the future .

Conventional files are not usually shared between applications .
conventional files are not usually shared between [suses] .

This means that the data analysis stage is as crucial as the implementation stage of the computer applications .
this means that the data analysis stage is as crucial as the implementation stage of the computer [suses] .

Nevertheless , applications in many organisations have been built up piecemeal in an unorganised , often chaotic way .
nevertheless , [suses] in many organisations have been built up piecemeal in an unorganised , often chaotic way .

In following the above approaches , there may be a tendency to design in terms of applications which mirror the present requirements of the business .
in following the above approaches , there may be a tendency to design in terms of [suses] which mirror the present requirements of the business .

The importance of developing the database without regard to applications has already been stressed .
the importance of developing the database without regard to [suses] has already been stressed .

Applications requirements frequently change : data types and relationships are more stable .
[suses] requirements frequently change : data types and relationships are more stable .

Whilst doing so , the systems planning team must not lose sight of the overall plan , so that the benefits of the database approach , especially data sharing , can be achieved , and thus there can be better use of the information resource , greater flexibility in its use and an improved ability to meet new situations and applications .
whilst doing so , the systems planning team must not lose sight of the overall plan , so that the benefits of the database approach , especially data sharing , can be achieved , and thus there can be better use of the information resource , greater flexibility in its use and an improved ability to meet new situations and [suses] .

Conventional systems analysis procedures were applied to single applications that were the first to be computerised in the organisation .
conventional systems analysis procedures were applied to single [suses] that were the first to be computerised in the organisation .

When applications being developed are an integrated part of a total system , these techniques prove inadequate .
when [suses] being developed are an integrated part of a total system , these techniques prove inadequate .

In a database environment , many applications share the same data .
in a database environment , many [suses] share the same data .

Data modelling may be carted out as a step in conventional file applications .
data modelling may be carted out as a step in conventional file [suses] .

The emphasis has moved towards data because , if it can be made available in the correct form for applications , programming presents much less of a problem .
the emphasis has moved towards data because , if it can be made available in the correct form for [suses] , programming presents much less of a problem .

If a local entity analysis is carried out , the model can be mapped on to a database and applications applied to it before another local data analysis is started .
if a local entity analysis is carried out , the model can be mapped on to a database and [suses] applied to it before another local data analysis is started .

This way of seeing the development of databases can be misleading because it should not be implied that either each new generation will replace the previous generation ( all these systems will be used for some foreseeable time in the future ) or that each new generation is necessarily better than the previous one ( the appropriateness or otherwise of an approach will depend on the organisation and its applications ) .
this way of seeing the development of databases can be misleading because it should not be implied that either each new generation will replace the previous generation ( all these systems will be used for some foreseeable time in the future ) or that each new generation is necessarily better than the previous one ( the appropriateness or otherwise of an approach will depend on the organisation and its [suses] ) .

further , the object-oriented approach is likely to impact on data modelling , so that some database applications may be developed through object modelling ( rather than entity-relationship modelling and relational modelling ) mapped to object-oriented databases ( rather than relational databases ) .
further , the object-oriented approach is likely to impact on data modelling , so that some database [suses] may be developed through object modelling ( rather than entity-relationship modelling and relational modelling ) mapped to object-oriented databases ( rather than relational databases ) .

The first factor is important in that it brings some applications within the database world ( for example , computer aided design , computer aided manufacture , architectural design , software design ( Case ) and office automation ) , previously ill-served by relational databases because of the performance of relational database systems and because the relational model itself is unsuitable For those domains .
the first factor is important in that it brings some [suses] within the database world ( for example , computer aided design , computer aided manufacture , architectural design , software design ( case ) and office automation ) , previously ill-served by relational databases because of the performance of relational database systems and because the relational model itself is unsuitable for those domains .

The object model more naturally represents their real world ( the relational model proves particularly suitable for data processing and accounting applications ) .
the object model more naturally represents their real world ( the relational model proves particularly suitable for data processing and accounting [suses] ) .

Indeed , many argue that its concepts allow even complex situations to be expressed easily and naturally and that the associated techniques and tools enable the construction of complex software systems for those applications .
indeed , many argue that its concepts allow even complex situations to be expressed easily and naturally and that the associated techniques and tools enable the construction of complex software systems for those [suses] .

It can therefore be processed sequentially , and this may be best for some of the applications which use the file .
it can therefore be processed sequentially , and this may be best for some of the [suses] which use the file .

In some applications the list structure has serious drawbacks .
in some [suses] the list structure has serious drawbacks .

Implementing Applications
implementing [suses]

In a database environment , many applications are large operational systems , such as sales order processing , sales ledger , production control , stock control , and invoicing .
in a database environment , many [suses] are large operational systems , such as sales order processing , sales ledger , production control , stock control , and invoicing .

Sets of data which may be required in a number of applications need not be collected more than once .
sets of data which may be required in a number of [suses] need not be collected more than once .

further , modifications to applications are likely to be much easier to make , because files are external to the program .
further , modifications to [suses] are likely to be much easier to make , because files are external to the program .

The database approach is long term and costly , and therefore top management should not risk its failure by sticking to outdated methods of applications development .
the database approach is long term and costly , and therefore top management should not risk its failure by sticking to outdated methods of [suses] development .

The failure of one application could jeopardise all applications .
the failure of one application could jeopardise all [suses] .

For this reason it is essential to pay regard to different methods of applications development .
for this reason it is essential to pay regard to different methods of [suses] development .

Participation and prototyping could be used independently in some applications and in others it may be appropriate to use the conventional approach modified by incorporating these tools and techniques .
participation and prototyping could be used independently in some [suses] and in others it may be appropriate to use the conventional approach modified by incorporating these tools and techniques .

Similarly , the techniques and tools of structured systems analysis can be incorporated into the conventional approach or can be seen as forming part of an alternative methodology for applications development .
similarly , the techniques and tools of structured systems analysis can be incorporated into the conventional approach or can be seen as forming part of an alternative methodology for [suses] development .

Systems analysts are trained in and knowledgeable of the technological and economic aspects of computer applications but far more rarely on the human aspects which are at least as important .
systems analysts are trained in and knowledgeable of the technological and economic aspects of computer [suses] but far more rarely on the human aspects which are at least as important .

These reactions against a new computer system may stem from a number of reasons , largely historical , but they will have to be corrected or allowed for if future computer applications are going to succeed .
these reactions against a new computer system may stem from a number of reasons , largely historical , but they will have to be corrected or allowed for if future computer [suses] are going to succeed .

In any case , the track record of computer applications — missed cutover dates , greater costs , fewer benefits , and designs which seem to be very different from that promised — should have led to reduced salaries and status , not the opposite .
in any case , the track record of computer [suses] — missed cutover dates , greater costs , fewer benefits , and designs which seem to be very different from that promised — should have led to reduced salaries and status , not the opposite .

Somehow these barters have to be broken down if computer applications are really going to succeed .
somehow these barters have to be broken down if computer [suses] are really going to succeed .

Managers are now therefore far more likely to demand sophisticated computer applications and to play a leading role in their development and implementation .
managers are now therefore far more likely to demand sophisticated computer [suses] and to play a leading role in their development and implementation .

The information centre alternative can speed up the development of applications and maintenance ( as the users should be able to maintain the systems as well as develop them ) .
the information centre alternative can speed up the development of [suses] and maintenance ( as the users should be able to maintain the systems as well as develop them ) .

On the other hand , care has to be taken to prevent the scope of applications being limited , as users can not be expected to know all the possibilities that computers offer .
on the other hand , care has to be taken to prevent the scope of [suses] being limited , as users can not be expected to know all the possibilities that computers offer .

It should not be the intention of the data processing department to ‘ wash their hands of the applications ’ if the major role in decision-making related to their development rests with the users .
it should not be the intention of the data processing department to ‘ wash their hands of the [suses] ’ if the major role in decision-making related to their development rests with the users .

Several applications of this general principle will be found in the ensuing chapters .
several [suses] of this general principle will be found in the ensuing chapters .

This chapter reviews research into handwriting recognition and natural language applications that involve syntactic knowledge of some description . This chapter will provide
this chapter reviews research into handwriting recognition and natural language [suses] that involve syntactic knowledge of some description . this chapter will provide

Practical Applications Of Linguistic Processing .
practical [suses] of linguistic processing .

There have been a number of practical ( large coverage ) computational applications which have utilised linguistic information .
there have been a number of practical ( large coverage ) computational [suses] which have utilised linguistic information .

The most common of these applications are machine translation , information retrieval and human-computer interfaces .
the most common of these [suses] are machine translation , information retrieval and human-computer interfaces .

Two applications have been developed within this field — text retrieval and question-answering systems .
two [suses] have been developed within this field — text retrieval and question-answering systems .

The development of a natural language interface to a database has proved to be more tractable than other applications .
the development of a natural language interface to a database has proved to be more tractable than other [suses] .

The type of language used for such applications is typically very simple ( Diaper , 1988 ) .
the type of language used for such [suses] is typically very simple ( diaper , 1988 ) .

Since ‘ real world ’ applications require the lexicon to contain entries for tens of thousands of words it is also necessary to consider how large the available lexicon is , the format of the entries and how much effort would be required to create new entries .
since ‘ real world ’ [suses] require the lexicon to contain entries for tens of thousands of words it is also necessary to consider how large the available lexicon is , the format of the entries and how much effort would be required to create new entries .

However the use of statistical techniques in linguistics fell from general use apart from a few ‘ marginal ’ applications .
however the use of statistical techniques in linguistics fell from general use apart from a few ‘ marginal ’ [suses] .

The investigation of syntactic relations in this way is much less common than semantic relations . There are two main applications for which this approach has been used :
the investigation of syntactic relations in this way is much less common than semantic relations . there are two main [suses] for which this approach has been used :

Although corpora are costly to develop , once in existence they provide a valuable resource as evidenced by the number of different applications that utilise corpora .
although corpora are costly to develop , once in existence they provide a valuable resource as evidenced by the number of different [suses] that utilise corpora .

These applications including corpus tagging , speech recognition , statistical parsing , studies of language development , machine translation , dictionary production and testing of language systems .
these [suses] including corpus tagging , speech recognition , statistical parsing , studies of language development , machine translation , dictionary production and testing of language systems .

Practical applications exist for text processors of limited parsing capability .
practical [suses] exist for text processors of limited parsing capability .

Exceptions to this tend to be the simpler systems such as those used in text to speech applications .
exceptions to this tend to be the simpler systems such as those used in text to speech [suses] .

There are applications for which a generative grammar would be better suited than a probabilistic one .
there are [suses] for which a generative grammar would be better suited than a probabilistic one .

Briscoe ( 1991 ) concedes the importance of statistically-based methods for a number of practical applications such as part-of-speech tagging and the derivation of surface collocations .
briscoe ( 1991 ) concedes the importance of statistically-based methods for a number of practical [suses] such as part-of-speech tagging and the derivation of surface collocations .

Within sublanguage applications a generative approach may be of more use than a probabilistic method .
within sublanguage [suses] a generative approach may be of more use than a probabilistic method .

As an engineer , with a craftsperson 's interest in machines , he could not believe that they were the real villains of the piece and he set about looking for the deeper fault underlying their applications .
as an engineer , with a craftsperson 's interest in machines , he could not believe that they were the real villains of the piece and he set about looking for the deeper fault underlying their [suses] .

His job applications got nowhere .
his job [suses] got nowhere .

He thumbed through the applications in a knowledgeable manner and made critical comments in imitation of his superiors .
he thumbed through the [suses] in a knowledgeable manner and made critical comments in imitation of his superiors .

Gentleman knows , and there were three applications for leave to move for judicial review .
gentleman knows , and there were three [suses] for leave to move for judicial review .

How on earth is it that , in London , where teaching hospitals are so highly regarded , the issue of trust status has been postponed indefinitely , but in Foresterhill a key teaching hospital is being asked to take trust status ? How much money has his Department spent in conjunction with the health board on those applications ? How much money is being spent on future applications ? How many are in the pipeline and how many are on his desk ?
how on earth is it that , in london , where teaching hospitals are so highly regarded , the issue of trust status has been postponed indefinitely , but in foresterhill a key teaching hospital is being asked to take trust status ? how much money has his department spent in conjunction with the health board on those [suses] ? how much money is being spent on future [suses] ? how many are in the pipeline and how many are on his desk ?

She referred to some applications in London with which she is especially preoccupied .
she referred to some [suses] in london with which she is especially preoccupied .

Most such applications come from people who , because of physical disabilities that are mostly associated with age , can no longer cope in their homes as currently structured .
most such [suses] come from people who , because of physical disabilities that are mostly associated with age , can no longer cope in their homes as currently structured .

The applications can not be processed by the Housing Executive unless they have been assessed by occupational therapists from the Department of Health and unless recommendations are made by the occupational therapy department .
the [suses] can not be processed by the housing executive unless they have been assessed by occupational therapists from the department of health and unless recommendations are made by the occupational therapy department .

They can not be a priority if applications are so heavily burdened with bureaucratic requirements .
they can not be a priority if [suses] are so heavily burdened with bureaucratic requirements .

They have far too big an area to cover and far too many applications to deal with .
they have far too big an area to cover and far too many [suses] to deal with .

The people who make applications are not in a position to know who is warranted and who is not .
the people who make [suses] are not in a position to know who is warranted and who is not .

Parliament has made local planning authorities responsible for day-to-day planning control , including the determination of planning applications and the initiating of enforcement action .
parliament has made local planning authorities responsible for day-to-day planning control , including the determination of planning [suses] and the initiating of enforcement action .

The second circumstance is that planning legislation has given the Secretary of State the power to take applications out of the hands of local planning authorities and to decide them himself .
the second circumstance is that planning legislation has given the secretary of state the power to take [suses] out of the hands of local planning authorities and to decide them himself .

When the Secretary of State made his recent announcement in the House of the second wave of trust applications and approved in principle applications for the four London teaching hospitals he said that , in the interim , until the review was completed , they would benefit from the advantages that could flow from greater local hospital management devolution . If that is a benefit short of trust status , why is it necessary to force through trust status while encouraging local hospital management and in so doing to bring the assets , the buildings and the personnel out of local health service management ? Why is that superior simply to having better efficiency through greater local management ?
when the secretary of state made his recent announcement in the house of the second wave of trust [suses] and approved in principle [suses] for the four london teaching hospitals he said that , in the interim , until the review was completed , they would benefit from the advantages that could flow from greater local hospital management devolution . if that is a benefit short of trust status , why is it necessary to force through trust status while encouraging local hospital management and in so doing to bring the assets , the buildings and the personnel out of local health service management ? why is that superior simply to having better efficiency through greater local management ?

Is my right hon. Friend aware of the widespread concern at the large number of people seeking political asylum ? Is he further aware that in a city such as Birmingham , where problems arise over bringing families into the United Kingdom , there is widespread disgust and dismay at the high number of bogus asylum applications ?
is my right hon. friend aware of the widespread concern at the large number of people seeking political asylum ? is he further aware that in a city such as birmingham , where problems arise over bringing families into the united kingdom , there is widespread disgust and dismay at the high number of bogus asylum [suses] ?

This country has a long tradition of accepting genuine political refugees , but there is no doubt that the fact that three quarters of all applications are made by people who have been living in this country for weeks , months and , in some cases , years , is tantamount to an abuse of the system .
this country has a long tradition of accepting genuine political refugees , but there is no doubt that the fact that three quarters of all [suses] are made by people who have been living in this country for weeks , months and , in some cases , years , is tantamount to an abuse of the system .

Does my right hon. Friend agree that the greatest injustice to genuine asylum seekers is to be found in the enormously long delays that occur in the processing of applications ? What steps has my right hon. Friend taken to reduce those delays ?
does my right hon. friend agree that the greatest injustice to genuine asylum seekers is to be found in the enormously long delays that occur in the processing of [suses] ? what steps has my right hon. friend taken to reduce those delays ?

The regulations do not impose any specific requirements on how local education authorities should treat people ordinarily resident in the United Kingdom when considering their applications for discretionary awards .
the regulations do not impose any specific requirements on how local education authorities should treat people ordinarily resident in the united kingdom when considering their [suses] for discretionary awards .

Will the Secretary of State confirm that he has already decided to refuse the trust application from the Royal Scottish National hospital at Larbert and to suspend the applications from Foresterhill and Ayrshire South hospitals , designating them as shadow trusts , whatever that means ? When will the Secretary of State make a decision and give us an answer on that most important issue ?
will the secretary of state confirm that he has already decided to refuse the trust application from the royal scottish national hospital at larbert and to suspend the [suses] from foresterhill and ayrshire south hospitals , designating them as shadow trusts , whatever that means ? when will the secretary of state make a decision and give us an answer on that most important issue ?

The right hon. Gentleman has said that in reaching his decision he would have to take account of the quality of the representations . Does he think that such an argument will help him , given that the objections come from the doctors , nurses and auxiliaries , who are themselves the health of the hospital , and who will be responsible for its continuing health ? Is the right hon. Gentleman aware of the theory that he would be happy to drop the whole unhappy business , but that his Minister responsible for health takes a different view ? Is it right that the future of the hospitals should depend on an undignified ideological tug-of-war in the Scottish Office bunker ? When will the right hon. Gentleman summon up the courage to make a decision on the applications ?
the right hon. gentleman has said that in reaching his decision he would have to take account of the quality of the representations . does he think that such an argument will help him , given that the objections come from the doctors , nurses and auxiliaries , who are themselves the health of the hospital , and who will be responsible for its continuing health ? is the right hon. gentleman aware of the theory that he would be happy to drop the whole unhappy business , but that his minister responsible for health takes a different view ? is it right that the future of the hospitals should depend on an undignified ideological tug-of-war in the scottish office bunker ? when will the right hon. gentleman summon up the courage to make a decision on the [suses] ?

Gentleman overlooks the fact that the applications originate from the people who run the hospitals , because of the advantages that are to be had , through local management , for local people .
gentleman overlooks the fact that the [suses] originate from the people who run the hospitals , because of the advantages that are to be had , through local management , for local people .

To ask the Secretary of State for Health what representations he has received in connection with applications for national health service trust status from within the Sheffield health authority .
to ask the secretary of state for health what representations he has received in connection with [suses] for national health service trust status from within the sheffield health authority .

The Passport Agency has been very successful this year in speeding up the processing of passport applications .
the passport agency has been very successful this year in speeding up the processing of passport [suses] .

Gentleman might suggest that his constituents make their applications by post , as most other people do .
gentleman might suggest that his constituents make their [suses] by post , as most other people do .

To ask the Secretary of State for Education and Science how many applications for student loans have been processed since their introduction .
to ask the secretary of state for education and science how many [suses] for student loans have been processed since their introduction .

The rate of applications for student loans this year is almost double what it was a year ago , recruitment to higher education is soaring and student numbers have increased by 10 per cent .
the rate of [suses] for student loans this year is almost double what it was a year ago , recruitment to higher education is soaring and student numbers have increased by 10 per cent .

To ask the Secretary of State for Education and Science how many secondary schools in the London borough of Hillingdon have now been approved for grant-maintained status and how many applications are still outstanding .
to ask the secretary of state for education and science how many secondary schools in the london borough of hillingdon have now been approved for grant-maintained status and how many [suses] are still outstanding .

There are no outstanding applications .
there are no outstanding [suses] .

Will the Minister respond positively by stating that he will grant both applications to allow that small number of people to be retained in my constituency ?
will the minister respond positively by stating that he will grant both [suses] to allow that small number of people to be retained in my constituency ?

He will also be aware that arrangements are in place for the liquidators to aid banks in their assessment of applications made by small businesses and personal customers for alternative facilities .
he will also be aware that arrangements are in place for the liquidators to aid banks in their assessment of [suses] made by small businesses and personal customers for alternative facilities .

My Department is writing to all those who have been registered as objectors to the applications , with details of the arrangements .
my department is writing to all those who have been registered as objectors to the [suses] , with details of the arrangements .

Does my hon. Friend agree that our achievements in that aspect of education could not be better illustrated than by that which pertains in Nottinghamshire , where the university now has the highest ratio of applications to available places and where Nottingham polytechnic , which is soon to be a university , is planning to increase its capacity over the next couple of years to 16,000 student places ? Is not that real success in higher education ?
does my hon. friend agree that our achievements in that aspect of education could not be better illustrated than by that which pertains in nottinghamshire , where the university now has the highest ratio of [suses] to available places and where nottingham polytechnic , which is soon to be a university , is planning to increase its capacity over the next couple of years to 16,000 student places ? is not that real success in higher education ?

Does my hon. Friend agree that the principal attraction of grant-maintained schools is not the additional funding that they receive but the greater independence from the LEAs that they then enjoy ? Does he further agree that , following the re-election of the Conservative party to office after the next general election , there will be an avalanche of applications from state schools seeking grant-maintained status ?
does my hon. friend agree that the principal attraction of grant-maintained schools is not the additional funding that they receive but the greater independence from the leas that they then enjoy ? does he further agree that , following the re-election of the conservative party to office after the next general election , there will be an avalanche of [suses] from state schools seeking grant-maintained status ?

To ask the Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs what definition of the geographical extent of Europe will be used when considering the applications of other countries to join the Community .
to ask the secretary of state for foreign and commonwealth affairs what definition of the geographical extent of europe will be used when considering the [suses] of other countries to join the community .

As for potential largesse , there is no lack of applications for any that there might be .
as for potential largesse , there is no lack of [suses] for any that there might be .

About 280 applications have already been received .
about 280 [suses] have already been received .

We expect to receive details of applications from all those eligible , including West Yorkshire , later this month , and to make decisions by the end of March .
we expect to receive details of [suses] from all those eligible , including west yorkshire , later this month , and to make decisions by the end of march .

It is not generally known that there are more than 1,000 applications a week at the Home Office for political asylum from new arrivals .
it is not generally known that there are more than 1,000 [suses] a week at the home office for political asylum from new arrivals .

This year Germany expects to receive applications amounting not to 50,000 , which is the rate approached by the United Kingdom , but 250,000 non-German speaking refugees .
this year germany expects to receive [suses] amounting not to 50,000 , which is the rate approached by the united kingdom , but 250,000 non-german speaking refugees .

The planning applications were initially made to the three district councils directly affected .
the planning [suses] were initially made to the three district councils directly affected .

Friend the Secretary of State for the Environment to call in these applications for his own decision .
friend the secretary of state for the environment to call in these [suses] for his own decision .

In the interim , as an earnest of the importance that we attach to this matter , my Department has today issued article 14 directions to prevent the county councils from granting permission for the applications for the time being .
in the interim , as an earnest of the importance that we attach to this matter , my department has today issued article 14 directions to prevent the county councils from granting permission for the [suses] for the time being .

Local authorities will have to check the applications of those claiming discounts .
local authorities will have to check the [suses] of those claiming discounts .

The right hon. Gentleman will recall that , when his predecessor introduced the Immigration Act 1987 , he talked about providing a better customer service from Lunar house in Croydon . Does he not share part of the responsibility for the Government 's failure to allocate more resources to deal with asylum applications at least four year ago when the problem first arose ? Does he accept that what he has announced is not sufficient to deal with the applications from asylum seekers , let alone with other immigration applications which are bottling up Lunar house ?
the right hon. gentleman will recall that , when his predecessor introduced the immigration act 1987 , he talked about providing a better customer service from lunar house in croydon . does he not share part of the responsibility for the government 's failure to allocate more resources to deal with asylum [suses] at least four year ago when the problem first arose ? does he accept that what he has announced is not sufficient to deal with the [suses] from asylum seekers , let alone with other immigration [suses] which are bottling up lunar house ?

Will the Home Secretary admit that the problem of bogus applications , and there are some , is entirely the responsibility of the Government , in that the enormous delays in processing applications , which cause great fear for real refugees , have encouraged bogus organisers of fraudulent claims , such as the friend of the hon .
will the home secretary admit that the problem of bogus [suses] , and there are some , is entirely the responsibility of the government , in that the enormous delays in processing [suses] , which cause great fear for real refugees , have encouraged bogus organisers of fraudulent claims , such as the friend of the hon .

Has he forgotten , in just an hour and a half , the pleasure that he gave to his own backwoodsmen by telling stories about multiple applications ?
has he forgotten , in just an hour and a half , the pleasure that he gave to his own backwoodsmen by telling stories about multiple [suses] ?

Cases are taking 16 months or more , with a backlog of 60,000 , and this must be rectified , especially as , we have been told , the number of applications has increased by 10 times in four years — from 5,000 in 1988 to 50,000 this year .
cases are taking 16 months or more , with a backlog of 60,000 , and this must be rectified , especially as , we have been told , the number of [suses] has increased by 10 times in four years — from 5,000 in 1988 to 50,000 this year .

Applications for leave to appeal must be made within 48 hours of the asylum seeker receiving notice that the application has been refused .
[suses] for leave to appeal must be made within 48 hours of the asylum seeker receiving notice that the application has been refused .

Members on both sides have argued that the processing of applications takes an awfully long time .
members on both sides have argued that the processing of [suses] takes an awfully long time .

In the past , however , insufficient priority has been given to processing such applications .
in the past , however , insufficient priority has been given to processing such [suses] .

Many of those applicants do not understand the system and they are misled about their applications .
many of those applicants do not understand the system and they are misled about their [suses] .

Applications for asylum should not be accepted from nationals of certain countries .
[suses] for asylum should not be accepted from nationals of certain countries .

If we did that , we could probably reduce the number of applications by about 75 per cent .
if we did that , we could probably reduce the number of [suses] by about 75 per cent .

If an asylum claim that is not justified under the United Nations convention is to be the means of obtaining settlement in the United Kingdom , we need at the very least to explain , particularly to the minority communities legitimately settled here , why their friends and relatives who would like to come and join them are not allowed to do so because they told the truth when they made their applications , whereas others who are prepared to make an unfounded asylum claim can remain indefinitely .
if an asylum claim that is not justified under the united nations convention is to be the means of obtaining settlement in the united kingdom , we need at the very least to explain , particularly to the minority communities legitimately settled here , why their friends and relatives who would like to come and join them are not allowed to do so because they told the truth when they made their [suses] , whereas others who are prepared to make an unfounded asylum claim can remain indefinitely .

Paragraph 8 , which enables some applications to be considered in a group , was raised by several hon .
paragraph 8 , which enables some [suses] to be considered in a group , was raised by several hon .

’ Increasingly the Regulation was being interpreted in a way which was much wider than intended with applications for review becoming ever more speculative .
’ increasingly the regulation was being interpreted in a way which was much wider than intended with [suses] for review becoming ever more speculative .

As a result in some areas the ability of local officers to deal with other customers was being affected by the number of review applications .
as a result in some areas the ability of local officers to deal with other customers was being affected by the number of review [suses] .

In his letter to me of 14 October , the Secretary of State said that the number of review applications would ’ have seriously impaired the ability of the Agency to deliver a proper service . ’
in his letter to me of 14 october , the secretary of state said that the number of review [suses] would ’ have seriously impaired the ability of the agency to deliver a proper service . ’

That is an absurd claim when , irrespective of the regulation that we are discussing , there are regular delays of between two and four hours for routine applications to social security offices .
that is an absurd claim when , irrespective of the regulation that we are discussing , there are regular delays of between two and four hours for routine [suses] to social security offices .

It seems that it is being said that , with the onset of the campaigns , the Department feared a flood of ’ non-specific applications ’ and therefore withdrew the original regulations and laid new regulations , to come into force the following day .
it seems that it is being said that , with the onset of the campaigns , the department feared a flood of ’ non-specific [suses] ’ and therefore withdrew the original regulations and laid new regulations , to come into force the following day .

The background is at odds with his claim that he wants people to make applications .
the background is at odds with his claim that he wants people to make [suses] .

It seems that , with the hint of campaigns in unspecified areas , with no details of the number of applications , the Department took the unusual step that we are discussing — an unusual one on its own admission .
it seems that , with the hint of campaigns in unspecified areas , with no details of the number of [suses] , the department took the unusual step that we are discussing — an unusual one on its own admission .

Will the Minister give us an assurance that genuine applications that are encouraged by take-up campaigns are not subjected to discrimination in terms of the length of time taken for their assessment ? Why is it that , in Greenock and Port Glasgow , genuine claims for disability benefit in respect of vibration white finger are almost always forced to an appeal ? That is disgraceful .
will the minister give us an assurance that genuine [suses] that are encouraged by take-up campaigns are not subjected to discrimination in terms of the length of time taken for their assessment ? why is it that , in greenock and port glasgow , genuine claims for disability benefit in respect of vibration white finger are almost always forced to an appeal ? that is disgraceful .

However , we are aware of campaigns that have resulted in tens of thousands of applications .
however , we are aware of campaigns that have resulted in tens of thousands of [suses] .

How can people be expected to submit detailed applications when , for a variety of social reasons and through no fault of their own , they do not have the wherewithal , information and literacy to express themselves ?
how can people be expected to submit detailed [suses] when , for a variety of social reasons and through no fault of their own , they do not have the wherewithal , information and literacy to express themselves ?

As there are two separate applications — one for the King 's Cross project and one for the high-speed link — it is difficult to see how the two environmental assessments can be taken together .
as there are two separate [suses] — one for the king 's cross project and one for the high-speed link — it is difficult to see how the two environmental assessments can be taken together .

The problem is precisely that the two applications , which will be the subject of two separate Bills , are being considered separately .
the problem is precisely that the two [suses] , which will be the subject of two separate bills , are being considered separately .

The Society is still receiving applications for membership , one of the most recent being from Australia .
the society is still receiving [suses] for membership , one of the most recent being from australia .

Nevertheless the general approach laid down in Rogers v. Parish ( Scarborough ) Ltd. applies equally to second-hand vehicles Business Applications Specialists Ltd. v. Nationwide Credit Corpn .
nevertheless the general approach laid down in rogers v. parish ( scarborough ) ltd. applies equally to second-hand vehicles business [suses] specialists ltd. v. nationwide credit corpn .

The applications of this principle extend over almost every field of economic inquiry .
the [suses] of this principle extend over almost every field of economic inquiry .

re-examining and evaluating existing applications of the approach with a view to bringing out what has been achieved that could not have been derived by other methods
re-examining and evaluating existing [suses] of the approach with a view to bringing out what has been achieved that could not have been derived by other methods

It has become clear that the majority of computer tasks required by scientific and commercial applications share many properties and these properties can be analysed mathematically .
it has become clear that the majority of computer tasks required by scientific and commercial [suses] share many properties and these properties can be analysed mathematically .

Reflecting local interests and expertise , the project will focus on the analysis of point maps , and will emphasise applications to the geographical distribution of disease .
reflecting local interests and expertise , the project will focus on the analysis of point maps , and will emphasise [suses] to the geographical distribution of disease .

An improved understanding of the sources of everyday likes and dislikes would be of lasting theoretical importance in psychology , and might also have practical applications in education , product design and marketing , broadcasting , and leisure industries .
an improved understanding of the sources of everyday likes and dislikes would be of lasting theoretical importance in psychology , and might also have practical [suses] in education , product design and marketing , broadcasting , and leisure industries .

Computer applications in local authority planning departments
computer [suses] in local authority planning departments

The objectives of this project are to open up new theoretical insights and practical applications in the field of industrial fault diagnosis by investigating the advantages and disadvantages of a major departure from the way in which the diagnostic problem
the objectives of this project are to open up new theoretical insights and practical [suses] in the field of industrial fault diagnosis by investigating the advantages and disadvantages of a major departure from the way in which the diagnostic problem

Applications of fine-grain measures of efficiency and accuracy of fault-diagnosis based on the notion of consistent fault set ;
[suses] of fine-grain measures of efficiency and accuracy of fault-diagnosis based on the notion of consistent fault set ;

For most domestic applications , a 75mm ( 3in ) seal is required ; shallow traps ( 38mm to 50mm or l½in to 2in ) should be used only on two-pipe systems where there is limited space — under a bath or shower tray , for instance .
for most domestic [suses] , a 75mm ( 3in ) seal is required ; shallow traps ( 38mm to 50mm or l½in to 2in ) should be used only on two-pipe systems where there is limited space — under a bath or shower tray , for instance .

Some applications of natural language indexing based upon titles of documents have already been considered in Chapter 11 .
some [suses] of natural language indexing based upon titles of documents have already been considered in chapter 11 .

This chapter is relatively succinct and goes little further than identifying the major ideas concerning classification theory that have emerged during the twentieth century and before , and indicating their applications . There are , in summary , two important applications for classification theory :
this chapter is relatively succinct and goes little further than identifying the major ideas concerning classification theory that have emerged during the twentieth century and before , and indicating their [suses] . there are , in summary , two important [suses] for classification theory :

The Tables remove the need to list ‘ common subdivisions ’ in each of the many places where they might be applied ; indeed , one list suffices for applications with respect to many different subjects .
the tables remove the need to list ‘ common subdivisions ’ in each of the many places where they might be applied ; indeed , one list suffices for [suses] with respect to many different subjects .

Apart from the separately published special classification schemes , there are also many local variations of general classification schemes in use for special applications .
apart from the separately published special classification schemes , there are also many local variations of general classification schemes in use for special [suses] .

Apart from its undoubted value in its own right , Sears ' provides a valuable model or point of departure for others wishing to devise alphabetical subject headings lists for applications in which Sears ' itself would not be appropriate .
apart from its undoubted value in its own right , sears ' provides a valuable model or point of departure for others wishing to devise alphabetical subject headings lists for [suses] in which sears ' itself would not be appropriate .

It is potentially important both with regard to making the compilation of thesauri for specific applications easier , and also with regard to enhancing the similarities between lists for different applications .
it is potentially important both with regard to making the compilation of thesauri for specific [suses] easier , and also with regard to enhancing the similarities between lists for different [suses] .

Only severe economic pressure will eliminate them from these applications .
only severe economic pressure will eliminate them from these [suses] .

The first moves towards enlarging the Community came during 1961 and 1962 with the applications of Britain , Denmark , Ireland and Norway .
the first moves towards enlarging the community came during 1961 and 1962 with the [suses] of britain , denmark , ireland and norway .

These applications were vetoed at the time by de Gaulle and his allies , and this veto was upheld in 1967 at the time of their second application .
these [suses] were vetoed at the time by de gaulle and his allies , and this veto was upheld in 1967 at the time of their second application .

The countries whose applications for membership are officially on the table at the time of writing are Austria ( which applied as long ago as 1989 ) , Sweden , Finland , Malta , Cyprus and Turkey .
the countries whose [suses] for membership are officially on the table at the time of writing are austria ( which applied as long ago as 1989 ) , sweden , finland , malta , cyprus and turkey .

Two important factors underpin these applications .
two important factors underpin these [suses] .

One of the first and most dramatic applications of rational expectations was to a flexible-price version of Friedman 's ( 1968 ) natural rate hypothesis .
one of the first and most dramatic [suses] of rational expectations was to a flexible-price version of friedman 's ( 1968 ) natural rate hypothesis .

We have used a simple model to illustrate the Lucas critique , but since the point is an important one with wide applications it is worth stating it more generally .
we have used a simple model to illustrate the lucas critique , but since the point is an important one with wide [suses] it is worth stating it more generally .

It has also discussed further applications and some extensions of these models .
it has also discussed further [suses] and some extensions of these models .

5 . Possible applications
5 . possible [suses]

The class of games analyzed above seem to have a number of possible applications to economics .
the class of games analyzed above seem to have a number of possible [suses] to economics .

In consequence some authors suggest that the conventionally applied log-normal probability law is not suitable for universal applications in grain size analysis .
in consequence some authors suggest that the conventionally applied log-normal probability law is not suitable for universal [suses] in grain size analysis .

For critical applications , the progress of etching can be observed with a binocular microscope ( with a clear plastic bag tied over the optics to prevent corrosion from acid spray ) .
for critical [suses] , the progress of etching can be observed with a binocular microscope ( with a clear plastic bag tied over the optics to prevent corrosion from acid spray ) .

Cathodoluminescence has several general applications in sedimentology :
cathodoluminescence has several general [suses] in sedimentology :

We need to look more closely at the applications of mathematics and to consider using mathematics to challenge racist assumptions .
we need to look more closely at the [suses] of mathematics and to consider using mathematics to challenge racist assumptions .

Extending the curriculum to include a range of applications which more adequately than at present represents the kinds of human endeavour where mathematics is used would be another such change , with fewer examples involving ballistics and war , for instance , and more involving such activities as working with fabrics , designing appliances for the disabled or looking at the school canteen 's queuing problems .
extending the curriculum to include a range of [suses] which more adequately than at present represents the kinds of human endeavour where mathematics is used would be another such change , with fewer examples involving ballistics and war , for instance , and more involving such activities as working with fabrics , designing appliances for the disabled or looking at the school canteen 's queuing problems .

Chinese examples stress agricultural and military applications ; a Cuban textbook asks children to find ‘ the average monthly number of violations of Cuban air-space by North American airplanes ’ ; Russian children are asked about collective farms ; East German children have a similarity problem about a tower in Berlin and a bigger one in Moscow .
chinese examples stress agricultural and military [suses] ; a cuban textbook asks children to find ‘ the average monthly number of violations of cuban air-space by north american airplanes ’ ; russian children are asked about collective farms ; east german children have a similarity problem about a tower in berlin and a bigger one in moscow .

Applications depend greatly on the flexibility of the program used .
[suses] depend greatly on the flexibility of the program used .

It was a mystery to know how the judges made their decisions , they were all so good ( indeed , the 28 had been culled from over 100 initial applications ) .
it was a mystery to know how the judges made their decisions , they were all so good ( indeed , the 28 had been culled from over 100 initial [suses] ) .

1 . Monitoring of planning applications in all the Regions of Scotland , especially those relating to roads , transport , parking etc , and putting in amendments and objections where needed ;
1 . monitoring of planning [suses] in all the regions of scotland , especially those relating to roads , transport , parking etc , and putting in amendments and objections where needed ;

During the year we have combined the sales and marketing strengths of Johnson Matthey and Emissionsteknik to promote diesel control systems for use on road vehicles and for off-road applications .
during the year we have combined the sales and marketing strengths of johnson matthey and emissionsteknik to promote diesel control systems for use on road vehicles and for off-road [suses] .

gold and silver high purity bars and grain for industrial applications and investment
gold and silver high purity bars and grain for industrial [suses] and investment

Recent investment in manufacturing capacity and quality systems has paid off with an increased share in the markets for sputtering targets , metal seal lids for semiconductor packages and fabricated metal products for electronic applications .
recent investment in manufacturing capacity and quality systems has paid off with an increased share in the markets for sputtering targets , metal seal lids for semiconductor packages and fabricated metal products for electronic [suses] .

Initial applications in the glass melting industry have been well received by customers .
initial [suses] in the glass melting industry have been well received by customers .

It was felt that the application does not fall within the Structure Plan and to allow it would create a precedent and make other similar applications difficult to refuse .
it was felt that the application does not fall within the structure plan and to allow it would create a precedent and make other similar [suses] difficult to refuse .

The majority of the Parish Council felt that their comments on applications 02/91/1443 and 02/92/0124 ( for an agricultural worker 's dwelling on the same site ) still apply to the present application .
the majority of the parish council felt that their comments on [suses] 02/91/1443 and 02/92/0124 ( for an agricultural worker 's dwelling on the same site ) still apply to the present application .

On a nearby site there are several masts which have increased in number over the years and if this application is granted it could create a precedent and make other future applications difficult to refuse .
on a nearby site there are several masts which have increased in number over the years and if this application is granted it could create a precedent and make other future [suses] difficult to refuse .

It was also felt that the views of Parish Councillors should carry more weight with the Borough Council on local matters in particular planning applications .
it was also felt that the views of parish councillors should carry more weight with the borough council on local matters in particular planning [suses] .

Planning Applications 02/93/0552 and 02/93/0553 Restoration Scorton Quarry
planning [suses] 02/93/0552 and 02/93/0553 restoration scorton quarry

Thank you for the sending copies of the above planning applications .
thank you for the sending copies of the above planning [suses] .

Information Technology : Office Applications
information technology : office [suses]

The modules in each sub-group have been written generically and have applications to a wide range of games and sports , aquatics , outdoor pursuits and dance forms .
the modules in each sub-group have been written generically and have [suses] to a wide range of games and sports , aquatics , outdoor pursuits and dance forms .

Throughout the new Sciences provision the emphasis is on the development of scientific attitudes and the vocational applications of science .
throughout the new sciences provision the emphasis is on the development of scientific attitudes and the vocational [suses] of science .

In the most recent annual report of the Commissioner , which reports on her activities during the period 1 April 1991 to 31 March 1992 , it can be seen that the Commissioner received 345 enquiries and 64 formal applications for assistance .
in the most recent annual report of the commissioner , which reports on her activities during the period 1 april 1991 to 31 march 1992 , it can be seen that the commissioner received 345 enquiries and 64 formal [suses] for assistance .

These figures show that the number of applications received almost doubled , and that enquiries increased by 48 % , compared to the previous year 's figures .
these figures show that the number of [suses] received almost doubled , and that enquiries increased by 48 % , compared to the previous year 's figures .

Of the 64 formal applications received , were out of scope , 5 applications were dropped by the applicants , 4 were under consideration when the report was written , and 22 applicants were not assisted .
of the 64 formal [suses] received , were out of scope , 5 [suses] were dropped by the applicants , 4 were under consideration when the report was written , and 22 applicants were not assisted .

Since the Commissioner 's remit has been extended to cover breaches of trade union rules , 10 applications have been received for assistance where applicants have alleged rule breaches concerning the constitution or proceedings of any trade union committee , conference or other body .
since the commissioner 's remit has been extended to cover breaches of trade union rules , 10 [suses] have been received for assistance where applicants have alleged rule breaches concerning the constitution or proceedings of any trade union committee , conference or other body .

The Commissioner has received several applications for assistance concerning the right for a member to inspect the union 's accounting records .
the commissioner has received several [suses] for assistance concerning the right for a member to inspect the union 's accounting records .

The only source of feedback available upon these endeavours is the number of enquiries and applications being made to the Commissioner , and these are increasing .
the only source of feedback available upon these endeavours is the number of enquiries and [suses] being made to the commissioner , and these are increasing .

There is no legal aid for unfair dismissal cases against employers , and yet the number of such applications is far greater , and the consequences much more serious , than complaints of alleged unlawful behaviour by trade unions .
there is no legal aid for unfair dismissal cases against employers , and yet the number of such [suses] is far greater , and the consequences much more serious , than complaints of alleged unlawful behaviour by trade unions .

As 80–85 per cent of patents are generally held to derive from inventions made by employees in the course of their employment , the resolution of this issue had direct impact on the thousands of workplaces generating patent applications each year .
as 80–85 per cent of patents are generally held to derive from inventions made by employees in the course of their employment , the resolution of this issue had direct impact on the thousands of workplaces generating patent [suses] each year .

The benefits of using computers in engineering applications is very substantial indeed in terms of reliability , cost and ease of use .
the benefits of using computers in engineering [suses] is very substantial indeed in terms of reliability , cost and ease of use .

In normal recruitment procedures , where applications are invited from as wide a range as possible and where interviews subsequently take place any protection an employee may have had previously ceases .
in normal recruitment procedures , where [suses] are invited from as wide a range as possible and where interviews subsequently take place any protection an employee may have had previously ceases .

In the next issue of Assay we will be taking a look at some applications of diesel exhaust catalysts on city centre buses , trucks and other heavy duty diesel engines .
in the next issue of assay we will be taking a look at some [suses] of diesel exhaust catalysts on city centre buses , trucks and other heavy duty diesel engines .

( Above ) Noble Metals at Royston manufacture a wide range of fabricated platinum group metal products used in industries as diverse as glass , electronics , automotive and in advanced medical applications
( above ) noble metals at royston manufacture a wide range of fabricated platinum group metal products used in industries as diverse as glass , electronics , automotive and in advanced medical [suses]

Many favourable comments were received from teachers and pupils concerning the wide ranging applications and future work opportunities available in Chemistry .
many favourable comments were received from teachers and pupils concerning the wide ranging [suses] and future work opportunities available in chemistry .

On each option date employees will be notified , by circulation and notice board , of the price at which options are available ; applications are made by completing the appropriate form which is incorporated in the Rules of the Scheme available from the Personnel Manager .
on each option date employees will be notified , by circulation and notice board , of the price at which options are available ; [suses] are made by completing the appropriate form which is incorporated in the rules of the scheme available from the personnel manager .

There is a knowledge-driven model , by which basic research leads to applied research , to development , and to applications ; a problem-solving model , where problem research leads via a decision-making process to a goal ( which is the solution of the problem ) .
there is a knowledge-driven model , by which basic research leads to applied research , to development , and to [suses] ; a problem-solving model , where problem research leads via a decision-making process to a goal ( which is the solution of the problem ) .

But , none the less , the aim to study the whole population determined the scope and the character of both these types of early surveys and , in so doing , encouraged the search for new ways of doing so cheaply through innovations in the applications of statistical theory to the selection of samples .
but , none the less , the aim to study the whole population determined the scope and the character of both these types of early surveys and , in so doing , encouraged the search for new ways of doing so cheaply through innovations in the [suses] of statistical theory to the selection of samples .

Objective : Prevention of export of Western technology with strategic applications to communist countries .
objective : prevention of export of western technology with strategic [suses] to communist countries .

Protestors complained of forms being resold at eight times the original price , and accused officials of reserving share applications for family and friends .
protestors complained of forms being resold at eight times the original price , and accused officials of reserving share [suses] for family and friends .

Seventeen people were subsequently arrested for reselling share applications and vouchers .
seventeen people were subsequently arrested for reselling share [suses] and vouchers .

Despite official denials , the decision was seen as a riposte to the United States government which on July 29 had suspended travel visa applications from Cubans until a backlog of 28,000 applications had been processed .
despite official denials , the decision was seen as a riposte to the united states government which on july 29 had suspended travel visa [suses] from cubans until a backlog of 28,000 [suses] had been processed .

Interior Minister Wolfgang Schäuble and Foreign Minister Hans-Dietrich Genscher both declared in early August that asylum applications from east Europeans should be disallowed , because they could no longer legitimately claim to be persecuted at home .
interior minister wolfgang schäuble and foreign minister hans-dietrich genscher both declared in early august that asylum [suses] from east europeans should be disallowed , because they could no longer legitimately claim to be persecuted at home .

In accordance with legislation passed in November 1990 [ see p. 37844 ] a total of 19 new political parties were registered on Jan. 16 ; the remaining 94 applications were rejected by the authorities as `` incomplete `` .
in accordance with legislation passed in november 1990 [ see p. 37844 ] a total of 19 new political parties were registered on jan. 16 ; the remaining 94 [suses] were rejected by the authorities as `` incomplete `` .

This overturned a Jan. 14 decision by the Rangpur returning officer , who had rejected Ershad 's applications on grounds of technical `` irregularities `` , thereby sparking off demonstrations by pro-Ershad demonstrators .
this overturned a jan. 14 decision by the rangpur returning officer , who had rejected ershad 's [suses] on grounds of technical `` irregularities `` , thereby sparking off demonstrations by pro-ershad demonstrators .

It called for ( i ) the harmonization of national migration and asylum policies in conformity with the Geneva Conventions of the International Red Cross ; ( ii ) the exchange of information on labour markets ; and ( iii ) the introduction of measures to prevent multiple applications for asylum and illegal employment of immigrants .
it called for ( i ) the harmonization of national migration and asylum policies in conformity with the geneva conventions of the international red cross ; ( ii ) the exchange of information on labour markets ; and ( iii ) the introduction of measures to prevent multiple [suses] for asylum and illegal employment of immigrants .

The applications of Cyprus , Malta and Turkey were discussed , as were relations with central and eastern Europe .
the [suses] of cyprus , malta and turkey were discussed , as were relations with central and eastern europe .

The processing of asylum applications was to be accelerated .
the processing of asylum [suses] was to be accelerated .

On Nov. 13 , 1990 , the government announced that 7,000 Romanians whose asylum applications had been turned down and who had neither shelter nor work would be returned to Romania ( while another 3,000 had found work and would be allowed to remain ) .
on nov. 13 , 1990 , the government announced that 7,000 romanians whose asylum [suses] had been turned down and who had neither shelter nor work would be returned to romania ( while another 3,000 had found work and would be allowed to remain ) .

In 1990 there were 35,836 applications for asylum , representing an increase of 47 per cent as compared with 1989 , with those from India , Lebanon , Romania and Yugoslavia showing the greatest increases .
in 1990 there were 35,836 [suses] for asylum , representing an increase of 47 per cent as compared with 1989 , with those from india , lebanon , romania and yugoslavia showing the greatest increases .

Of the 11,923 people whose applications were processed in 1990 , 6,643 were given permission to remain in Switzerland and 883 were granted asylum status .
of the 11,923 people whose [suses] were processed in 1990 , 6,643 were given permission to remain in switzerland and 883 were granted asylum status .

Around 100,000 asylum seekers and refugees were estimated to be living in Switzerland at the end of 1990 , over half of them being people whose applications had not yet been processed .
around 100,000 asylum seekers and refugees were estimated to be living in switzerland at the end of 1990 , over half of them being people whose [suses] had not yet been processed .

It was mined on a small scale in the 1960s , but applications to reopen operations were resisted in the late 1980s on environmental grounds .
it was mined on a small scale in the 1960s , but [suses] to reopen operations were resisted in the late 1980s on environmental grounds .

It introduced a shortened review procedure for `` unfounded `` asylum applications — either from those whose identity and/or nationality could not be conclusively proved , or those from a country where there was deemed to be no danger of persecution .
it introduced a shortened review procedure for `` unfounded `` asylum [suses] — either from those whose identity and/or nationality could not be conclusively proved , or those from a country where there was deemed to be no danger of persecution .

Some 110,000 immigrants met the Dec. 10 deadline for applications to regularize their status as residents of Spain .
some 110,000 immigrants met the dec. 10 deadline for [suses] to regularize their status as residents of spain .

Bureaucratic procedures were to be streamlined , so that applications from companies seeking licences for exploration would be decided within a three-month period .
bureaucratic procedures were to be streamlined , so that [suses] from companies seeking licences for exploration would be decided within a three-month period .

According to Le Monde of Nov. 22 the number of asylum seekers ( who came especially from eastern Europe ) had risen to 1,700 per month , and a new law to speed the processing of asylum applications stipulated that these should be processed within two months , after which an applicant recognized as a refugee could take up provisional residence while waiting for a definitive decision .
according to le monde of nov. 22 the number of asylum seekers ( who came especially from eastern europe ) had risen to 1,700 per month , and a new law to speed the processing of asylum [suses] stipulated that these should be processed within two months , after which an applicant recognized as a refugee could take up provisional residence while waiting for a definitive decision .

Prime Minister Gro Harlem Brundtland warned at the congress that Norway risked isolation from its Nordic neighbours if it failed to re-apply ( earlier applications having been made in 1962 , 1967 and 1970 ) .
prime minister gro harlem brundtland warned at the congress that norway risked isolation from its nordic neighbours if it failed to re-apply ( earlier [suses] having been made in 1962 , 1967 and 1970 ) .

Under the agreement `` manifestly unfounded applications for asylum `` would be processed within one month of arrival and rights of appeal would be reduced .
under the agreement `` manifestly unfounded [suses] for asylum `` would be processed within one month of arrival and rights of appeal would be reduced .

Applicants would also have to exhaust legal remedies at home before applications would be considered .
applicants would also have to exhaust legal remedies at home before [suses] would be considered .

The amendment was designed to close loopholes in the Act which enabled companies to reap huge profits from drugs which turned out to have wider than anticipated applications .
the amendment was designed to close loopholes in the act which enabled companies to reap huge profits from drugs which turned out to have wider than anticipated [suses] .

Objective : Prevention of export of Western technology with strategic applications to communist countries .
objective : prevention of export of western technology with strategic [suses] to communist countries .

Immigration officials would be empowered to refuse entry to foreign nationals deemed to be economic migrants , while processing of applications for political asylum would be speeded up .
immigration officials would be empowered to refuse entry to foreign nationals deemed to be economic migrants , while processing of [suses] for political asylum would be speeded up .

During December the Interior Ministry processed applications to register as political parties by eight groups , of which three were rejected and five accepted .
during december the interior ministry processed [suses] to register as political parties by eight groups , of which three were rejected and five accepted .

In future they would no longer be allowed to finance public-sector deficits or loan applications from large debtors .
in future they would no longer be allowed to finance public-sector deficits or loan [suses] from large debtors .

The first applications therefore were with archive material , which was itself highly structured and which was available in quantity .
the first [suses] therefore were with archive material , which was itself highly structured and which was available in quantity .

Applications for grant are assessed on the basis of : —
[suses] for grant are assessed on the basis of : —

During the period of this report , twenty-six applications were considered by the Development Fund Sub-Committee of the Enterprise Steering Committee .
during the period of this report , twenty-six [suses] were considered by the development fund sub-committee of the enterprise steering committee .

The Enterprise Centre will continue to encourage faculties and departments to consider cross-curricular applications .
the enterprise centre will continue to encourage faculties and departments to consider cross-curricular [suses] .

Successful applications for financial assistance to Lothian and Edinburgh Enterprise Limited and to Edinburgh District Council enabled three workshops to be held during the period June/July 1993 at separate venues in the University of Edinburgh , Queen Margaret College and Napier University .
successful [suses] for financial assistance to lothian and edinburgh enterprise limited and to edinburgh district council enabled three workshops to be held during the period june/july 1993 at separate venues in the university of edinburgh , queen margaret college and napier university .

Such places exist in some blocks of workmen 's dwellings , and applications for them are waiting long before a vacancy occurs , provided , of course , that they are in a convenient district .
such places exist in some blocks of workmen 's dwellings , and [suses] for them are waiting long before a vacancy occurs , provided , of course , that they are in a convenient district .

In this revised format you present material from your literature review , paradoxically , at the end ( under `` relation to existing work `` ) , where you examine implications and applications .
in this revised format you present material from your literature review , paradoxically , at the end ( under `` relation to existing work `` ) , where you examine implications and [suses] .

Hotel guests and staff can use the same keycard for many applications throughout the property .
hotel guests and staff can use the same keycard for many [suses] throughout the property .

However , they continue : But it may perhaps be better understood as an analytical consequence of the Garfinkelian theory that the fit between organization and phenomena , between rules and their applications , is not determined in advance , but rather is the result of an ad hoc and context-sensitive process , performed by speakers ( by the use of shared " methods " ) , in which the recognition of the social act and the construction of interpretation of sequences of such acts are two sides of the same creative ( but nonetheless organized and accountable ) process . ( Taylor and Cameron 1987 : 117 )
however , they continue : but it may perhaps be better understood as an analytical consequence of the garfinkelian theory that the fit between organization and phenomena , between rules and their [suses] , is not determined in advance , but rather is the result of an ad hoc and context-sensitive process , performed by speakers ( by the use of shared " methods " ) , in which the recognition of the social act and the construction of interpretation of sequences of such acts are two sides of the same creative ( but nonetheless organized and accountable ) process . ( taylor and cameron 1987 : 117 )

Applications for recognition
[suses] for recognition

15 . Applications for recognition
15 . [suses] for recognition

( g ) such fee as the Council may from time to time prescribe in connection with such applications .
( g ) such fee as the council may from time to time prescribe in connection with such [suses] .

( j ) To apply for , promote , and obtain any Act of Parliament , order or licence of the Department of Trade and Industry or other authority for enabling the Company to carry any of its objects into effect , or for effecting any modification of the Company 's constitution , or for any other purpose which may seem calculated directly or indirectly to promote the Company 's interests , and to oppose any proceedings or applications which may seem calculated directly or indirectly to prejudice the Company 's interests .
( j ) to apply for , promote , and obtain any act of parliament , order or licence of the department of trade and industry or other authority for enabling the company to carry any of its objects into effect , or for effecting any modification of the company 's constitution , or for any other purpose which may seem calculated directly or indirectly to promote the company 's interests , and to oppose any proceedings or [suses] which may seem calculated directly or indirectly to prejudice the company 's interests .

( j ) To apply for , promote , and obtain any Act of Parliament , order or licence of the Department of Trade and Industry or other authority for enabling the Company to carry any of its objects into effect , or for effecting any modification of the Company 's constitution , or for any other purpose which may seem calculated directly or indirectly to promote the Company 's interests , and to oppose any proceedings or applications which may seem calculated directly or indirectly to prejudice the Company 's interests .
( j ) to apply for , promote , and obtain any act of parliament , order or licence of the department of trade and industry or other authority for enabling the company to carry any of its objects into effect , or for effecting any modification of the company 's constitution , or for any other purpose which may seem calculated directly or indirectly to promote the company 's interests , and to oppose any proceedings or [suses] which may seem calculated directly or indirectly to prejudice the company 's interests .

In drawing up his list of inhabitants of Corfe Castle in 1794 , the compiler justified his efforts by claiming that it would not only help the overseers keep in touch with actual and potential needs , but would `` enable the magistrates to form an opinion on the propriety of applications for parochial relief on the one hand , and of the refusal of it by the parish officers on the other `` .
in drawing up his list of inhabitants of corfe castle in 1794 , the compiler justified his efforts by claiming that it would not only help the overseers keep in touch with actual and potential needs , but would `` enable the magistrates to form an opinion on the propriety of [suses] for parochial relief on the one hand , and of the refusal of it by the parish officers on the other `` .

Such later applications will refer back to that original priority date .
such later [suses] will refer back to that original priority date .

Matters contained in prior patent applications are also included .
matters contained in prior patent [suses] are also included .

Applications for registration of a trade or service mark are made to the Trade Mark Registry and the services of a trade mark agent may be helpful .
[suses] for registration of a trade or service mark are made to the trade mark registry and the services of a trade mark agent may be helpful .

Applications for fellowship must be supported by two fellows who have known the applicant for at least three years and will be considered individually by the board of fellows .
[suses] for fellowship must be supported by two fellows who have known the applicant for at least three years and will be considered individually by the board of fellows .

Applications for Associateship should be supported by two Fellows of the association who have knowledge of the candidate for at least two years immediately preceding the application .
[suses] for associateship should be supported by two fellows of the association who have knowledge of the candidate for at least two years immediately preceding the application .

The work of this department covers the implementation of decisions by Council on all matters of finance , investments , general financial matters and salaries , the collecting of subscriptions , maintenance of all membership records and the processing of applications for membership ( other than students ) and upgrading and administration of the offices at Trinity Road .
the work of this department covers the implementation of decisions by council on all matters of finance , investments , general financial matters and salaries , the collecting of subscriptions , maintenance of all membership records and the processing of [suses] for membership ( other than students ) and upgrading and administration of the offices at trinity road .

( membership officer ) processes all applications for membership ( other than student grade ) and administers the upgrading procedures .
( membership officer ) processes all [suses] for membership ( other than student grade ) and administers the upgrading procedures .

She provides the material for the Board of Fellows when it meets to consider the applications for upgrading to Fellowship .
she provides the material for the board of fellows when it meets to consider the [suses] for upgrading to fellowship .

The Community has also established Sedoc ( Regulation 68/1612 ) , a European system of employment information exchange , but this remains inadequate and little used , with only 1000 job applications processed annually .
the community has also established sedoc ( regulation 68/1612 ) , a european system of employment information exchange , but this remains inadequate and little used , with only 1000 job [suses] processed annually .

We are equal opportunities employers under the Race Relations act and welcome enquiries and applications from all ethnic groups .
we are equal opportunities employers under the race relations act and welcome enquiries and [suses] from all ethnic groups .

Such positions are frequently advertised in the major trade magazines in the West and employers will receive applications from professionally qualified caterers from around the world .
such positions are frequently advertised in the major trade magazines in the west and employers will receive [suses] from professionally qualified caterers from around the world .

These qualifications , awarded as a result of school studies , will give an introduction to the working world , without having the practical aspects and applications of NVQs .
these qualifications , awarded as a result of school studies , will give an introduction to the working world , without having the practical aspects and [suses] of nvqs .

Applications for the Easter Course came in well and the Lilleshall Course is full .
[suses] for the easter course came in well and the lilleshall course is full .

Applications for the period 1975–80 were analysed in order to describe the people coming forward and trace their progress .
[suses] for the period 1975–80 were analysed in order to describe the people coming forward and trace their progress .

Students of communications , instrumentation , special applications and ( marginally ) computing were more likely than the rest to be seeking work .
students of communications , instrumentation , special [suses] and ( marginally ) computing were more likely than the rest to be seeking work .

In the last twenty years or so new materials have appeared which were hailed as the results of brave new technology , revolutionizing such fields of applications as aerospace .
in the last twenty years or so new materials have appeared which were hailed as the results of brave new technology , revolutionizing such fields of [suses] as aerospace .

We never in practice achieve the homogeneity of physical properties we should like to assume in the applications of elasticity theory .
we never in practice achieve the homogeneity of physical properties we should like to assume in the [suses] of elasticity theory .

Such a material might be produced by rolling or by the type of lateral crystallization found with the `` shish-kebab `` structure formed in stirred polymer solutions , Walpole ( 1969 ) gives formulae for the elastic constants of arrays of disc-like inclusions while the author ( 1976 ) has calculated the longitudinal elastic properties of the two-dimensional `` lamellar stack `` model ( Figure 4.7 ) , which has applications to the morphologies found in drawn and rolled polymers as well as to laminates made of two polymers co-extruded into multilayer sheets .
such a material might be produced by rolling or by the type of lateral crystallization found with the `` shish-kebab `` structure formed in stirred polymer solutions , walpole ( 1969 ) gives formulae for the elastic constants of arrays of disc-like inclusions while the author ( 1976 ) has calculated the longitudinal elastic properties of the two-dimensional `` lamellar stack `` model ( figure 4.7 ) , which has [suses] to the morphologies found in drawn and rolled polymers as well as to laminates made of two polymers co-extruded into multilayer sheets .

In most engineering applications the materials parameters needed are : elastic modulus , yield point , fracture strain , and so on .
in most engineering [suses] the materials parameters needed are : elastic modulus , yield point , fracture strain , and so on .

Pathophysiological applications of prolonged colonic recordings
pathophysiological [suses] of prolonged colonic recordings

One of the main applications of the scan score is in difficult cases when accurate estimation of disease activity will have important therapeutic implications .
one of the main [suses] of the scan score is in difficult cases when accurate estimation of disease activity will have important therapeutic implications .

Applications are made on an official form provided by the Board , and supplied direct to Registered Tutors .
[suses] are made on an official form provided by the board , and supplied direct to registered tutors .

To cater for the growth in average human frame sizes , Supreme Plastics has updated its Cadaver bag which is an essential for all the emergency services , hospitals and military applications .
to cater for the growth in average human frame sizes , supreme plastics has updated its cadaver bag which is an essential for all the emergency services , hospitals and military [suses] .

The prevalence of use of peptic ulcer drugs in the Danish population is described at two points in time using registrations of applications for reimbursement .
the prevalence of use of peptic ulcer drugs in the danish population is described at two points in time using registrations of [suses] for reimbursement .

During 1989–90 , 63648 users had their applications granted .
during 1989–90 , 63648 users had their [suses] granted .

1992 saw as many commendable , innovative and diverse applications for matched funding as in previous years .
1992 saw as many commendable , innovative and diverse [suses] for matched funding as in previous years .

Successful applications for matched funding included the efforts of Lois Mair , a telephonist at our Elgin office in Scotland who , blind herself , raised over 1,000 to train guide dogs for others .
successful [suses] for matched funding included the efforts of lois mair , a telephonist at our elgin office in scotland who , blind herself , raised over 1,000 to train guide dogs for others .

We shall therefore this year have two sets of consultation about applications , as opposed to only one last year .
we shall therefore this year have two sets of consultation about [suses] , as opposed to only one last year .

The Bar is a leader in the field of video conferencing applications within the courts and the legal profession and its endeavours have brought us a good deal of favourable publicity .
the bar is a leader in the field of video conferencing [suses] within the courts and the legal profession and its endeavours have brought us a good deal of favourable publicity .

Following Disciplinary Tribunals in 1990 and appeals to the Visitors during the following year , applications for leave to apply for Judicial Review of the Visitors ' findings were submitted by two members of the Bar in summer and autumn 1991 , leave being granted in June and December respectively .
following disciplinary tribunals in 1990 and appeals to the visitors during the following year , [suses] for leave to apply for judicial review of the visitors ' findings were submitted by two members of the bar in summer and autumn 1991 , leave being granted in june and december respectively .

Both applications were heard together , on the preliminary point of whether the Divisional Court had jurisdiction , on 13–14th February 1992 , the Bar Council being represented by Counsel .
both [suses] were heard together , on the preliminary point of whether the divisional court had jurisdiction , on 13–14th february 1992 , the bar council being represented by counsel .

In addition , it is responsible for formulating the policy for dealing with the various kinds of applications ( subject to the directions of the Bar Council and the Inns ' Council ) and for revising the Consolidated Regulations as and when necessary .
in addition , it is responsible for formulating the policy for dealing with the various kinds of [suses] ( subject to the directions of the bar council and the inns ' council ) and for revising the consolidated regulations as and when necessary .

During the last year ( September 1991 to September 1992 ) the committee has dealt with the following applications :
during the last year ( september 1991 to september 1992 ) the committee has dealt with the following [suses] :

Applications for reduction of pupillage
[suses] for reduction of pupillage

Applications for approval of employed pupil-masters
[suses] for approval of employed pupil-masters

Applications for ‘ special admission ’ to the Inns of Court School of Law
[suses] for ‘ special admission ’ to the inns of court school of law

Applications for permission to change intention
[suses] for permission to change intention

It began by inviting applications for marketmakers in gilts who would undertake to provide continuous two-way prices under any trading conditions .
it began by inviting [suses] for marketmakers in gilts who would undertake to provide continuous two-way prices under any trading conditions .

As more is learned about its capabilities and applications , partly from user experience , design changes are required to exploit the findings and cater for individual user needs .
as more is learned about its capabilities and [suses] , partly from user experience , design changes are required to exploit the findings and cater for individual user needs .

The general categories of applications reported were as follows ; in most cases more than one category was present in the same organization .
the general categories of [suses] reported were as follows ; in most cases more than one category was present in the same organization .

Some respondents reported that a number of applications were only possible on a microcomputer .
some respondents reported that a number of [suses] were only possible on a microcomputer .

Within the broad categories of usage above , the applications broke down into a wide range of tasks .
within the broad categories of usage above , the [suses] broke down into a wide range of tasks .

The applications were expected to be the same as those already noted .
the [suses] were expected to be the same as those already noted .

When asked for their views on longer-term future applications the emphasis was again on the increase of information handling , with management applications falling as a percentage of the whole .
when asked for their views on longer-term future [suses] the emphasis was again on the increase of information handling , with management [suses] falling as a percentage of the whole .

Applications of artificial intelligence based systems were envisaged by very few .
[suses] of artificial intelligence based systems were envisaged by very few .

Applications have tended to be ad hoc , with software generally written in-house .
[suses] have tended to be ad hoc , with software generally written in-house .

Under the previous legislation the Secretary of State had the discretion to turn down applications but exercised it only 519 times in the space of five years .
under the previous legislation the secretary of state had the discretion to turn down [suses] but exercised it only 519 times in the space of five years .

‘ Although the number of applications is small , there is little doubt that the scheme fulfils a need for those most deserving of assistance , ’ Mr Moss said .
‘ although the number of [suses] is small , there is little doubt that the scheme fulfils a need for those most deserving of assistance , ’ mr moss said .

The number of applications for judicial review has none the less increased significantly over the past decade .
the number of [suses] for judicial review has none the less increased significantly over the past decade .

Finding out about an application : Under section 28 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 the planning authority — usually the local council — is supposed to advertise certain planning applications in the local newspaper .
finding out about an application : under section 28 of the town and country planning act 1971 the planning authority — usually the local council — is supposed to advertise certain planning [suses] in the local newspaper .

Some local authorities publish a list of all their new planning applications in the local paper .
some local authorities publish a list of all their new planning [suses] in the local paper .

The planning department of a local council keeps all current planning applications on a register which is available to the public .
the planning department of a local council keeps all current planning [suses] on a register which is available to the public .

Thus we are still using the Darwinian model of evolution by natural selection , but the entities to which we are applying it are populations , or species , and not individuals as in most applications of the idea .
thus we are still using the darwinian model of evolution by natural selection , but the entities to which we are applying it are populations , or species , and not individuals as in most [suses] of the idea .

Tartan patterns and plaids are applications of this theme .
tartan patterns and plaids are [suses] of this theme .

We are acutely sensitive to sedimentary layering , perhaps because of our origins in prehistory ? Certainly its emotive possibilities go beyond obvious applications in architecture and landscaping to a structuring , by analogy , of graphics and music .
we are acutely sensitive to sedimentary layering , perhaps because of our origins in prehistory ? certainly its emotive possibilities go beyond obvious [suses] in architecture and landscaping to a structuring , by analogy , of graphics and music .

This effect has immediate graphic , sculptural and architectural applications .
this effect has immediate graphic , sculptural and architectural [suses] .

Vertical thinking is an alternation of the processes of deduction and induction to find and prove algorithms that hold true for all known applications .
vertical thinking is an alternation of the processes of deduction and induction to find and prove algorithms that hold true for all known [suses] .

For instance , Local Peasant Leaders or Mayors ( who were often also Party functionaries ) had to adjudicate on the ‘ reserved occupation ’ applications of farmers in the neighbourhood .
for instance , local peasant leaders or mayors ( who were often also party functionaries ) had to adjudicate on the ‘ reserved occupation ’ [suses] of farmers in the neighbourhood .

This was , of course , an open invitation to trivial forms of corruption and bribery , and the decisions , however reached , invariably caused bad blood among the families of those whose applications had been turned down .
this was , of course , an open invitation to trivial forms of corruption and bribery , and the decisions , however reached , invariably caused bad blood among the families of those whose [suses] had been turned down .

Prospective owners were required to put down an initial deposit of £50,000 , which seemed fair enough when they had received 1,400 applications and at a time when the prices of exclusive cars were rising to the stratosphere .
prospective owners were required to put down an initial deposit of £50,000 , which seemed fair enough when they had received 1,400 [suses] and at a time when the prices of exclusive cars were rising to the stratosphere .

‘ Object linking and embedding ’ allows objects created by different applications , ie text , graphs or charts to be easily inserted into into a single document .
‘ object linking and embedding ’ allows objects created by different [suses] , ie text , graphs or charts to be easily inserted into into a single document .

The picture has been built up from an analysis of 715 applications to join the group 's management buy-in programme .
the picture has been built up from an analysis of 715 [suses] to join the group 's management buy-in programme .

No new applications for dolphin hunting will be accepted , and the number of licensed vessels is to be reduced from 600 to 540 .
no new [suses] for dolphin hunting will be accepted , and the number of licensed vessels is to be reduced from 600 to 540 .

The stability of the organochlorines , an advantage in their industrial applications , ensured that they were not broken down in the natural environment .
the stability of the organochlorines , an advantage in their industrial [suses] , ensured that they were not broken down in the natural environment .

Although for many applications the costs are negligible , they raise their heads too often to be ignored .
although for many [suses] the costs are negligible , they raise their heads too often to be ignored .

Universities will accept applications mostly from youngsters who have done well in their in-depth subject , so 16-year-olds will still have to make the decision about their careers at an age when many are not ready , and two years before most other Europeans .
universities will accept [suses] mostly from youngsters who have done well in their in-depth subject , so 16-year-olds will still have to make the decision about their careers at an age when many are not ready , and two years before most other europeans .

One answer would be for the judges ruling on applications for chapter 11 to get tough in backing creditors ' claims against the firm .
one answer would be for the judges ruling on [suses] for chapter 11 to get tough in backing creditors ' claims against the firm .

Although the defence applications are obvious , Alpha could become important in ‘ mission critical ’ commercial systems .
although the defence [suses] are obvious , alpha could become important in ‘ mission critical ’ commercial systems .

SQL-Connect , a companion program , can link Windows applications with Unix databases to load data from Informix , Oracle or Uniplex into , say , MicroSoft 's Excel spread-sheet .
sql-connect , a companion program , can link windows [suses] with unix databases to load data from informix , oracle or uniplex into , say , microsoft 's excel spread-sheet .

Little applications make a high-pitched ‘ clink ’ when probed with the mouse , big ones a beefier ‘ clunk ’ .
little [suses] make a high-pitched ‘ clink ’ when probed with the mouse , big ones a beefier ‘ clunk ’ .

In commercial computer applications , he believes sound will be particularly important in collaborative tasks , where people need to be alert to what colleagues are doing , without having it distractingly thrust upon their attention .
in commercial computer [suses] , he believes sound will be particularly important in collaborative tasks , where people need to be alert to what colleagues are doing , without having it distractingly thrust upon their attention .

It also says major applications will be made available on plug-in cards but , as always , computer buyers should only assess what they can see , not what might turn up who-knows-when .
it also says major [suses] will be made available on plug-in cards but , as always , computer buyers should only assess what they can see , not what might turn up who-knows-when .

Portfolio owners can also check whether the machine 's five resident applications — calculator , diary , address book , text editor and spreadsheet — can challenge the current contents of their inside pocket , including those old-fashioned paper diary and address books .
portfolio owners can also check whether the machine 's five resident [suses] — calculator , diary , address book , text editor and spreadsheet — can challenge the current contents of their inside pocket , including those old-fashioned paper diary and address books .

Vertical applications have just started to appear , one of the first being Cambridge Micro 's package for estate agents ( Computer , June 1 ) .
vertical [suses] have just started to appear , one of the first being cambridge micro 's package for estate agents ( computer , june 1 ) .

Moving applications becomes relatively simple , and turns hardware into a commodity .
moving [suses] becomes relatively simple , and turns hardware into a commodity .

As flotation advisers suggested that as many as two million people could have applied for shares after a last-minute surge of applications , he added that the issue would be a big step towards the Government 's goal of increasing the level of share-ownership .
as flotation advisers suggested that as many as two million people could have applied for shares after a last-minute surge of [suses] , he added that the issue would be a big step towards the government 's goal of increasing the level of share-ownership .

The Lord Chief Justice , Lord Lane , Mr Justice Macpherson , and Mr Justice Pill dismissed applications under the 1988 Criminal Justice Act by Mr Tim Crook , a freelance journalist , to reverse decisions by two Old Bailey judges to close their courts .
the lord chief justice , lord lane , mr justice macpherson , and mr justice pill dismissed [suses] under the 1988 criminal justice act by mr tim crook , a freelance journalist , to reverse decisions by two old bailey judges to close their courts .

Put more starkly , with the current caseload and an intake of 50,000 new applications this year , even if we managed to exceed last year 's output we would still have at least two years work in hand .
put more starkly , with the current caseload and an intake of 50,000 new [suses] this year , even if we managed to exceed last year 's output we would still have at least two years work in hand .

He asked for streamlined procedures to sift out frivolous applications and allow individual board members greater discretion to reduce the number of full hearings .
he asked for streamlined procedures to sift out frivolous [suses] and allow individual board members greater discretion to reduce the number of full hearings .

More than 12,000 people , from company directors to filing clerks , had been streaming into the share sorting centre with last-minute applications since the doors opened at 7.45am .
more than 12,000 people , from company directors to filing clerks , had been streaming into the share sorting centre with last-minute [suses] since the doors opened at 7.45am .

Applications must be in by December 11 .
[suses] must be in by december 11 .

These have proved a boon to many occasional users of complex applications , and by making different applications function in similar ways can considerably reduce re-training time .
these have proved a boon to many occasional users of complex [suses] , and by making different [suses] function in similar ways can considerably reduce re-training time .

And the ability to open several applications at once can confuse the inexperienced .
and the ability to open several [suses] at once can confuse the inexperienced .

Instead of applications saturated with functions which most users will never need , Microsoft , Lotus and their rivals are starting to produce products which are easy to learn and use .
instead of [suses] saturated with functions which most users will never need , microsoft , lotus and their rivals are starting to produce products which are easy to learn and use .

Many applications of the technology are starting to emerge , divided between computer games , educational programs and professional uses .
many [suses] of the technology are starting to emerge , divided between computer games , educational programs and professional uses .

So nitrate from the enormous growth in artificial fertiliser applications is rapidly leached away .
so nitrate from the enormous growth in artificial fertiliser [suses] is rapidly leached away .

Conversion of cereals to grassland would probably involve compensation , although avoidance of autumn fertiliser applications would not .
conversion of cereals to grassland would probably involve compensation , although avoidance of autumn fertiliser [suses] would not .

New pig and poultry farms are banned and grassland applications are limited .
new pig and poultry farms are banned and grassland [suses] are limited .

Planning applications will be examined against crime prevention criteria .
planning [suses] will be examined against crime prevention criteria .

We shall make the widening of the Community a priority , and shall advocate speedy admission for Austria , Sweden , Finland and Cyprus , whose membership applications have been or are about to be lodged .
we shall make the widening of the community a priority , and shall advocate speedy admission for austria , sweden , finland and cyprus , whose membership [suses] have been or are about to be lodged .

Finger-printing will be introduced for asylum applicants , to prevent multiple applications and fraudulent benefit claims .
finger-printing will be introduced for asylum applicants , to prevent multiple [suses] and fraudulent benefit claims .

We will continue ‘ Right to Buy ’ discounts , and ensure that local authorities respond reasonably and rapidly to applications .
we will continue ‘ right to buy ’ discounts , and ensure that local authorities respond reasonably and rapidly to [suses] .

We will publish target response times for grant and licence applications made to the Ministry of Agriculture .
we will publish target response times for grant and licence [suses] made to the ministry of agriculture .

All applications received will qualify for a free carriage clock which you will receive once your application has been accepted .
all [suses] received will qualify for a free carriage clock which you will receive once your application has been accepted .

In the same period from 1984 to 1987 we received far fewer applications for asylum from refugees than our European neighbours .
in the same period from 1984 to 1987 we received far fewer [suses] for asylum from refugees than our european neighbours .

Applications to participate in City Wise , the one-off consultation on urban mission training , have to be in by 30 April — so write or ring for a form now if you are interested in coming .
[suses] to participate in city wise , the one-off consultation on urban mission training , have to be in by 30 april — so write or ring for a form now if you are interested in coming .

Applications are particularly welcome from women and those from minority ethnic communities .
[suses] are particularly welcome from women and those from minority ethnic communities .

Applications for Barclays New Stages , as the project is called , must be in by 31 January .
[suses] for barclays new stages , as the project is called , must be in by 31 january .

Ten Kurds who had been in detention were released from Haslar yesterday with permission to stay while their applications for political asylum are processed .
ten kurds who had been in detention were released from haslar yesterday with permission to stay while their [suses] for political asylum are processed .

Their applications for asylum are being processed gradually ; most are still awaiting a decision .
their [suses] for asylum are being processed gradually ; most are still awaiting a decision .

The nature of the court 's work There had been a tendency largely to disregard applications as being incidental to the main task of deciding appeals and as not significant in themselves .
the nature of the court 's work there had been a tendency largely to disregard [suses] as being incidental to the main task of deciding appeals and as not significant in themselves .

The figures for applications heard by a single Lord Justice and two and three Lords Justices went a long way to explaining why , despite the facts that the rate at which appeals were begun had shown little change over the years , there had been some small increase in judge-power and that major improvements had been made in the court 's procedures , the number of appeals outstanding at the end of each year and the lead times for hearing appeals showed no real improvement .
the figures for [suses] heard by a single lord justice and two and three lords justices went a long way to explaining why , despite the facts that the rate at which appeals were begun had shown little change over the years , there had been some small increase in judge-power and that major improvements had been made in the court 's procedures , the number of appeals outstanding at the end of each year and the lead times for hearing appeals showed no real improvement .

The judges now had to hear nearly as many applications as they heard appeals .
the judges now had to hear nearly as many [suses] as they heard appeals .

There was a 66 per cent increase in the numbers of applications made by litigants in person and a 20 per cent increase in the number of appeals .
there was a 66 per cent increase in the numbers of [suses] made by litigants in person and a 20 per cent increase in the number of appeals .

But sometimes applications are refused .
but sometimes [suses] are refused .

Applications will be accepted as long as they are made by 1st October 1991 but your council can chose to set a later date .
[suses] will be accepted as long as they are made by 1st october 1991 but your council can chose to set a later date .

Treatment is usually a lotion which kills the lice and nits in a few easy applications .
treatment is usually a lotion which kills the lice and nits in a few easy [suses] .

Both applications are dealt with by your District Borough or City Council Planning and Building Control Section .
both [suses] are dealt with by your district borough or city council planning and building control section .

Applications for people who live in council property
[suses] for people who live in council property

Applications for people living in privately rented property
[suses] for people living in privately rented property

Applications for people living in Housing Association Property
[suses] for people living in housing association property

Any one application must not exceed £1,000 and a maximum of three applications in three years can be made .
any one application must not exceed £1,000 and a maximum of three [suses] in three years can be made .

As well as a good first-aid kit , a cool-box is useful for storing cold applications .
as well as a good first-aid kit , a cool-box is useful for storing cold [suses] .

Pilots ' helmets with miniature built-in video screens may not have obvious applications in hotels and restaurants , but there are several defence-led developments which do , and which will increasingly be seen around the industry .
pilots ' helmets with miniature built-in video screens may not have obvious [suses] in hotels and restaurants , but there are several defence-led developments which do , and which will increasingly be seen around the industry .

Though many adaptations have obvious applications , there are those only their creators could accurately explain .
though many adaptations have obvious [suses] , there are those only their creators could accurately explain .

The bent skew was a pleasant little tool , with wide applications , and a usefulness beyond its humble appearance .
the bent skew was a pleasant little tool , with wide [suses] , and a usefulness beyond its humble appearance .

If the warts are very extensive or if local applications have failed , then the warts can be frozen , using liquid nitrogen , or burnt off with electro-cautery .
if the warts are very extensive or if local [suses] have failed , then the warts can be frozen , using liquid nitrogen , or burnt off with electro-cautery .

If there are any spots or sores , then tests can be taken for Herpes simplex virus or for the treponeme of syphilis at the time of the genital examination , and likewise , genital warts can be treated with local applications of podophylline or acid .
if there are any spots or sores , then tests can be taken for herpes simplex virus or for the treponeme of syphilis at the time of the genital examination , and likewise , genital warts can be treated with local [suses] of podophylline or acid .

There is further evidence to indicate that nitrogen applications on or near the surface tend to make earthworms feed and excrete their castings well below the surface .
there is further evidence to indicate that nitrogen [suses] on or near the surface tend to make earthworms feed and excrete their castings well below the surface .

It is no coincidence that the most common applications of the word after railway station are police station and military station .
it is no coincidence that the most common [suses] of the word after railway station are police station and military station .

They are designated by local authorities which must then pay special attention to any applications to demolish or build anew within the area 's boundaries .
they are designated by local authorities which must then pay special attention to any [suses] to demolish or build anew within the area 's boundaries .

Find out who the personnel are and , in particular , who deals with conservation matters or listed building applications .
find out who the personnel are and , in particular , who deals with conservation matters or listed building [suses] .

Publishing excerpts from material such as planning applications for the purpose of public information , comment or criticism is not an infringement of copyright ; alternatively , you could find someone who can make a reasonable but accurate sketch of the proposals .
publishing excerpts from material such as planning [suses] for the purpose of public information , comment or criticism is not an infringement of copyright ; alternatively , you could find someone who can make a reasonable but accurate sketch of the proposals .

However , as with listing applications , any person can suggest an area for designation .
however , as with listing [suses] , any person can suggest an area for designation .

While there is undoubtedly a demand for more golf courses , it needs to be underlined that many applications are purely speculative .
while there is undoubtedly a demand for more golf courses , it needs to be underlined that many [suses] are purely speculative .

By 1987 , there were more applications to demolish listed barns than any other single building type .
by 1987 , there were more [suses] to demolish listed barns than any other single building type .

While substantial fees are now payable for planning applications relative to the size of the building , the charge for a simple change of use may be a smaller fixed fee .
while substantial fees are now payable for planning [suses] relative to the size of the building , the charge for a simple change of use may be a smaller fixed fee .

Tedious though this point may be , it is particularly in need of emphasis today , when the value of research is so often judged only by expected and short-term practical applications .
tedious though this point may be , it is particularly in need of emphasis today , when the value of research is so often judged only by expected and short-term practical [suses] .

There are , in fact , no applications ; nor are there Welsh GPs queuing up to run their own budgets .
there are , in fact , no [suses] ; nor are there welsh gps queuing up to run their own budgets .

Sir Anthony says : ‘ The paper concluded that the applications for membership could not be supported and that there should be a full inquiry ihnto the takeover activities and share dealings of James Ferguson and its related companies and connections , including the Barlow Clowes Group .
sir anthony says : ‘ the paper concluded that the [suses] for membership could not be supported and that there should be a full inquiry ihnto the takeover activities and share dealings of james ferguson and its related companies and connections , including the barlow clowes group .

Such applications were prefigured by Michael Frayn some 20 years ago in his novel The Tin Men which features a computer programmed to pray , so that its orisons might bring down divine favour in accordance with Christian teaching : the computer having no selfish motives , its disinterested sincerity can not be doubted .
such [suses] were prefigured by michael frayn some 20 years ago in his novel the tin men which features a computer programmed to pray , so that its orisons might bring down divine favour in accordance with christian teaching : the computer having no selfish motives , its disinterested sincerity can not be doubted .

Possibly more troublesome and dangerous are micro-organisms which can be used in agricultural and medical applications but once released can not be recaptured .
possibly more troublesome and dangerous are micro-organisms which can be used in agricultural and medical [suses] but once released can not be recaptured .

Quite often though , through various hit-and-miss applications , he would get one of the engines running .
quite often though , through various hit-and-miss [suses] , he would get one of the engines running .

As an example , consider the difficulty experienced by overseas companies wishing to begin direct operations in Japan , where applications were vetted by the National Planning Authority to ensure that they fitted the national economic plan of Japan .
as an example , consider the difficulty experienced by overseas companies wishing to begin direct operations in japan , where [suses] were vetted by the national planning authority to ensure that they fitted the national economic plan of japan .

Body Shop staff adopt a young unemployed person on a one-to-one basis , helping with job applications , for example .
body shop staff adopt a young unemployed person on a one-to-one basis , helping with job [suses] , for example .

They provide welfare support ranging from hospital visits to helping with the completion of applications for financial assistance for a variety of needs , such as rent , gas , electricity , telephone arrears , purchase of essential household equipment , clothing and travel costs to visit sick relatives .
they provide welfare support ranging from hospital visits to helping with the completion of [suses] for financial assistance for a variety of needs , such as rent , gas , electricity , telephone arrears , purchase of essential household equipment , clothing and travel costs to visit sick relatives .

The Branch has formed a local Management Committee to operate the Lodge on behalf of the Association within agreed guidelines and , judging from the number of applications specifically for The White House , Bexhill-on-Sea will retain its reputation as the retirement centre of the South .
the branch has formed a local management committee to operate the lodge on behalf of the association within agreed guidelines and , judging from the number of [suses] specifically for the white house , bexhill-on-sea will retain its reputation as the retirement centre of the south .

The contract hire scheme is by far the most popular and it attacts over 90 % of new car applications .
the contract hire scheme is by far the most popular and it attacts over 90 % of new car [suses] .

East Germans now have to wait for weeks or even months for replies to their applications for visas to Hungary , through which more than 31,000 have escaped since August .
east germans now have to wait for weeks or even months for replies to their [suses] for visas to hungary , through which more than 31,000 have escaped since august .

If the applications are pursued , it would embarrass the Government .
if the [suses] are pursued , it would embarrass the government .

Although many East Germans will in future be able to go to Czechoslovakia with official permission , applications must now be made four weeks in advance .
although many east germans will in future be able to go to czechoslovakia with official permission , [suses] must now be made four weeks in advance .

Environmental impact assessments must accompany all applications and planning conditions covering subsidence , noise , traffic , dust , waste disposal and effluent were becoming increasingly strict .
environmental impact assessments must accompany all [suses] and planning conditions covering subsidence , noise , traffic , dust , waste disposal and effluent were becoming increasingly strict .

This emphasis upon the need for cultural and social reinforcement , though often overlooked by educationalists , is crucially important if the learning process is to be useful and related to the experience of the community groups so that they feel they can go on to employ practical applications of their learning .
this emphasis upon the need for cultural and social reinforcement , though often overlooked by educationalists , is crucially important if the learning process is to be useful and related to the experience of the community groups so that they feel they can go on to employ practical [suses] of their learning .

There already exists a growing range of opportunities for professional development and members ( or potential members ) would be well advised to maintain a log of their achievements , which could be used in support of job applications or when seeking transfer to another category of membership .
there already exists a growing range of opportunities for professional development and members ( or potential members ) would be well advised to maintain a log of their achievements , which could be used in support of job [suses] or when seeking transfer to another category of membership .

The Catalysis and Sorption Consortium focuses on the development of software for material science applications .
the catalysis and sorption consortium focuses on the development of software for material science [suses] .

Over 70 original Janssen products have found important applications in medicine .
over 70 original janssen products have found important [suses] in medicine .

Protein purification applications : a practical approach
protein purification [suses] : a practical approach

Protein purification applications is the companion volume to Protein purification methods , in the Practical approach series .
protein purification [suses] is the companion volume to protein purification methods , in the practical approach series .

Applications for shop , car and home loans were up by 5.5 per cent , suggesting that worries about the recession are beginning to ease .
[suses] for shop , car and home loans were up by 5.5 per cent , suggesting that worries about the recession are beginning to ease .

In a separate report , the government disclosed that applications for unemployment benefits dropped to a five-month low in the week ending April 4 .
in a separate report , the government disclosed that [suses] for unemployment benefits dropped to a five-month low in the week ending april 4 .

It also has some promising projects applying its defence technology for civil applications .
it also has some promising projects applying its defence technology for civil [suses] .

On top of this , the cell delivers large current densities ( more than 12 mA cm -2 ) , is highly stable and is cheap , making practical applications at last feasible .
on top of this , the cell delivers large current densities ( more than 12 ma cm -2 ) , is highly stable and is cheap , making practical [suses] at last feasible .

Richard Hazleton , president of Dow Corning Europe , said in a statement that the decision ‘ reflects Dow Corning 's optimism that the long term growth and expansion of the markets and applications for silicones is undiminished ’ .
richard hazleton , president of dow corning europe , said in a statement that the decision ‘ reflects dow corning 's optimism that the long term growth and expansion of the markets and [suses] for silicones is undiminished ’ .

Baldry said that the refusal has no bearing on the six other planning applications for toxic waste plants being considered by the Department of the Environment , ‘ each site will be considered on its own merits ’ .
baldry said that the refusal has no bearing on the six other planning [suses] for toxic waste plants being considered by the department of the environment , ‘ each site will be considered on its own merits ’ .

Dage has introduced an improved version of its disposable user comfort and increased protective coverall , offering enhanced protection for a variety of industrial and commercial applications .
dage has introduced an improved version of its disposable user comfort and increased protective coverall , offering enhanced protection for a variety of industrial and commercial [suses] .

According to Magnet Applications , the Berkhamsted-based Cookson subsidiary , the number of magnets used in cars has risen from a handful 20 years ago to about 80 now , rising to perhaps 200 in a couple of years ' time as automatic windows and sunroofs etc become more widespread .
according to magnet [suses] , the berkhamsted-based cookson subsidiary , the number of magnets used in cars has risen from a handful 20 years ago to about 80 now , rising to perhaps 200 in a couple of years ' time as automatic windows and sunroofs etc become more widespread .

They are fully microprocessor controlled and can be used for both scanning and non scanning applications .
they are fully microprocessor controlled and can be used for both scanning and non scanning [suses] .

Otherwise , the problem may be overcome by developing moisture-conserving formulations for applications .
otherwise , the problem may be overcome by developing moisture-conserving formulations for [suses] .

The specific applications of these three fungi are illustrated in Table 1 .
the specific [suses] of these three fungi are illustrated in table 1 .

The after dinner speaker was Professor Heinz Wolff , of Brunel University , who gave a witty and entertaining talk on the possible applications of chemistry to manned space travel .
the after dinner speaker was professor heinz wolff , of brunel university , who gave a witty and entertaining talk on the possible [suses] of chemistry to manned space travel .

’ Only 37 per cent agreed that employers handled applications efficiently and fairly against nearly 70 per cent who thought that universities and polytechnics did so .
’ only 37 per cent agreed that employers handled [suses] efficiently and fairly against nearly 70 per cent who thought that universities and polytechnics did so .

It will also decrease the likelihood of catching hardened computer criminals by turning informers into criminals , and allow computer manufacturers to carry on selling insecure computers for applications where they should not be used .
it will also decrease the likelihood of catching hardened computer criminals by turning informers into criminals , and allow computer manufacturers to carry on selling insecure computers for [suses] where they should not be used .

Mr Sweet has already lost planning applications , High Court hearings and a Crown Court prosecution , yet still fights on .
mr sweet has already lost planning [suses] , high court hearings and a crown court prosecution , yet still fights on .

The company has received applications for 6.615 million shares .
the company has received [suses] for 6.615 million shares .

‘ The response has been fantastic particularly from Millwall supporters , many of whom brought their applications into The Den ( home of the football club ) , ’ said the chairman , Reg Burr .
‘ the response has been fantastic particularly from millwall supporters , many of whom brought their [suses] into the den ( home of the football club ) , ’ said the chairman , reg burr .

Applications for 15,000 shares or fewer will be granted in full .
[suses] for 15,000 shares or fewer will be granted in full .

But you get in nowhere without a pass , applications for which are vetted by the Special Branch , and this year hundreds of passes went missing and had to be queued for .
but you get in nowhere without a pass , [suses] for which are vetted by the special branch , and this year hundreds of passes went missing and had to be queued for .

‘ The trial shows that by careful choice and timing of cultivations and herbicide applications it is possible blackgrass control even in areas where the yield-robbing weed is out of control , ’ explains Ciba-Geigy 's Andy Pigott .
‘ the trial shows that by careful choice and timing of cultivations and herbicide [suses] it is possible blackgrass control even in areas where the yield-robbing weed is out of control , ’ explains ciba-geigy 's andy pigott .

The applications of copper-based metals were extensive , and as new alloys became available through developments in smelting they were exploited in new ways .
the [suses] of copper-based metals were extensive , and as new alloys became available through developments in smelting they were exploited in new ways .

These are only a few examples of the applications of scientific research to metal artefacts .
these are only a few examples of the [suses] of scientific research to metal artefacts .

Dating techniques are many and varied , with similarly diverse applications .
dating techniques are many and varied , with similarly diverse [suses] .

The power and wide-ranging applications of mathematics quickly gave it recognition as a discipline in its own right , whose theorems have now been brought to bear on problems in every field of knowledge .
the power and wide-ranging [suses] of mathematics quickly gave it recognition as a discipline in its own right , whose theorems have now been brought to bear on problems in every field of knowledge .

It also has applications in field archaeology where financial or time constraints preclude excavation of more than part of a site , and where it is therefore important that the excavated part yields as much information as possible .
it also has [suses] in field archaeology where financial or time constraints preclude excavation of more than part of a site , and where it is therefore important that the excavated part yields as much information as possible .

This means that multi-dimensional scaling has applications in many areas of work , as we can see from the following examples .
this means that multi-dimensional scaling has [suses] in many areas of work , as we can see from the following examples .

Let us now turn to another example of how mathematics , through the breadth of its applications , allows us to attack more than one problem with a single weapon .
let us now turn to another example of how mathematics , through the breadth of its [suses] , allows us to attack more than one problem with a single weapon .

The computer allows us to make almost unlimited calculations , and indeed the larger the sample the better for statistical applications .
the computer allows us to make almost unlimited calculations , and indeed the larger the sample the better for statistical [suses] .

This brief survey has provided at least a taste of current applications of mathematics and computers in the service of museums and archaeology .
this brief survey has provided at least a taste of current [suses] of mathematics and computers in the service of museums and archaeology .

Since 1973 , an annual conference devoted to the applications of computing and mathematics to archaeology has been held at varying locations in Britain .
since 1973 , an annual conference devoted to the [suses] of computing and mathematics to archaeology has been held at varying locations in britain .

Different departments require a different degree of detail for different research applications .
different departments require a different degree of detail for different research [suses] .

Amphoterics are high foaming and extremely efficient detergents but their expense tends to rule them out for all but specialist applications .
amphoterics are high foaming and extremely efficient detergents but their expense tends to rule them out for all but specialist [suses] .

In many applications this is the limiting factor .
in many [suses] this is the limiting factor .

For certain applications however steam is effective .
for certain [suses] however steam is effective .

Advised usage : on the best products this is incorporated into labelling giving concise dilution rates and applications , in a bold clear form , with illustrations where appropriate .
advised usage : on the best products this is incorporated into labelling giving concise dilution rates and [suses] , in a bold clear form , with illustrations where appropriate .

They are used in many applications from catering dishwashing machines , pressure jet cleaners ( qv ) mechanical bottle and tray washers to complex clean in place systems and pipeline cleaners .
they are used in many [suses] from catering dishwashing machines , pressure jet cleaners ( qv ) mechanical bottle and tray washers to complex clean in place systems and pipeline cleaners .

Because they are commonly used for spray applications packaging frequently incorporates a spray device or a hand sprayer is supplied .
because they are commonly used for spray [suses] packaging frequently incorporates a spray device or a hand sprayer is supplied .

Many floor cleaners are alkali powder degreasers and are eminently suitable for friers and other applications .
many floor cleaners are alkali powder degreasers and are eminently suitable for friers and other [suses] .

Non-wovens therefore tend to be a compromise suited to particular applications .
non-wovens therefore tend to be a compromise suited to particular [suses] .

Wire brushes : More common in engineering and building trades these brushes , nevertheless , have applications in the food industries particularly for heavy cleaning .
wire brushes : more common in engineering and building trades these brushes , nevertheless , have [suses] in the food industries particularly for heavy cleaning .

Other examples of applications of high energy technology to agriculture and stock-rearing , such as deep boreholes in semi-arid areas are discussed by Cliffe and Moorsom ( 1979 ) , and Kassapu ( 1979 ) , where it becomes even more difficult for those with dwindling resources to avail themselves of soil conserving and yield enhancing new technologies .
other examples of [suses] of high energy technology to agriculture and stock-rearing , such as deep boreholes in semi-arid areas are discussed by cliffe and moorsom ( 1979 ) , and kassapu ( 1979 ) , where it becomes even more difficult for those with dwindling resources to avail themselves of soil conserving and yield enhancing new technologies .

He made applications and was regularly turned down .
he made [suses] and was regularly turned down .

When one came up in his own department there were 600 applications .
when one came up in his own department there were 600 [suses] .

Applications of computing technology in the G-Mex Centre , Manchester .
[suses] of computing technology in the g-mex centre , manchester .

Associated with the different applications of heavy and lightweight structures for energy conservation was the entrants ' grasp of a need for zoning and the convenience of localised control .
associated with the different [suses] of heavy and lightweight structures for energy conservation was the entrants ' grasp of a need for zoning and the convenience of localised control .

Below we publish details of new products , interesting applications and company developments
below we publish details of new products , interesting [suses] and company developments

Six wood veneers in Natural or Surfaced finishes are currently available and it is anticipated that appropriate applications will be for wall panelling and furniture .
six wood veneers in natural or surfaced finishes are currently available and it is anticipated that appropriate [suses] will be for wall panelling and furniture .

In January there had been twenty-six fresh applications ; the marriage rate in Derry was 420 per year and there were at least one thousand applicants on the waiting list .
in january there had been twenty-six fresh [suses] ; the marriage rate in derry was 420 per year and there were at least one thousand applicants on the waiting list .

Ministers may try to make a statement ( they secure this every Thursday with the weekly business statement ) ; the Opposition may seek to have a Private Notice Question ; the Government prefer to have a debate on a Government motion or bill ; the Opposition would like to have an Opposition Day when it opens the debate ; and backbenchers seek to get in with points of order and applications for emergency debates .
ministers may try to make a statement ( they secure this every thursday with the weekly business statement ) ; the opposition may seek to have a private notice question ; the government prefer to have a debate on a government motion or bill ; the opposition would like to have an opposition day when it opens the debate ; and backbenchers seek to get in with points of order and [suses] for emergency debates .

The extent to which these tactics are successful — and indeed the extent to which they are tried ( early evidence from January and February 1990 indicated a decrease in the numbers of statements , Private Notice Questions , applications for emergency debates and points of order compared with previous sessions — is a matter of some speculation .
the extent to which these tactics are successful — and indeed the extent to which they are tried ( early evidence from january and february 1990 indicated a decrease in the numbers of statements , private notice questions , [suses] for emergency debates and points of order compared with previous sessions — is a matter of some speculation .

Applications from parents have more than doubled in three years .
[suses] from parents have more than doubled in three years .

Junior accountants at Price Waterhouse , one of the big six firms , have been told that now is the time to take their once-in-a-lifetime world tour or perhaps a summer stint as a yacht deckhand and that applications for extended unpaid leave ‘ will be looked on favourably ’ .
junior accountants at price waterhouse , one of the big six firms , have been told that now is the time to take their once-in-a-lifetime world tour or perhaps a summer stint as a yacht deckhand and that [suses] for extended unpaid leave ‘ will be looked on favourably ’ .

Its applications include word processing , and it may eventually supersede Psion 's seven-year-old Organiser range of electronic notebooks , which has been losing momentum as the market for such gadgets has matured .
its [suses] include word processing , and it may eventually supersede psion 's seven-year-old organiser range of electronic notebooks , which has been losing momentum as the market for such gadgets has matured .

Ocean has lodged planning applications for a waste-to-energy facility in south London and a toxic waste incinerator near Middlesbrough .
ocean has lodged planning [suses] for a waste-to-energy facility in south london and a toxic waste incinerator near middlesbrough .

He said the computer technique had important forensic applications .
he said the computer technique had important forensic [suses] .

If the wood is very badly stained , it may require two applications of bleach .
if the wood is very badly stained , it may require two [suses] of bleach .

For most applications , you can use a try square to set the table at 90° , but the table can be angled downwards and locked for sanding angles down to 45° .
for most [suses] , you can use a try square to set the table at 90° , but the table can be angled downwards and locked for sanding angles down to 45° .

Possible applications range from loft insulation to making fitted furniture , so selecting the right board for the job is vital .
possible [suses] range from loft insulation to making fitted furniture , so selecting the right board for the job is vital .

Also please note that any Training Fund applications submitted within the last four weeks for courses organised by the Training Division have already been forwarded to them for attention .
also please note that any training fund [suses] submitted within the last four weeks for courses organised by the training division have already been forwarded to them for attention .

The Fieldwork Department will retain the responsibility for applications for grants to cover the costs of courses and training initiatives provided by the Age Concern England Management Development Unit , and all other training providers .
the fieldwork department will retain the responsibility for [suses] for grants to cover the costs of courses and training initiatives provided by the age concern england management development unit , and all other training providers .

The existing conditions continue to apply and applications should be sent to the Grants Officer at Astral House .
the existing conditions continue to apply and [suses] should be sent to the grants officer at astral house .

Field Officers will continue to comment upon all applications so you should discuss all plants for training with them .
field officers will continue to comment upon all [suses] so you should discuss all plants for training with them .

Until further notice Counsel and Care will not be able to consider new applications for financial help with home fees , the cost of care at home or single need payments .
until further notice counsel and care will not be able to consider new [suses] for financial help with home fees , the cost of care at home or single need payments .

9,775 applications for review were received , an increase of 24 % on 1989–90 .
9,775 [suses] for review were received , an increase of 24 % on 1989–90 .

The aim to clear applications within six weeks was achieved from August to December 1990 but the backlog then rose to eight weeks as applications increased .
the aim to clear [suses] within six weeks was achieved from august to december 1990 but the backlog then rose to eight weeks as [suses] increased .

The trustees of the award , which is aimed at young and relatively unknown mountaineers , are anxious to encourage more applications , so get weaving .
the trustees of the award , which is aimed at young and relatively unknown mountaineers , are anxious to encourage more [suses] , so get weaving .

771 Applications
771 [suses]

The upper critical field was estimated to be about 800,000 times stronger than the earth 's magnetic field , advantageous for applications of the superconductor .
the upper critical field was estimated to be about 800,000 times stronger than the earth 's magnetic field , advantageous for [suses] of the superconductor .

The book is a storehouse of information that will be of lasting value to anyone involved in the design of filters , A-to-D conversion , convolution , Fourier and many other applications , with not a soldering iron in sight .
the book is a storehouse of information that will be of lasting value to anyone involved in the design of filters , a-to-d conversion , convolution , fourier and many other [suses] , with not a soldering iron in sight .

Many real-time applications require source code written in assembler , and most assemblers have relatively steep learning curves for DSPs .
many real-time [suses] require source code written in assembler , and most assemblers have relatively steep learning curves for dsps .

Fibre optics , communications systems , integrated circuits and digital signal processing were all well represented and , strikingly , most of the research is aimed at practical applications .
fibre optics , communications systems , integrated circuits and digital signal processing were all well represented and , strikingly , most of the research is aimed at practical [suses] .

To develop a recovery method , Morgan , Saunders and Pickup used a Gem called Pseudomonas putida mt-2 , a modified common soil bacterium which may have wide applications for destroying toxic substances .
to develop a recovery method , morgan , saunders and pickup used a gem called pseudomonas putida mt-2 , a modified common soil bacterium which may have wide [suses] for destroying toxic substances .

Applications for voluntary repatriation virtually dried up .
[suses] for voluntary repatriation virtually dried up .

Flotation advisers declined to predict the total number of applications .
flotation advisers declined to predict the total number of [suses] .

All forms are being checked by Price Waterhouse computer systems to weed out illegal multiple applications .
all forms are being checked by price waterhouse computer systems to weed out illegal multiple [suses] .

Mr Goodstadt says : ‘ Until recently , further opportunities for planting were becoming increasingly restricted to the residue of highly sensitive uplands , where contentious applications conflicted with the interests of wildlife , landscape and water resources . ’
mr goodstadt says : ‘ until recently , further opportunities for planting were becoming increasingly restricted to the residue of highly sensitive uplands , where contentious [suses] conflicted with the interests of wildlife , landscape and water resources . ’

There were , in spite of that , some quite complex applications , such as monitoring and scheduling the progress of orders and jobs , warehouse and stock control and networking .
there were , in spite of that , some quite complex [suses] , such as monitoring and scheduling the progress of orders and jobs , warehouse and stock control and networking .

Flotation advisers declined to predict the total number of applications .
flotation advisers declined to predict the total number of [suses] .

All forms are being checked by Price Waterhouse computer systems to weed out illegal multiple applications .
all forms are being checked by price waterhouse computer systems to weed out illegal multiple [suses] .

British Telecom and Rolls-Royce each attracted only 2.1million applications .
british telecom and rolls-royce each attracted only 2.1million [suses] .

If public applications reach 2.25million , a further clawback will be triggered to give individuals 50 per cent of the shares .
if public [suses] reach 2.25million , a further clawback will be triggered to give individuals 50 per cent of the shares .

Some criterion must then be devised for dividing these shares between the potentially more than 2 million investor applications .
some criterion must then be devised for dividing these shares between the potentially more than 2 million investor [suses] .

Millions who applied for the minimum 100 shares in the great water sell-off are likely today to be told their applications are being met in full despite a huge oversubcription to the £5.24billion privatisation .
millions who applied for the minimum 100 shares in the great water sell-off are likely today to be told their [suses] are being met in full despite a huge oversubcription to the £5.24billion privatisation .

But applications for larger numbers of shares are likely to be scaled back substantially after the offer was oversubscribed by 4.7 times ..
but [suses] for larger numbers of shares are likely to be scaled back substantially after the offer was oversubscribed by 4.7 times ..

The workload of the British Patent Office is falling as more applications are filed with the European Patent Office in Munich .
the workload of the british patent office is falling as more [suses] are filed with the european patent office in munich .

Applications for next year 's Fellowships are invited from people aged eighteen to thirty .
[suses] for next year 's fellowships are invited from people aged eighteen to thirty .

The closing date for applications is 1 December 1990 .
the closing date for [suses] is 1 december 1990 .

And that it may have practical applications .
and that it may have practical [suses] .

Only 170 Arabs had made successful applications in five years .
only 170 arabs had made successful [suses] in five years .

The vast majority of cases begin as applications by individuals against their own states .
the vast majority of cases begin as [suses] by individuals against their own states .

Unlike applications for interception in other criminal cases there was no procedure for judicial authorization in the case of security applications .
unlike [suses] for interception in other criminal cases there was no procedure for judicial authorization in the case of security [suses] .

The Lord Chief Justice , Lord Lane , admitted that it did a bench of magistrates no ‘ credit if their clerk continues to affix standard conditions to bail forms even while applications are being made for unconditional bail ’ .
the lord chief justice , lord lane , admitted that it did a bench of magistrates no ‘ credit if their clerk continues to affix standard conditions to bail forms even while [suses] are being made for unconditional bail ’ .

He could live happily among poor working people on his holidays , but found immense pleasure in staying in a French house so grand that a servant squeezed the tubes of toothpaste between applications .
he could live happily among poor working people on his holidays , but found immense pleasure in staying in a french house so grand that a servant squeezed the tubes of toothpaste between [suses] .

What were the medical applications of , say , arsenic ?
what were the medical [suses] of , say , arsenic ?

That Durham were able to make such a smooth start to their first-class life was an administrative triumph , and the fact that a fresh pile of membership applications arrived daily on the desk of the chief executive , Mike Gear , was its own tribute .
that durham were able to make such a smooth start to their first-class life was an administrative triumph , and the fact that a fresh pile of membership [suses] arrived daily on the desk of the chief executive , mike gear , was its own tribute .

As soon as you start applying a tourniquet then write on your arm or leg with a pen the time that applications started .
as soon as you start applying a tourniquet then write on your arm or leg with a pen the time that [suses] started .

It was in this atmosphere of unease that the Younger Committee reported ; about computers it had to say that , restricted as it was to investigating private sector applications , it had no evidence of abuse , but that there was a possibility and apprehension of abuse in the future .
it was in this atmosphere of unease that the younger committee reported ; about computers it had to say that , restricted as it was to investigating private sector [suses] , it had no evidence of abuse , but that there was a possibility and apprehension of abuse in the future .

No estimates could be made of the number of systems or the number of applications involving personal data — guesses ranged from 50,000 to 350,000 .
no estimates could be made of the number of systems or the number of [suses] involving personal data — guesses ranged from 50,000 to 350,000 .

Employing around 1,600 people , the Works manufactures steel tube for a wide variety of applications in the construction , engineering and energy-related industries worldwide .
employing around 1,600 people , the works manufactures steel tube for a wide variety of [suses] in the construction , engineering and energy-related industries worldwide .

It has never been the policy of National Parks to accept large housing estates , but applications for tourist complexes are now cropping up with alarming frequency at planning meetings .
it has never been the policy of national parks to accept large housing estates , but [suses] for tourist complexes are now cropping up with alarming frequency at planning meetings .

At the moment the Parks have to prove that a proposed development is not in keeping with the environment if they want to turn down planning applications .
at the moment the parks have to prove that a proposed development is not in keeping with the environment if they want to turn down planning [suses] .

This may be so but , once one developer has been let in , the decision could open the floodgate for scores of unsuitable , unnecessary applications .
this may be so but , once one developer has been let in , the decision could open the floodgate for scores of unsuitable , unnecessary [suses] .

It is essential if you are to have a clear mind about each particular job and interview that you keep your applications and all the information relevant to them methodically filed and easily accessible .
it is essential if you are to have a clear mind about each particular job and interview that you keep your [suses] and all the information relevant to them methodically filed and easily accessible .

Applying method to job applications
applying method to job [suses]

There are no easy answers but If you have not already been applying all the techniques listed in this book when applying for jobs you should find that a methodical approach is more productive than previous haphazard applications .
there are no easy answers but if you have not already been applying all the techniques listed in this book when applying for jobs you should find that a methodical approach is more productive than previous haphazard [suses] .

Settling down to approach the problem in an organized fashion , alone or with someone else , will help you reassess your own attitude and if you are more positive this will come over in your applications .
settling down to approach the problem in an organized fashion , alone or with someone else , will help you reassess your own attitude and if you are more positive this will come over in your [suses] .

adopt a methodical approach to job applications
adopt a methodical approach to job [suses]

Job application Name of job , where seen advertised , date available to start , any previous applications to the same company .
job application name of job , where seen advertised , date available to start , any previous [suses] to the same company .

There are three key applications of the census .
there are three key [suses] of the census .

Appeals to Bloomsbury House to support job training and applications throw up some curious details : ‘ Ruth needs 2 prs .
appeals to bloomsbury house to support job training and [suses] throw up some curious details : ‘ ruth needs 2 prs .

Advances in automation , the development of word-processors and the many other applications of information technology have all been blamed for rising unemployment .
advances in automation , the development of word-processors and the many other [suses] of information technology have all been blamed for rising unemployment .

Priority between applications is partly based on frequency of paid training in past and partly on use made of attendances on return , e.g .
priority between [suses] is partly based on frequency of paid training in past and partly on use made of attendances on return , e.g .

Despite the nationwide demographic downtrend of the last ten years , student applications to Bristol have doubled .
despite the nationwide demographic downtrend of the last ten years , student [suses] to bristol have doubled .

Our client operates an equal opportunities policy and positively welcomes applications from ethnic minorities , Hispanics , the disabled , and persons of restricted height .
our client operates an equal opportunities policy and positively welcomes [suses] from ethnic minorities , hispanics , the disabled , and persons of restricted height .

Planning is divided between county councils and district councils with the day to day administration of planning applications resting mainly with the district councils .
planning is divided between county councils and district councils with the day to day administration of planning [suses] resting mainly with the district councils .

for example , most borough and district councils have a sub-committee adjudicating on planning applications .
for example , most borough and district councils have a sub-committee adjudicating on planning [suses] .

Philip Tickner reported on planning applications , saying that the request to convert a barn at Pingleston into part living accommodation had been refused , and that application has been made to replace a bungalow at Godsfield , with a four bedroomed house .
philip tickner reported on planning [suses] , saying that the request to convert a barn at pingleston into part living accommodation had been refused , and that application has been made to replace a bungalow at godsfield , with a four bedroomed house .

Applications will now be invited for the post of Sussex Downs Officer , who will be the board 's principal adviser and executive officer .
[suses] will now be invited for the post of sussex downs officer , who will be the board 's principal adviser and executive officer .

These advances in automation , together with economies forced upon libraries by diminishing bookfunds , have generated some encouraging developments in the applications of logistic theories to public library bookstocks .
these advances in automation , together with economies forced upon libraries by diminishing bookfunds , have generated some encouraging developments in the [suses] of logistic theories to public library bookstocks .

Some have occurred as a result of lime and fertiliser applications coupled with more intensive grazing of livestock .
some have occurred as a result of lime and fertiliser [suses] coupled with more intensive grazing of livestock .

Floristically rich ( and thereby often entomologically rich ) pastures and hay meadows , traditionally managed for many years , perhaps always since woodland clearance , can have their interest destroyed simply by one ploughing or by occasional applications of inorganic fertiliser .
floristically rich ( and thereby often entomologically rich ) pastures and hay meadows , traditionally managed for many years , perhaps always since woodland clearance , can have their interest destroyed simply by one ploughing or by occasional [suses] of inorganic fertiliser .

Taiwan accounted for 29 per cent of aggregate demand in 1991 , and this will decrease to 26 per cent by 2000 , while South Korea will show strong growth through slower movement of the manufacturing base and increased engineering polymer penetration into automotive applications .
taiwan accounted for 29 per cent of aggregate demand in 1991 , and this will decrease to 26 per cent by 2000 , while south korea will show strong growth through slower movement of the manufacturing base and increased engineering polymer penetration into automotive [suses] .

The growing demands and applications being made of plastics are filtering through to the additive market , requiring them to be constantly updated and made more efficient , and thus leading to higher prices , explained the report .
the growing demands and [suses] being made of plastics are filtering through to the additive market , requiring them to be constantly updated and made more efficient , and thus leading to higher prices , explained the report .

Carbohydrate-based drugs fall into several categories including polysaccharides , oligosaccharides , monosaccharide derivatives and cyclodextrins , and each category is likely to have distinct applications including anti-viral , anti-bacterial and anti-thrombotic uses in various cardiovascular applications .
carbohydrate-based drugs fall into several categories including polysaccharides , oligosaccharides , monosaccharide derivatives and cyclodextrins , and each category is likely to have distinct [suses] including anti-viral , anti-bacterial and anti-thrombotic uses in various cardiovascular [suses] .

Applications for the new Queen 's award will be sought in the summer , with the first winners announced on 21 April 1993 .
[suses] for the new queen 's award will be sought in the summer , with the first winners announced on 21 april 1993 .

Many of the applications of FELs are logical extrapolations from existing lower power sources , but some of the most exciting future developments can not yet be predicted .
many of the [suses] of fels are logical extrapolations from existing lower power sources , but some of the most exciting future developments can not yet be predicted .

These fascinating devices , halfway between lasers and particle accelerators , continue to develop , at least at the pace of the past decade , and will be very much in demand in applications requiring a combination of high peak power , broad tunability and short pulse length , along with excellent beam quality .
these fascinating devices , halfway between lasers and particle accelerators , continue to develop , at least at the pace of the past decade , and will be very much in demand in [suses] requiring a combination of high peak power , broad tunability and short pulse length , along with excellent beam quality .

For example , the time spent on processing the applications and on selection itself .
for example , the time spent on processing the [suses] and on selection itself .

The applications sometimes know this because the employer says so in acknowledging the first approach .
the [suses] sometimes know this because the employer says so in acknowledging the first approach .

The theoretical aspects of these techniques are well covered but the environmental applications are rather sparse .
the theoretical aspects of these techniques are well covered but the environmental [suses] are rather sparse .

Within each chapter the chemical and physical properties and applications of a wide range of surfactants are succinctly and lucidly described ( toxicological and environmental data is left to an appendix ) .
within each chapter the chemical and physical properties and [suses] of a wide range of surfactants are succinctly and lucidly described ( toxicological and environmental data is left to an appendix ) .

The molecular Spectroscopy Group is inviting applications for the 1992 Harry Willis prize for analytical spectroscopy .
the molecular spectroscopy group is inviting [suses] for the 1992 harry willis prize for analytical spectroscopy .

Applications will be considered by a fellowship committee and the holder will be required to submit a formal report on the work accomplished .
[suses] will be considered by a fellowship committee and the holder will be required to submit a formal report on the work accomplished .

Applications are limited to one per department and must be submitted through the head of that department .
[suses] are limited to one per department and must be submitted through the head of that department .

Vitrinite reflectance data have been used in structural studies with the principal applications being the estimate of removed overburden at unconformities and the recognition of repeated section caused by faults ( Dow , 1977 ) .
vitrinite reflectance data have been used in structural studies with the principal [suses] being the estimate of removed overburden at unconformities and the recognition of repeated section caused by faults ( dow , 1977 ) .

However , this initial , albeit restricted , study has demonstrated the usefulness of vitrinite reflectance data in other than strictly maturation-related applications .
however , this initial , albeit restricted , study has demonstrated the usefulness of vitrinite reflectance data in other than strictly maturation-related [suses] .

After the user requirement had been produced , and the options for system development had been considered , it was agreed that it would be most cost-effective if suitable applications software could be identified , which would also reduce the time required for installation .
after the user requirement had been produced , and the options for system development had been considered , it was agreed that it would be most cost-effective if suitable [suses] software could be identified , which would also reduce the time required for installation .

This same point was made earlier during the discussion of general applications , and examples were given of how it can assist with such things as planning , exploring relationships , putting particular aspects of an organisation into context , etc ; in other words , using it as a basis for creative thinking and logical deduction .
this same point was made earlier during the discussion of general [suses] , and examples were given of how it can assist with such things as planning , exploring relationships , putting particular aspects of an organisation into context , etc ; in other words , using it as a basis for creative thinking and logical deduction .

Information usage : this was problematic due to the diversity of sources , such as planning applications , conservation areas , highways design specifications , and so on , involving communication with external bodies as well as other departments of the Council .
information usage : this was problematic due to the diversity of sources , such as planning [suses] , conservation areas , highways design specifications , and so on , involving communication with external bodies as well as other departments of the council .

For example , all sections that dealt with Planning Applications from District Councils preferred to use the District Council reference as a common base for their filing systems .
for example , all sections that dealt with planning [suses] from district councils preferred to use the district council reference as a common base for their filing systems .

Overall , with the possible exception of Planning Applications , most references were subject-based , and , although in broad terms certain subject matters were the same , at a working level the information needs were totally dissimilar , reflected in the manner of structuring the reference codes .
overall , with the possible exception of planning [suses] , most references were subject-based , and , although in broad terms certain subject matters were the same , at a working level the information needs were totally dissimilar , reflected in the manner of structuring the reference codes .

Informal Applications
informal [suses]

Successive applications of the method using different combinations of the Killing vectors yield metrics which depend on the order of the vectors used .
successive [suses] of the method using different combinations of the killing vectors yield metrics which depend on the order of the vectors used .

Any account of these milestones has to bear both applications in mind .
any account of these milestones has to bear both [suses] in mind .

Often a tape is purchased , with the hypnotist 's voice making new suggestions such as ‘ you will be relaxed at the start of your next race ’ , or ‘ when you reach the half-way point in the race , you will find new energy ’ or ‘ when you go to the next committee meeting , you will not feel dominated by the others , but will feel free to express your views without fear ’ : the applications of this technique are endless .
often a tape is purchased , with the hypnotist 's voice making new suggestions such as ‘ you will be relaxed at the start of your next race ’ , or ‘ when you reach the half-way point in the race , you will find new energy ’ or ‘ when you go to the next committee meeting , you will not feel dominated by the others , but will feel free to express your views without fear ’ : the [suses] of this technique are endless .

Open to all the room houses and shows the latest applications of advanced telecommunications and information technology .
open to all the room houses and shows the latest [suses] of advanced telecommunications and information technology .

The Bond will commence on 17 June 1992 although applications must be received by 29 May 1992 .
the bond will commence on 17 june 1992 although [suses] must be received by 29 may 1992 .

Some students felt they had been rather hard pressed in relation to their knowledge of chemistry , but Coleman rightly said that a properly educated gentleman could be expected to understand the general principles and applications of chemical science .
some students felt they had been rather hard pressed in relation to their knowledge of chemistry , but coleman rightly said that a properly educated gentleman could be expected to understand the general principles and [suses] of chemical science .

Learning encompasses understandings and skills , and their applications ; learning informs our behaviour and attitudes — what we do and why .
learning encompasses understandings and skills , and their [suses] ; learning informs our behaviour and attitudes — what we do and why .

District councils receive and decide the majority of planning applications , with the exception of a small number which refer to county matters , the most relevant of which , from the point of view of odour pollution , being waste disposal applications .
district councils receive and decide the majority of planning [suses] , with the exception of a small number which refer to county matters , the most relevant of which , from the point of view of odour pollution , being waste disposal [suses] .

When determining planning applications planning authorities are required to have regard to structure and local plans .
when determining planning [suses] planning authorities are required to have regard to structure and local plans .

Some typical applications of counteractants recommended by the makers are provided below .
some typical [suses] of counteractants recommended by the makers are provided below .

The end-result of this will be to increase dramatically the proportion of local income which is funded by government grant , since the only sources of local income will be the community charge ( poll tax ) and specific fees and charges for planning applications and the use of leisure facilities , for example .
the end-result of this will be to increase dramatically the proportion of local income which is funded by government grant , since the only sources of local income will be the community charge ( poll tax ) and specific fees and charges for planning [suses] and the use of leisure facilities , for example .

The mutual recognition provisions apply where applications are made simultaneously or within a short interval of one another for admission of the same securities to official listing on stock exchanges in two or more member states .
the mutual recognition provisions apply where [suses] are made simultaneously or within a short interval of one another for admission of the same securities to official listing on stock exchanges in two or more member states .

Applications of expert systems in aircraft maintenance include :
[suses] of expert systems in aircraft maintenance include :

The survey ( 6 ) of the applications and markets for expert systems shows that :
the survey ( 6 ) of the [suses] and markets for expert systems shows that :

the expert systems will interact directly with health and usage monitoring data leading to ‘ Intelligent monitoring ’ applications ;
the expert systems will interact directly with health and usage monitoring data leading to ‘ intelligent monitoring ’ [suses] ;

such applications will deliver expertise that is ‘ on line all the time ’ ;
such [suses] will deliver expertise that is ‘ on line all the time ’ ;

This situation has accelerated the user experience of expert systems , and has given rise to the increasingly sophisticated applications in which expert systems can have combinations of simulation facilities , database links , graphic interfaces and speech recognition facilities .
this situation has accelerated the user experience of expert systems , and has given rise to the increasingly sophisticated [suses] in which expert systems can have combinations of simulation facilities , database links , graphic interfaces and speech recognition facilities .

The integration of expert systems technology with existing real-world applications boosts the efficiency and productivity of those applications and the quality of their solutions .
the integration of expert systems technology with existing real-world [suses] boosts the efficiency and productivity of those [suses] and the quality of their solutions .

Advanced expert systems provide for the integration with conventional applications software .
advanced expert systems provide for the integration with conventional [suses] software .

Advanced expert systems deal with the whole problem solving process from problem sensed to problem overcome , integrating with other conventional applications programs to provide extremely powerful software tools for aircraft maintenance .
advanced expert systems deal with the whole problem solving process from problem sensed to problem overcome , integrating with other conventional [suses] programs to provide extremely powerful software tools for aircraft maintenance .

The society also placed advertisements asking for applications to draw on its funds for the purpose of release from debtors ' prisons , and backed this up by sending two members of the committee on a tour of London 's gaols to receive applications and arrange for the release of ‘ the most distressed objects , preferring the most useful Artists and Manufacturers , and those who have the largest families .
the society also placed advertisements asking for [suses] to draw on its funds for the purpose of release from debtors ' prisons , and backed this up by sending two members of the committee on a tour of london 's gaols to receive [suses] and arrange for the release of ‘ the most distressed objects , preferring the most useful artists and manufacturers , and those who have the largest families .

Their advertisement inviting applications read :
their advertisement inviting [suses] read :

In 1987 , 103,078 applications were made for one of these , and 53,297 issued .
in 1987 , 103,078 [suses] were made for one of these , and 53,297 issued .

Jewish weddings are both religious and civil so therefore two official applications for marriage are necessary .
jewish weddings are both religious and civil so therefore two official [suses] for marriage are necessary .

Maddock urged the laboratories to set up ‘ industrial applications units ’ to find civil uses for their projects .
maddock urged the laboratories to set up ‘ industrial [suses] units ’ to find civil uses for their projects .

As a result of the new scheme , some 3000 , or so applications are notified to the 10 park authorities each year .
as a result of the new scheme , some 3000 , or so [suses] are notified to the 10 park authorities each year .

In the first year of operation 87 per cent of the applications were agreed by the parks without question and a further 12 per cent following modification .
in the first year of operation 87 per cent of the [suses] were agreed by the parks without question and a further 12 per cent following modification .

As a result , farming interests now dominate many of the park committees and there must be doubt as to whether they are able to give proper consideration and weight to the park purposes when agricultural applications are being considered .
as a result , farming interests now dominate many of the park committees and there must be doubt as to whether they are able to give proper consideration and weight to the park purposes when agricultural [suses] are being considered .

Over the past 20 years Japanese computer firms have , in fact , developed highly sophisticated applications software .
over the past 20 years japanese computer firms have , in fact , developed highly sophisticated [suses] software .

And much of the software produced is applications software which is sold as a package with the machines .
and much of the software produced is [suses] software which is sold as a package with the machines .

On applications , a survey by the Policy Studies Institute showed that only 49 per cent of industry is seriously considering microelectronic technology or using it already .
on [suses] , a survey by the policy studies institute showed that only 49 per cent of industry is seriously considering microelectronic technology or using it already .

Microelectronic applications to production machinery usually come in the form of control devices ; so , on the factory floor at least , new technology is essentially bound up with control over the pace of production and the quality of output .
microelectronic [suses] to production machinery usually come in the form of control devices ; so , on the factory floor at least , new technology is essentially bound up with control over the pace of production and the quality of output .

This result has extremely useful applications .
this result has extremely useful [suses] .

Optical fibres are ‘ intrinsically superior to satellite radiocommunications for most applications , ’ says one observer .
optical fibres are ‘ intrinsically superior to satellite radiocommunications for most [suses] , ’ says one observer .

The second laboratory will investigate surface science and catalysis , while the final member of the trio will develop instruments to probe materials and find new applications .
the second laboratory will investigate surface science and catalysis , while the final member of the trio will develop instruments to probe materials and find new [suses] .

It excludes , not only astronomy and particle physics , but nuclear physics , much of radiation and medical physics , acoustics , materials physics , and almost all applications of physics .
it excludes , not only astronomy and particle physics , but nuclear physics , much of radiation and medical physics , acoustics , materials physics , and almost all [suses] of physics .

Applications of pesticides also need to be carefully timed both to have maximum effect on the pest and to avoid damaging natural enemies .
[suses] of pesticides also need to be carefully timed both to have maximum effect on the pest and to avoid damaging natural enemies .

This problem is not uncommon , as many books on computer applications , which might be suitable for undergraduate case studies , are padded out with material readily found in any good general introductory text .
this problem is not uncommon , as many books on computer [suses] , which might be suitable for undergraduate case studies , are padded out with material readily found in any good general introductory text .

In Neutron Sources , various authors review a wide selection of neutron sources and discuss a limited range of applications , with emphasis on nuclear energy .
in neutron sources , various authors review a wide selection of neutron sources and discuss a limited range of [suses] , with emphasis on nuclear energy .

Other ingredients can be added or substituted for different applications .
other ingredients can be added or substituted for different [suses] .

Naisbitt has transferred this technique from intelligence operations to commercial and social applications , with some very interesting results .
naisbitt has transferred this technique from intelligence operations to commercial and social [suses] , with some very interesting results .

• Adverse reactions following gel applications were reported in the British Dental Journal in 1976 ( vol 140 p 307 ) .
• adverse reactions following gel [suses] were reported in the british dental journal in 1976 ( vol 140 p 307 ) .

The applications of a disciplined spatial intuition to art and design , and to the study of natural morphologies in every conceivable science is so great that perhaps we might think of geometry as a semi autonomous department of mathematics with different as well as overlapping purposes to abstract mathematics .
the [suses] of a disciplined spatial intuition to art and design , and to the study of natural morphologies in every conceivable science is so great that perhaps we might think of geometry as a semi autonomous department of mathematics with different as well as overlapping purposes to abstract mathematics .

Industrialists have complained of delays in getting applications for cash through the governments bureaucracy ( New Scientist , 7 April , p 22 ) .
industrialists have complained of delays in getting [suses] for cash through the governments bureaucracy ( new scientist , 7 april , p 22 ) .

But following a shake up last year in internal procedures , he says that most applications for cash are dealt with in a couple of months at the most .
but following a shake up last year in internal procedures , he says that most [suses] for cash are dealt with in a couple of months at the most .

Yet as a result of the government 's determination to cut the number of civil servants , staff handling the applications can not increase accordingly .
yet as a result of the government 's determination to cut the number of civil servants , staff handling the [suses] can not increase accordingly .

Elsewhere there is a preponderance of older lecturers who have heavy teaching loads , a discouraging success rate for grant applications , and a shortage of people actually to carry out the research , so physics departments have to be very determined indeed to maintain a thriving research programme .
elsewhere there is a preponderance of older lecturers who have heavy teaching loads , a discouraging success rate for grant [suses] , and a shortage of people actually to carry out the research , so physics departments have to be very determined indeed to maintain a thriving research programme .

The Royal Society seems to have achieved little in this direction in its early years ; in Paris , however , the academie fostered someone who worked diligently at the applications of science .
the royal society seems to have achieved little in this direction in its early years ; in paris , however , the academie fostered someone who worked diligently at the [suses] of science .

Charcoal is used , almost exclusively , for vehicles and shaftpower applications in Brazil .
charcoal is used , almost exclusively , for vehicles and shaftpower [suses] in brazil .

The government has also handed out £5.5 million to companies using robots in new applications .
the government has also handed out £5.5 million to companies using robots in new [suses] .

In another part of its robots programme , the Department of Industry puts up cash to help firms to pay consultants who advise them on robot applications .
in another part of its robots programme , the department of industry puts up cash to help firms to pay consultants who advise them on robot [suses] .

The research will concentrate on the use of crops to produce energy and fertilisers ; the development of human and animal vaccines to combat tropical diseases ; the improvement of fermentation techniques and the applications of genetic engineering in agriculture and food processing .
the research will concentrate on the use of crops to produce energy and fertilisers ; the development of human and animal vaccines to combat tropical diseases ; the improvement of fermentation techniques and the [suses] of genetic engineering in agriculture and food processing .

Trevor Johnson , the company 's founder , says that focused laser beams have many applications in flexible manufacturing systems .
trevor johnson , the company 's founder , says that focused laser beams have many [suses] in flexible manufacturing systems .

Angled at business applications of information technology , the course covers such relatively novel ideas as office automation , the human aspects of computing , computer aided design and the use of computers to aid in management decision making .
angled at business [suses] of information technology , the course covers such relatively novel ideas as office automation , the human aspects of computing , computer aided design and the use of computers to aid in management decision making .

Applications research ( volume 2 ) embraces the fascinating world of ‘ expert systems ’ , in which human expertise in specific areas can be captured and manipulated in computing systems so as to provide problem-solving advice of high quality and intelligibility .
[suses] research ( volume 2 ) embraces the fascinating world of ‘ expert systems ’ , in which human expertise in specific areas can be captured and manipulated in computing systems so as to provide problem-solving advice of high quality and intelligibility .

There are plenty of books on the applications of information technology and several quite good introductory texts on computing for courses in schools but this is the first to take a general look at information technology in education in its broadest sense .
there are plenty of books on the [suses] of information technology and several quite good introductory texts on computing for courses in schools but this is the first to take a general look at information technology in education in its broadest sense .

At least 200 separate patents applications from universities existed for the biotechnology tools that industry wanted to use .
at least 200 separate patents [suses] from universities existed for the biotechnology tools that industry wanted to use .

Tree physiology and dendrochronology are just two of the possible applications for portable computer tomography .
tree physiology and dendrochronology are just two of the possible [suses] for portable computer tomography .

In addition is a project to explore applications of personal computers in France , with emphasis on the needs of children , unemployed people and the elderly .
in addition is a project to explore [suses] of personal computers in france , with emphasis on the needs of children , unemployed people and the elderly .

The applications of Papert 's ideas to the Third World had more to do with Servan-Schreiber 's priorities , than with the immediate concerns of the computer scientists the politician had gathered .
the [suses] of papert 's ideas to the third world had more to do with servan-schreiber 's priorities , than with the immediate concerns of the computer scientists the politician had gathered .

It could also find applications in coal mining , geothermal wells , and for pipe conduits under roads , where it is not practical to drill straight down .
it could also find [suses] in coal mining , geothermal wells , and for pipe conduits under roads , where it is not practical to drill straight down .

The old British patent laws prohibited applications for perpetual motion machines as unworkable and a waste of Patent Office time .
the old british patent laws prohibited [suses] for perpetual motion machines as unworkable and a waste of patent office time .

He never strays far from elegant applications of the theory to field and laboratory studies , many of them his own .
he never strays far from elegant [suses] of the theory to field and laboratory studies , many of them his own .

The Republic 's 87 planning authorities handle some 50 000 planning applications a year .
the republic 's 87 planning authorities handle some 50 000 planning [suses] a year .

The two research areas on which the government has shed light are machine tools and mechanical engineering , and electronics applications .
the two research areas on which the government has shed light are machine tools and mechanical engineering , and electronics [suses] .

In electronics applications , the DoI says it will have spent £22 million in 1982–83 , compared with the £23.8 million forecast .
in electronics [suses] , the doi says it will have spent £22 million in 1982–83 , compared with the £23.8 million forecast .

The DoI says that there is no shortage of staff to deal with applications for research cash .
the doi says that there is no shortage of staff to deal with [suses] for research cash .

Medical applications also abound .
medical [suses] also abound .

While the successive pages do indicate his point clearly , one can not help wondering whether 40 consecutive pages from the North American Telidon system , and 27 pages Listing topics available on Britain 's Prestel service , information providers and applications are not partly a convenient way of filling space !
while the successive pages do indicate his point clearly , one can not help wondering whether 40 consecutive pages from the north american telidon system , and 27 pages listing topics available on britain 's prestel service , information providers and [suses] are not partly a convenient way of filling space !

The book is good in its description of the present state of technology and well-known applications , and shows the similarity between teletext and viewdata sets .
the book is good in its description of the present state of technology and well-known [suses] , and shows the similarity between teletext and viewdata sets .

We can expect to see even the shortcoming overcome — from past experience the author will produce a sequel which summarises the technology and does better justice to the applications .
we can expect to see even the shortcoming overcome — from past experience the author will produce a sequel which summarises the technology and does better justice to the [suses] .

‘ They would do best to concentrate on technical software , rather than applications where you have to be in close touch with your customers , ’ he said .
‘ they would do best to concentrate on technical software , rather than [suses] where you have to be in close touch with your customers , ’ he said .

In the scramble for posts , universities put in 2250 applications .
in the scramble for posts , universities put in 2250 [suses] .

Meanwhile , the Royal Society has received more than 500 applications from scientists for its own 30 ‘ elite ’ new blood fellowships .
meanwhile , the royal society has received more than 500 [suses] from scientists for its own 30 ‘ elite ’ new blood fellowships .

Committees for four subject groups will sift the applications and suggest short lists to the Royal Society 's Council , which should make the final decisions in May or June .
committees for four subject groups will sift the [suses] and suggest short lists to the royal society 's council , which should make the final decisions in may or june .

But most applications require the transmission of digital messages consisting of binary digits or hits .
but most [suses] require the transmission of digital messages consisting of binary digits or hits .

The technique is likely to have other applications in the electronics industry .
the technique is likely to have other [suses] in the electronics industry .

Other more exotic applications for the device will appear as it undergoes further improvement .
other more exotic [suses] for the device will appear as it undergoes further improvement .

Many doctors and scientists now recognise that acupuncture can be of value for treating pain , and with this have come interesting new applications , bringing together traditional acupuncture and modern conventional medicine , as in electroacupuncture , and the combining of acupuncture analgesia with anaesthetics for major surgery .
many doctors and scientists now recognise that acupuncture can be of value for treating pain , and with this have come interesting new [suses] , bringing together traditional acupuncture and modern conventional medicine , as in electroacupuncture , and the combining of acupuncture analgesia with anaesthetics for major surgery .

In another move , Computer Applications Corporation , a leading Japanese software house , has started a joint venture with a Taiwanese firm called Systex .
in another move , computer [suses] corporation , a leading japanese software house , has started a joint venture with a taiwanese firm called systex .

In Japan , computer users create some 87 per cent of their applications programmes .
in japan , computer users create some 87 per cent of their [suses] programmes .

The manufacturers also assist in developing applications software for specific jobs .
the manufacturers also assist in developing [suses] software for specific jobs .

The generation and behaviour of these beams , explored during the past 10 years , and a survey of possible applications form the subject of the book .
the generation and behaviour of these beams , explored during the past 10 years , and a survey of possible [suses] form the subject of the book .

Amongst other things , the consultants recommended the adoption of a housing policy to cope with the increasing number of planning applications for private houses which were then coming from recently-arrived oil-workers and newly-prosperous Orcadians , as well as the likelihood of even more applications in the future .
amongst other things , the consultants recommended the adoption of a housing policy to cope with the increasing number of planning [suses] for private houses which were then coming from recently-arrived oil-workers and newly-prosperous orcadians , as well as the likelihood of even more [suses] in the future .

The controversy built up around particular decisions to turn down planning applications , with angry scenes in the planning office , complaints to councillors , the involvement of community councils , letters to the local newspaper and the circulation of comment and condemnation by disappointed would-be house-builders .
the controversy built up around particular decisions to turn down planning [suses] , with angry scenes in the planning office , complaints to councillors , the involvement of community councils , letters to the local newspaper and the circulation of comment and condemnation by disappointed would-be house-builders .

Receptive to the idea of ‘ doing something ’ about North Sea oil and its likely consequences for Orkney , of coping with the practical problems of planning applications , of conducting the old County Council and the new Orkney Islands Council along businesslike lines , and conscious of the growing body of government planning legislation , they accepted the idea of planned zones .
receptive to the idea of ‘ doing something ’ about north sea oil and its likely consequences for orkney , of coping with the practical problems of planning [suses] , of conducting the old county council and the new orkney islands council along businesslike lines , and conscious of the growing body of government planning legislation , they accepted the idea of planned zones .

In this endeavour the planners had support in Council since it was believed that national legislation had to be enforced and the result was that Orcadians suffered delays or refusals in their building applications .
in this endeavour the planners had support in council since it was believed that national legislation had to be enforced and the result was that orcadians suffered delays or refusals in their building [suses] .

These two terms relate only to life , and their applications and meanings are neither pre-established nor unchangeable .
these two terms relate only to life , and their [suses] and meanings are neither pre-established nor unchangeable .

This seems to be a word which is used loosely the world over , but nevertheless can be seen to have five fairly easily defined applications or meanings .
this seems to be a word which is used loosely the world over , but nevertheless can be seen to have five fairly easily defined [suses] or meanings .

Indeed in the Future of the Profession Report of 1970 , the text preceding a recommendation that the Institution have a structure of three chapters , stated , inter alia , that ‘ there is an historical nexus between land agency , general practice and building surveying which still validates the view that they are different applications of the same basic skills .
indeed in the future of the profession report of 1970 , the text preceding a recommendation that the institution have a structure of three chapters , stated , inter alia , that ‘ there is an historical nexus between land agency , general practice and building surveying which still validates the view that they are different [suses] of the same basic skills .

Subsequent curriculum development has simultaneously reflected and led the professional work of the Division : in both full- and part-time courses , emphasis has been placed upon such areas as cost-in-use and design and management studies , by way of work activities , and computer applications and energy analysis as forward indicators .
subsequent curriculum development has simultaneously reflected and led the professional work of the division : in both full- and part-time courses , emphasis has been placed upon such areas as cost-in-use and design and management studies , by way of work activities , and computer [suses] and energy analysis as forward indicators .

However , the Secretary of State is not very keen to call in applications and there has to be some substantial justification , e.g .
however , the secretary of state is not very keen to call in [suses] and there has to be some substantial justification , e.g .

In order to give a framework within which decisions on individual applications can be judged , there exists a series of policy documents and maps collectively called development plans .
in order to give a framework within which decisions on individual [suses] can be judged , there exists a series of policy documents and maps collectively called development plans .

Although many authorities can deal with routine applications within the eight weeks allowed to them , applications raising major issues and those dealing with large construction programmes , are extremely unlikely to be dealt with in anything like that period ( statistics on the length of time taken by local authorities in dealing with applications are produced regularly by the Department of the Environment ) .
although many authorities can deal with routine [suses] within the eight weeks allowed to them , [suses] raising major issues and those dealing with large construction programmes , are extremely unlikely to be dealt with in anything like that period ( statistics on the length of time taken by local authorities in dealing with [suses] are produced regularly by the department of the environment ) .

These are only a few of the more common applications of the Technique .
these are only a few of the more common [suses] of the technique .

Chris Webb reported a quiet year for the planning committee , with only 78 applications , most of them for extensions , alterations and change of use , although it had included plans for low cost housing .
chris webb reported a quiet year for the planning committee , with only 78 [suses] , most of them for extensions , alterations and change of use , although it had included plans for low cost housing .

Make certain this is known and make enquiries and applications now to East Hampshire District Council , ’ urged Mr. Croucher .
make certain this is known and make enquiries and [suses] now to east hampshire district council , ’ urged mr. croucher .

Fraud investigators say he posted hundreds of fake job applications last year , a few in Russian , a few in Turkish — anything to impress the big oil companies , some of which flew him to Riyadh and Aberdeen for interviews .
fraud investigators say he posted hundreds of fake job [suses] last year , a few in russian , a few in turkish — anything to impress the big oil companies , some of which flew him to riyadh and aberdeen for interviews .

‘ The company has shrunk a bit since the move , ’ says Phil Longden , 33 , an applications programmer with the company since 1986 .
‘ the company has shrunk a bit since the move , ’ says phil longden , 33 , an [suses] programmer with the company since 1986 .

Applications programmer Longden is less effusive .
[suses] programmer longden is less effusive .

But here , too , the applications are mainly in cleaning .
but here , too , the [suses] are mainly in cleaning .

GaAs was first used successfully in the 1960s for instrument applications such as light-emitting diodes , lasers , visual display units and audio disc players .
gaas was first used successfully in the 1960s for instrument [suses] such as light-emitting diodes , lasers , visual display units and audio disc players .

The agreement calls for Imeca to distribute and development the sales of all Tech-Sep membranes for wine making applications .
the agreement calls for imeca to distribute and development the sales of all tech-sep membranes for wine making [suses] .

The group researches technical and commercial applications of ultra high quality Josephson junction devices .
the group researches technical and commercial [suses] of ultra high quality josephson junction devices .

Nanotechnology This conference organised by the National Physical Laboratory , will focus on the applications of nanotechnology in medicine and biosciences .
nanotechnology this conference organised by the national physical laboratory , will focus on the [suses] of nanotechnology in medicine and biosciences .

This conference and exhibition will focus on New technology and applications from X-ray to mm waves and will be held in London on 8–12 June 1992 .
this conference and exhibition will focus on new technology and [suses] from x-ray to mm waves and will be held in london on 8–12 june 1992 .

It is ethyl acetate and isopropanol , not their systematic equivalents , that are still used in coating or laminating flexible webs for numerous industrial applications .
it is ethyl acetate and isopropanol , not their systematic equivalents , that are still used in coating or laminating flexible webs for numerous industrial [suses] .

Fortunately this does not seem to matter too much in some applications — eg amalgams are used to replace dentine , polymethylmethacrylate replaces the lens of the eye and titanium replaces the bone of the femur .
fortunately this does not seem to matter too much in some [suses] — eg amalgams are used to replace dentine , polymethylmethacrylate replaces the lens of the eye and titanium replaces the bone of the femur .

The science of biomaterials and the success of future applications depends upon the improved understanding of the various phenomena that are associated with these interfacial reactions , collectively described under the heading of biocompatibility .
the science of biomaterials and the success of future [suses] depends upon the improved understanding of the various phenomena that are associated with these interfacial reactions , collectively described under the heading of biocompatibility .

The major applications are in restorative dentistry which is concerned with the repair of teeth and oral structures damaged by disease or trauma .
the major [suses] are in restorative dentistry which is concerned with the repair of teeth and oral structures damaged by disease or trauma .

Another important class of dental material used for several applications , including selected fillings , is glass ionomer cement , invented by Wilson and Kent and further developed by Wilson and co-workers at the Laboratory of the Government Chemist .
another important class of dental material used for several [suses] , including selected fillings , is glass ionomer cement , invented by wilson and kent and further developed by wilson and co-workers at the laboratory of the government chemist .

Since then , however , few new hydrogels have become routinely available for contact lens work , whereas the wider exploration of hydrogels in other biomedical applications has increased .
since then , however , few new hydrogels have become routinely available for contact lens work , whereas the wider exploration of hydrogels in other biomedical [suses] has increased .

Hydrogels have considerable potential in various ophthalmic applications .
hydrogels have considerable potential in various ophthalmic [suses] .

However , in both cases similar properties to those in other biomedical applications are involved .
however , in both cases similar properties to those in other biomedical [suses] are involved .

Performance materials are becoming increasingly important in clinical applications and ceramics have provided some significant advances in medical and dental research .
performance materials are becoming increasingly important in clinical [suses] and ceramics have provided some significant advances in medical and dental research .

While this view may have been valid a century ago , the situation has changed over the past two decades and ceramics are now widely used in many engineering applications , including wear components , seals , bearing surfaces and engine components .
while this view may have been valid a century ago , the situation has changed over the past two decades and ceramics are now widely used in many engineering [suses] , including wear components , seals , bearing surfaces and engine components .

These high performance ceramics are also finding an increasing range of applications in medicine .
these high performance ceramics are also finding an increasing range of [suses] in medicine .

In clinical applications the materials used must combine good mechanical properties with chemical characteristics which do not cause adverse reactions in the body .
in clinical [suses] the materials used must combine good mechanical properties with chemical characteristics which do not cause adverse reactions in the body .

Although an increasing range of clinical applications are being found , the range of actual ceramics used is still limited ( Table 1 ) .
although an increasing range of clinical [suses] are being found , the range of actual ceramics used is still limited ( table 1 ) .

Not all clinical applications demand the high mechanical strengths that are needed in dental crowns .
not all clinical [suses] demand the high mechanical strengths that are needed in dental crowns .

Surface analysis techniques and applications
surface analysis techniques and [suses]

Zeolites are one of the most exciting classes of advanced inorganic materials , with applications in ion exchange , in shape selective catalysis and gas separation .
zeolites are one of the most exciting classes of advanced inorganic materials , with [suses] in ion exchange , in shape selective catalysis and gas separation .

Applications must be made on an appropriate form which can be obtained from the secretary , The British Vacuum Council , London .
[suses] must be made on an appropriate form which can be obtained from the secretary , the british vacuum council , london .

The meeting will consist of three broad sections : methodology ; applications to organic reactivity ; and understanding organic reactivity .
the meeting will consist of three broad sections : methodology ; [suses] to organic reactivity ; and understanding organic reactivity .

Applications are now invited from scientists under 40 years of age for travel during the period 1 June 1992 to 31 May 1993 .
[suses] are now invited from scientists under 40 years of age for travel during the period 1 june 1992 to 31 may 1993 .

The money will be put towards the purchase of personal computers for running chemistry software applications .
the money will be put towards the purchase of personal computers for running chemistry software [suses] .

Applications should be made to
[suses] should be made to

Applications for student loans are handled by the Registry Office on the Coleraine and Jordanstown campuses and by the General Offices at Belfast and Magee College .
[suses] for student loans are handled by the registry office on the coleraine and jordanstown campuses and by the general offices at belfast and magee college .

Applications shall be considered on behalf of the Senate by the board of the faculty which , in granting leave of absence , may prescribe that the student be required on resumption of studies to repeat any part of the course of study or research , or that the point of resumption be not decided until the time of the student 's return .
[suses] shall be considered on behalf of the senate by the board of the faculty which , in granting leave of absence , may prescribe that the student be required on resumption of studies to repeat any part of the course of study or research , or that the point of resumption be not decided until the time of the student 's return .

The University welcomes applications from overseas students .
the university welcomes [suses] from overseas students .

Applications may , however , be considered up to the date when a course begins , provided that not all places have been filled .
[suses] may , however , be considered up to the date when a course begins , provided that not all places have been filled .

An application for a postgraduate award can be a lengthy and detailed process , and as closing dates for the receipt of applications for awards are normally strictly adhered to , undergraduates are advised to make enquiries early in the second term of their final year of study .
an application for a postgraduate award can be a lengthy and detailed process , and as closing dates for the receipt of [suses] for awards are normally strictly adhered to , undergraduates are advised to make enquiries early in the second term of their final year of study .

Applications for these awards must be made to local education authorities/education and library boards by 30 June of the proposed year of entry to the course .
[suses] for these awards must be made to local education authorities/education and library boards by 30 june of the proposed year of entry to the course .

Software Engineering and Database Systems : Database technology and software engineering ; The use of parallel processing techniques for database applications ; New hardware innovations ( such as the transputer ) and the associated software ; The production of a prototype productive database machine .
software engineering and database systems : database technology and software engineering ; the use of parallel processing techniques for database [suses] ; new hardware innovations ( such as the transputer ) and the associated software ; the production of a prototype productive database machine .

Object-oriented Databases and Expert Systems : Complex data modelling requirements of large-scale , data-intensive applications ; Design and development of a concurrent , object-oriented database programming environment ; Interfacing of object-oriented programming languages to databases and expert systems ; Application of object-oriented programming languages to database and expert system design and development for real-time engineering applications .
object-oriented databases and expert systems : complex data modelling requirements of large-scale , data-intensive [suses] ; design and development of a concurrent , object-oriented database programming environment ; interfacing of object-oriented programming languages to databases and expert systems ; application of object-oriented programming languages to database and expert system design and development for real-time engineering [suses] .

Statistical modelling of spells in a geriatric ward : Development of models to describe the length of stay of patients in geriatric wards and flows of patients between wards and in and out of hospital ; Applications of these models to a database of patients ' histories in geriatric care .
statistical modelling of spells in a geriatric ward : development of models to describe the length of stay of patients in geriatric wards and flows of patients between wards and in and out of hospital ; [suses] of these models to a database of patients ' histories in geriatric care .

Energy Studies : Policy evaluation ; Energy systems analysis , heat pump control and applications ; Effects of oil-refrigerant mixing in heat pumps ; Building energy modelling ; Thermal storage ; Expert systems in energy industries .
energy studies : policy evaluation ; energy systems analysis , heat pump control and [suses] ; effects of oil-refrigerant mixing in heat pumps ; building energy modelling ; thermal storage ; expert systems in energy industries .

Medical Physics : Applications of physics to medicine ; Instrumentation for the measurements of blood flow in limbs ; Intensity and spectra of X-ray sources ( X-ray dosimetry ) .
medical physics : [suses] of physics to medicine ; instrumentation for the measurements of blood flow in limbs ; intensity and spectra of x-ray sources ( x-ray dosimetry ) .

Microelectronics Applications : Instrumentation and measurement systems applied to medical and environmental studies , low-energy houses , district heating , particular needs of the garment and textiles industry , transport studies ; Control and measurement of heating systems ; Mathematical modelling of building thermal performance ; Computer interfacing ; Applications of video image acquisition and analysis .
microelectronics [suses] : instrumentation and measurement systems applied to medical and environmental studies , low-energy houses , district heating , particular needs of the garment and textiles industry , transport studies ; control and measurement of heating systems ; mathematical modelling of building thermal performance ; computer interfacing ; [suses] of video image acquisition and analysis .

Building Management : Computer-aided design in building ; Applications of computers in building ; Quality assurance in building ; Aspects of unsatisfactory housing .
building management : computer-aided design in building ; [suses] of computers in building ; quality assurance in building ; aspects of unsatisfactory housing .

Design , analysis and product development of novel structural composites and materials ; Numerical and experimental studies of sandwich panels , cambered slabs and woven polypropylene cementitious composites ; Applications of software tools to structural analysis and design ; Hydraulics of open channel flow ; Experimental , in situ and numerical studies of flow resistance in channels with floodplains ; Highway engineering materials and construction methods ; Laboratory and in situ assessments of the performance of highway engineering aggregates and binders ; Assessment of highway construction materials at source , during production and construction processes and under working environments ; Geotechnics , laboratory and numerical assessment of bearing capacity of soils under curricular footings , enhancement of soil properties using man-made additives .
design , analysis and product development of novel structural composites and materials ; numerical and experimental studies of sandwich panels , cambered slabs and woven polypropylene cementitious composites ; [suses] of software tools to structural analysis and design ; hydraulics of open channel flow ; experimental , in situ and numerical studies of flow resistance in channels with floodplains ; highway engineering materials and construction methods ; laboratory and in situ assessments of the performance of highway engineering aggregates and binders ; assessment of highway construction materials at source , during production and construction processes and under working environments ; geotechnics , laboratory and numerical assessment of bearing capacity of soils under curricular footings , enhancement of soil properties using man-made additives .

As this is a very basic form of learning it is unlikely that the clinical teacher will find any direct applications of it in her teaching .
as this is a very basic form of learning it is unlikely that the clinical teacher will find any direct [suses] of it in her teaching .

We can now look at some applications of these principles to teaching .
we can now look at some [suses] of these principles to teaching .

However , special circumstances in individual applications may have a bearing in some cases on the offer which the University makes .
however , special circumstances in individual [suses] may have a bearing in some cases on the offer which the university makes .

The closing dates for the receipt of applications are :
the closing dates for the receipt of [suses] are :

Applications from persons who hold qualifications not included in this list will be considered on their merit .
[suses] from persons who hold qualifications not included in this list will be considered on their merit .

Institute of Mathematics and its Applications
institute of mathematics and its [suses]

Physically handicapped students may be assured that their applications will be considered on the academic grounds applying to all candidates .
physically handicapped students may be assured that their [suses] will be considered on the academic grounds applying to all candidates .

The University will be happy to consider applications from persons wishing to attend courses but not to sit the University examinations .
the university will be happy to consider [suses] from persons wishing to attend courses but not to sit the university examinations .

The University welcomes applications from overseas students .
the university welcomes [suses] from overseas students .

All enquiries and applications should be made directly to the grant-awarding body ; the correct address of the local education office is generally available from schools and public libraries .
all enquiries and [suses] should be made directly to the grant-awarding body ; the correct address of the local education office is generally available from schools and public libraries .

The closing date for the receipt of applications for the Certificate in Foundation Studies in Art and Design is 31 January of the proposed year of entry to the University .
the closing date for the receipt of [suses] for the certificate in foundation studies in art and design is 31 january of the proposed year of entry to the university .

The Faculty welcomes applications from candidates with qualifications in all subject areas .
the faculty welcomes [suses] from candidates with qualifications in all subject areas .

Locally and nationally , the expanding software and computer applications industrial sector offers challenging and rewarding employment prospects .
locally and nationally , the expanding software and computer [suses] industrial sector offers challenging and rewarding employment prospects .

The informatics graduate can expect to be at the forefront of the development of new software products and tools or to follow a career in developing technology applications for a range of areas — from industry to the public sector and from health care to agriculture .
the informatics graduate can expect to be at the forefront of the development of new software products and tools or to follow a career in developing technology [suses] for a range of areas — from industry to the public sector and from health care to agriculture .

The applications theme , through the Systems Analysis and Design unit and Database unit , considers how best to deal systematically with organizations ' needs for computerized information systems .
the [suses] theme , through the systems analysis and design unit and database unit , considers how best to deal systematically with organizations ' needs for computerized information systems .

Graduates are eligible to join the Institute of Mathematics and its Applications , either as Graduate Members ( if they obtain a good honours degree ) or as Licentiates .
graduates are eligible to join the institute of mathematics and its [suses] , either as graduate members ( if they obtain a good honours degree ) or as licentiates .

Yet as has been shown by , amongst others , Hills , in an investigation of some applications of self-teaching systems , lectures do have considerable appeal for students .
yet as has been shown by , amongst others , hills , in an investigation of some [suses] of self-teaching systems , lectures do have considerable appeal for students .

Tony came back 10 days later looking happier , and reported that he had checked the newspapers regularly and had sent off several applications for jobs .
tony came back 10 days later looking happier , and reported that he had checked the newspapers regularly and had sent off several [suses] for jobs .

They may know more than they realize , for it may be only on the occasion of a question that they see or realize applications and utilities of writings with which they are perfectly familiar .
they may know more than they realize , for it may be only on the occasion of a question that they see or realize [suses] and utilities of writings with which they are perfectly familiar .

Of the applications , 90 per cent were approved but some — perhaps notably those relating to the car industry in the West Midlands — were not .
of the [suses] , 90 per cent were approved but some — perhaps notably those relating to the car industry in the west midlands — were not .

By 1983 the Task Force had become more institutionalized in that it had begun to deal with matters relating to mainstream local-authority funding programmes , Urban Programme submissions , derelict-land grant applications , and so on .
by 1983 the task force had become more institutionalized in that it had begun to deal with matters relating to mainstream local-authority funding programmes , urban programme submissions , derelict-land grant [suses] , and so on .

Too much emphasis had been placed on supervising minor residential modifications and in rejecting applications , which had resulted in reduced economic growth .
too much emphasis had been placed on supervising minor residential modifications and in rejecting [suses] , which had resulted in reduced economic growth .

Enterprise zones , therefore , introduced the concept of the simplified planning regime , intended to speed up planning applications and to give deemed planning consent for many developments .
enterprise zones , therefore , introduced the concept of the simplified planning regime , intended to speed up planning [suses] and to give deemed planning consent for many developments .

Although it was made clear that their incentives would simply extend to exemption from basic customs control ( unless or until their products entered European Community territory ) and that there would be no other special assistance , the government received 45 applications for designation .
although it was made clear that their incentives would simply extend to exemption from basic customs control ( unless or until their products entered european community territory ) and that there would be no other special assistance , the government received 45 [suses] for designation .

Individual applications for development will not be required if the proposal is compatible with overall regulations .
individual [suses] for development will not be required if the proposal is compatible with overall regulations .

Most applications for development are dealt with very rapidly by urban local-planning authorities , which are mostly eager to acquire new economic activity .
most [suses] for development are dealt with very rapidly by urban local-planning authorities , which are mostly eager to acquire new economic activity .

The corporations are also the development-control authority for the designated area , so they may thus determine planning applications made to them or deem themselves planning permission by resolution .
the corporations are also the development-control authority for the designated area , so they may thus determine planning [suses] made to them or deem themselves planning permission by resolution .

The numbers of applications and appeals have risen markedly in recent years , particularly in the retail development sector where developers have found it a useful means of overcoming local authority resistance to particular schemes .
the numbers of [suses] and appeals have risen markedly in recent years , particularly in the retail development sector where developers have found it a useful means of overcoming local authority resistance to particular schemes .

The government has introduced new rules on the awarding of costs in an attempt to reduce the number of frivolous appeals , and recent Department of the Environment decisions on some large retail planning applications suggest a more restrictive stance .
the government has introduced new rules on the awarding of costs in an attempt to reduce the number of frivolous appeals , and recent department of the environment decisions on some large retail planning [suses] suggest a more restrictive stance .

but states that ‘ there is , therefore always a presumption in favour of allowing applications for development having regard to all material considerations , unless that development would cause demonstrable harm to interests of acknowledged importance ’ .
but states that ‘ there is , therefore always a presumption in favour of allowing [suses] for development having regard to all material considerations , unless that development would cause demonstrable harm to interests of acknowledged importance ’ .

Includes comment on the issue of new uses for old buildings in town and countryside stating that ‘ local authorities should , therefore , be flexible in dealing with planning applications for changes of use of buildings of architectural or historic interest ’ .
includes comment on the issue of new uses for old buildings in town and countryside stating that ‘ local authorities should , therefore , be flexible in dealing with planning [suses] for changes of use of buildings of architectural or historic interest ’ .

To date applications for development in the Green Belt and open countryside have been resisted , but the government has expressed agreement with the new village concept as an alternative to sporadic countryside development .
to date [suses] for development in the green belt and open countryside have been resisted , but the government has expressed agreement with the new village concept as an alternative to sporadic countryside development .

This may meet the criticisms of those who believe that many private sector applications are of low quality and concerned simply with making high profits .
this may meet the criticisms of those who believe that many private sector [suses] are of low quality and concerned simply with making high profits .

Biotechnology is a general term that embraces aspects of biochemistry , microbiology and chemical engineering which , in combination , have harnessed the capacities of living organisms , mainly microbes and cultured tissue cells , to undertake specific processes with industrial , agricultural and medical applications .
biotechnology is a general term that embraces aspects of biochemistry , microbiology and chemical engineering which , in combination , have harnessed the capacities of living organisms , mainly microbes and cultured tissue cells , to undertake specific processes with industrial , agricultural and medical [suses] .

Many of these applications have been used to tackle environmental problems such as pollution control , especially in the treatment of sewage , industrial and agricultural effluents as well as rubbish disposal .
many of these [suses] have been used to tackle environmental problems such as pollution control , especially in the treatment of sewage , industrial and agricultural effluents as well as rubbish disposal .

Biotechnology has an extremely wide range of applications in agriculture , among which are crop improvement , biological control of pests and the enhancement of nitrogen fixation , all of which influence environmental quality .
biotechnology has an extremely wide range of [suses] in agriculture , among which are crop improvement , biological control of pests and the enhancement of nitrogen fixation , all of which influence environmental quality .

The chief applications of tissue culture are given in Table 8.6 and range from the relatively simple production of large numbers of plants by cloning to the more sophisticated production of new species and useful chemicals , as well as facilitating genetic engineering which will be discussed in section 8.4.3 .
the chief [suses] of tissue culture are given in table 8.6 and range from the relatively simple production of large numbers of plants by cloning to the more sophisticated production of new species and useful chemicals , as well as facilitating genetic engineering which will be discussed in section 8.4.3 .

One of the more obvious applications of biotechnology in agriculture is that of biological control .
one of the more obvious [suses] of biotechnology in agriculture is that of biological control .

While there are many further applications of biotechnology in agriculture , such as in the treatment of agricultural waste , the examples given above testify to its potency as a future agent of environmental change , a potency which is likely to increase exponentially as genetic engineering develops ( section 8.4.3 ) .
while there are many further [suses] of biotechnology in agriculture , such as in the treatment of agricultural waste , the examples given above testify to its potency as a future agent of environmental change , a potency which is likely to increase exponentially as genetic engineering develops ( section 8.4.3 ) .

There is no specific title to this section because there are so many applications of biotechnology with implications for environmental quality .
there is no specific title to this section because there are so many [suses] of biotechnology with implications for environmental quality .

Other applications of biotechnology which are relevant to environmental management include resource recycling , such as the use of organisms to scavenge useful materials from waste products , mineral extraction or biomining which involves the bacterial leaching of mineral ores , and energy production .
other [suses] of biotechnology which are relevant to environmental management include resource recycling , such as the use of organisms to scavenge useful materials from waste products , mineral extraction or biomining which involves the bacterial leaching of mineral ores , and energy production .

Such advances could also have considerable applications in the field of resource recycling , one aspect of which involving the use of sewage to produce single-cell protein has already been discussed above .
such advances could also have considerable [suses] in the field of resource recycling , one aspect of which involving the use of sewage to produce single-cell protein has already been discussed above .

He also allays fears that such organisms might find applications in biological warfare since they tend to be target specific and would probably be more harmful to their producers than to their recipients in the light of the necessary sophisticated transmission technology that would be economically unfeasible .
he also allays fears that such organisms might find [suses] in biological warfare since they tend to be target specific and would probably be more harmful to their producers than to their recipients in the light of the necessary sophisticated transmission technology that would be economically unfeasible .

Potential Applications
potential [suses]

Given the extent to which geographic information management is applications driven , it is important to consider in some depth the characteristics of some potential application fields .
given the extent to which geographic information management is [suses] driven , it is important to consider in some depth the characteristics of some potential application fields .

The first four chapters in this part examine issues relating to geographic information handling in terms of four potential applications fields .
the first four chapters in this part examine issues relating to geographic information handling in terms of four potential [suses] fields .

In effect the product of the discussion in both parts is a matrix where the methodological issues are listed along one axis and particular applications fields on the other .
in effect the product of the discussion in both parts is a matrix where the methodological issues are listed along one axis and particular [suses] fields on the other .

The first three chapters dealing with environmental monitoring , natural and technological hazards and settlements and infrastructure applications make use of a very wide range of geographic information .
the first three chapters dealing with environmental monitoring , natural and technological hazards and settlements and infrastructure [suses] make use of a very wide range of geographic information .

Digital data occupy a central position in this applications field and a number of examples are given to illustrate the extent to which their development has been hampered or facilitated in various countries by the policies of the organizations with responsibility for digital data provision .
digital data occupy a central position in this [suses] field and a number of examples are given to illustrate the extent to which their development has been hampered or facilitated in various countries by the policies of the organizations with responsibility for digital data provision .

Other major research priorities for the future in this applications field are the development of response-modelling techniques to explore the factors affecting consumer choice .
other major research priorities for the future in this [suses] field are the development of response-modelling techniques to explore the factors affecting consumer choice .

Questions relating to data integration emerge as being particularly critical in terms of environmental monitoring and settlement and infrastructure applications .
questions relating to data integration emerge as being particularly critical in terms of environmental monitoring and settlement and infrastructure [suses] .

Finally , in all applications fields , the findings of the reviews above suggest that there is a need for improvements in user interfaces of all kinds .
finally , in all [suses] fields , the findings of the reviews above suggest that there is a need for improvements in user interfaces of all kinds .

By 5th November , 1856 , 1,050 applications had been received ; g by 5th December , 1,628 sets of conditions had been despatched ; and two months later , four months after the start of the competition , Hall told the House of Commons that 1,791 had been despatched , of which at least 270 had gone to foreign competitors .
by 5th november , 1856 , 1,050 [suses] had been received ; g by 5th december , 1,628 sets of conditions had been despatched ; and two months later , four months after the start of the competition , hall told the house of commons that 1,791 had been despatched , of which at least 270 had gone to foreign competitors .

Hunt , who drafted the reply , said that the dates could not be altered ; they had had 1,050 applications and only one request for an extension .
hunt , who drafted the reply , said that the dates could not be altered ; they had had 1,050 [suses] and only one request for an extension .

Large eruptions with much pus — they may even become open sores like in Mercurius ; burning pains better ( > ) heat or hot applications is very characteristic of this remedy ; extreme chilliness ; pain and itching worse ( < ) after midnight and worse ( < ) cold .
large eruptions with much pus — they may even become open sores like in mercurius ; burning pains better ( > ) heat or hot [suses] is very characteristic of this remedy ; extreme chilliness ; pain and itching worse ( < ) after midnight and worse ( < ) cold .

Part feels cold , yet is ameliorated ( > ) by cold applications .
part feels cold , yet is ameliorated ( > ) by cold [suses] .

Cold to touch and better ( > ) cold , cold applications .
cold to touch and better ( > ) cold , cold [suses] .

Less burning of the skin than in Belladonna and worse ( < ) bending head backwards , worse ( < ) cold applications , better ( > ) uncovering and in the open air , better ( > ) pressure .
less burning of the skin than in belladonna and worse ( < ) bending head backwards , worse ( < ) cold [suses] , better ( > ) uncovering and in the open air , better ( > ) pressure .

They feel warm or hot with stinging pains and better ( > ) cold applications .
they feel warm or hot with stinging pains and better ( > ) cold [suses] .

When the wound feels cold to touch but is better ( > ) by cold applications .
when the wound feels cold to touch but is better ( > ) by cold [suses] .

Affecting fibrous tissues and joints , especially of ankles when parts feel cold or numb and are better ( > ) cold applications .
affecting fibrous tissues and joints , especially of ankles when parts feel cold or numb and are better ( > ) cold [suses] .

Worse ( < ) heat or warm room is very marked , this affects both the local conditions , like pains and inflammations , and also the patient himself ; better ( > ) cold in any form , air , applications etc .
worse ( < ) heat or warm room is very marked , this affects both the local conditions , like pains and inflammations , and also the patient himself ; better ( > ) cold in any form , air , [suses] etc .

Worse ( < ) cold air or applications ; usually chilly and better ( > ) warm wraps except for head complaints which are congestive and better ( > ) cool , fresh air .
worse ( < ) cold air or [suses] ; usually chilly and better ( > ) warm wraps except for head complaints which are congestive and better ( > ) cool , fresh air .

Very useful in teething which is this oversensitive , capricious state where nothing pleases and the teething is worse ( < ) heat and night , better ( > ) cold applications .
very useful in teething which is this oversensitive , capricious state where nothing pleases and the teething is worse ( < ) heat and night , better ( > ) cold [suses] .

Head pains are worse ( < ) heat and are temporarily better ( > ) from cold applications .
head pains are worse ( < ) heat and are temporarily better ( > ) from cold [suses] .

Other development applications allow designers to begin with an actual garment and make appropriate changes to achieve the desired design or construction modifications .
other development [suses] allow designers to begin with an actual garment and make appropriate changes to achieve the desired design or construction modifications .

If nothing else , the temperature effects on fabric , combined with the cost of installation , appear to limit the use of this technology to those applications in which the connection between plies before sewing could be an advantage .
if nothing else , the temperature effects on fabric , combined with the cost of installation , appear to limit the use of this technology to those [suses] in which the connection between plies before sewing could be an advantage .

For many , if not most , applications , each ply in a bundle is marked with a sticker to indicate the actual garment to which the piece belongs .
for many , if not most , [suses] , each ply in a bundle is marked with a sticker to indicate the actual garment to which the piece belongs .

Cooks ’ Festival ( Fête des Cuisinières ) in early August in Pointe-à-Pitre , with a colorful , appetite-stimulating parade , a religious ceremony honoring Saint Laurent ( chosen as the local cooks ’ patron saint because in a.d. 258 he was burned alive on a rack , which is now a kitchen utensil ) and a monumental free feast with singing , dancing , and liberal applications of rum punch .
cooks ’ festival ( fête des cuisinières ) in early august in pointe-à-pitre , with a colorful , appetite-stimulating parade , a religious ceremony honoring saint laurent ( chosen as the local cooks ’ patron saint because in a.d. 258 he was burned alive on a rack , which is now a kitchen utensil ) and a monumental free feast with singing , dancing , and liberal [suses] of rum punch .

This included transistor technology — invented in the US but then considered to have only limited applications — for the surreal sum of $ 25,000 .
this included transistor technology — invented in the us but then considered to have only limited [suses] — for the surreal sum of $ 25,000 .

Last year it received more than 6,000 applications for help and was able to serve 3,421 .
last year it received more than 6,000 [suses] for help and was able to serve 3,421 .

SSI applications require detailed information from treatment and service providers to succeed .
ssi [suses] require detailed information from treatment and service providers to succeed .

In 2001 , almost half of LSSM case applications were denied .
in 2001 , almost half of lssm case [suses] were denied .

The center will be close to the Essex Probate and Family Court , where many matters involving domestic violence victims , from restraining order applications to child custody disputes , are heard .
the center will be close to the essex probate and family court , where many matters involving domestic violence victims , from restraining order [suses] to child custody disputes , are heard .

Kay Loughrey , a program information specialist with the aging administration , said grant applications were ranked a second time after the judges got a chance to review the letters .
kay loughrey , a program information specialist with the aging administration , said grant [suses] were ranked a second time after the judges got a chance to review the letters .

Grant applications submitted by emergency medicine specialists that do not use the methodologic processes preferred by alcohol research study sections are usually going to lose when competing against grants submitted by recognized alcohol research specialists .
grant [suses] submitted by emergency medicine specialists that do not use the methodologic processes preferred by alcohol research study sections are usually going to lose when competing against grants submitted by recognized alcohol research specialists .

While their grant applications may not have the methodologic design that study sections composed of alcohol research specialists are accustomed to , funding such research will lead to the development of research methodologies appropriate to the emergency department setting .
while their grant [suses] may not have the methodologic design that study sections composed of alcohol research specialists are accustomed to , funding such research will lead to the development of research methodologies appropriate to the emergency department setting .

Clinical applications : the transition from research into practice .
clinical [suses] : the transition from research into practice .

He suggested the use of decision trees in the manuals , which can lend more flexibility to clinical applications of research .
he suggested the use of decision trees in the manuals , which can lend more flexibility to clinical [suses] of research .

He noted that the recommendation could be seen as a way of driving widespread applications of interventions .
he noted that the recommendation could be seen as a way of driving widespread [suses] of interventions .

She believed that this should be in the recommendation , not just supporting text , because reviewers would want to know how screening and intervention can be implemented into clinical practice when considering grant applications .
she believed that this should be in the recommendation , not just supporting text , because reviewers would want to know how screening and intervention can be implemented into clinical practice when considering grant [suses] .

Longabaugh remarked that NIH is increasingly trying to individualize the routing of grant applications so that study section members are a matter of public record .
longabaugh remarked that nih is increasingly trying to individualize the routing of grant [suses] so that study section members are a matter of public record .

At many of the leading finance organizations we visited , the vast majority of financial applications were commercial offtheshelf ( COTS ) packages that were implemented with limited modification to the basic application package itself .
at many of the leading finance organizations we visited , the vast majority of financial [suses] were commercial offtheshelf ( cots ) packages that were implemented with limited modification to the basic application package itself .

The advantages of using COTS software include ( 1 ) COTS software is less costly than developing inhouse applications , ( 2 ) software upgrades are affordable and are regularly available , and ( 3 ) COTS software is designed to include best practices .
the advantages of using cots software include ( 1 ) cots software is less costly than developing inhouse [suses] , ( 2 ) software upgrades are affordable and are regularly available , and ( 3 ) cots software is designed to include best practices .

The key to successfully implementing COTS systems and best practice processes , according to leading finance organizations , is reengineering business processes to fit the new software applications .
the key to successfully implementing cots systems and best practice processes , according to leading finance organizations , is reengineering business processes to fit the new software [suses] .

According to a report by the Financial Systems Committee of the CFO Council , most agencies favor an approach that uses COTS software for core financial systems and other financial management applications .
according to a report by the financial systems committee of the cfo council , most agencies favor an approach that uses cots software for core financial systems and other financial management [suses] .

Under this program , case managers in the Illinois Department of Human Services ( IDHS ) refer applications that contain suspicious or conflicting information to IDPA 's Bureau of Investigations ( BOI ) for action before benefit payments begin .
under this program , case managers in the illinois department of human services ( idhs ) refer [suses] that contain suspicious or conflicting information to idpa 's bureau of investigations ( boi ) for action before benefit payments begin .

Case managers use certain referral criteria , such as applications that contain contradictory information about household composition or employment , to identify these applications .
case managers use certain referral criteria , such as [suses] that contain contradictory information about household composition or employment , to identify these [suses] .

Since its founding in 1983 , PSC has continued to promote and further the notion that private sector `` know-how '' can , and should , be utilized to assist in solving public sector challenges by supplying federal managers with modern ideas , methodologies , and applications through over 300 projects .
since its founding in 1983 , psc has continued to promote and further the notion that private sector `` know-how '' can , and should , be utilized to assist in solving public sector challenges by supplying federal managers with modern ideas , methodologies , and [suses] through over 300 projects .

At FEMA , delegating authority to the Public Assistance Coordinators eliminated two additional state reviews of applications for assistance and two other reviews by FEMA .
at fema , delegating authority to the public assistance coordinators eliminated two additional state reviews of [suses] for assistance and two other reviews by fema .

However , risk assessments of individual business applications provided the basis for establishing policies and selecting related controls .
however , risk assessments of individual business [suses] provided the basis for establishing policies and selecting related controls .

Security Seen As An Enabler In addition , most of the organizations were aggressively exploring ways to improve operational efficiency and service to customers through new or expanded applications of information technology , which usually prompted new security considerations .
security seen as an enabler in addition , most of the organizations were aggressively exploring ways to improve operational efficiency and service to customers through new or expanded [suses] of information technology , which usually prompted new security considerations .

In this regard , several organizations told us that security was increasingly being viewed as an enabler -- a necessary step in mitigating the risks associated with new applications involving Internet use and broadened access to the organization 's computerized data .
in this regard , several organizations told us that security was increasingly being viewed as an enabler -- a necessary step in mitigating the risks associated with new [suses] involving internet use and broadened access to the organization 's computerized data .

Despite their inability to precisely compare the costs of controls with reductions in risk , the organizations said that risk assessments still served their primary purpose of ensuring that the risk implications of new and existing applications were explored .
despite their inability to precisely compare the costs of controls with reductions in risk , the organizations said that risk assessments still served their primary purpose of ensuring that the risk implications of new and existing [suses] were explored .

In this regard , it serves as a communications conduit between management and the information systems staff who design , build , and implement new applications .
in this regard , it serves as a communications conduit between management and the information systems staff who design , build , and implement new [suses] .

For example , the manufacturing company 's central group reviewed all new Internet related applications and had the authority to stop such applications from going into production if minimum security standards were not met .
for example , the manufacturing company 's central group reviewed all new internet related [suses] and had the authority to stop such [suses] from going into production if minimum security standards were not met .

Similarly , the central information protection group at the utility was required to approve all new applications to indicate that risks had been adequately considered .
similarly , the central information protection group at the utility was required to approve all new [suses] to indicate that risks had been adequately considered .

The ability to independently voice security concerns to senior executives was viewed as important because such concerns could often be at odds with business managers ' and system developers ' desires to implement new computer applications quickly and avoid controls that would impede efficiency , user friendliness , and convenience .
the ability to independently voice security concerns to senior executives was viewed as important because such concerns could often be at odds with business managers ' and system developers ' desires to implement new computer [suses] quickly and avoid controls that would impede efficiency , user friendliness , and convenience .

During the first three months of 1997 , she had met twice with the organization 's chief executive officer , at his request , to discuss the security implications of new applications .
during the first three months of 1997 , she had met twice with the organization 's chief executive officer , at his request , to discuss the security implications of new [suses] .

Because of the difficulty of measuring such results for research and development programs in financial , economic , or quantitative terms , outcome data for such programs are expected to consist typically of a narrative discussion of the major results achieved by the program during the year , along the following lines : -Basic Research - an identification of any major new discoveries that were made during the year ; -Applied Research - an identification of any major new applications that were developed during the year ; or -Development - the progress of major developmental projects including the results with respect to projects completed or otherwise terminated during the year and the status of projects that will continue .
because of the difficulty of measuring such results for research and development programs in financial , economic , or quantitative terms , outcome data for such programs are expected to consist typically of a narrative discussion of the major results achieved by the program during the year , along the following lines : -basic research - an identification of any major new discoveries that were made during the year ; -applied research - an identification of any major new [suses] that were developed during the year ; or -development - the progress of major developmental projects including the results with respect to projects completed or otherwise terminated during the year and the status of projects that will continue .

BASIC RESEARCH - Systematic study to gain knowledge or understanding of the fundamental aspects of phenomena and of observable facts without specific applications toward processes or products in mind .
basic research - systematic study to gain knowledge or understanding of the fundamental aspects of phenomena and of observable facts without specific [suses] toward processes or products in mind .

GAO/OGC-98-32 for reimbursement , including use of child care vouchers ; calculating claiming percentages/blended rates using attendance and enrollment lists ; and procedures for verifying household applications of children enrolled in day care homes .
gao/ogc-98-32 for reimbursement , including use of child care vouchers ; calculating claiming percentages/blended rates using attendance and enrollment lists ; and procedures for verifying household [suses] of children enrolled in day care homes .

The OMB guidance states that automated techniques should depend upon risks , benefits , and cost effectiveness associated with the automated applications .
the omb guidance states that automated techniques should depend upon risks , benefits , and cost effectiveness associated with the automated [suses] .

These agencies were working with their contractors ( who provided the electronic applications for the automated employees travel system ) in moving towards meeting the criteria .
these agencies were working with their contractors ( who provided the electronic [suses] for the automated employees travel system ) in moving towards meeting the criteria .

In addition , we plan to continue initiatives to increase our employees ' productivity , maximize the use of technology , and enhance the Webbased knowledge-sharing applications on the desktop .
in addition , we plan to continue initiatives to increase our employees ' productivity , maximize the use of technology , and enhance the webbased knowledge-sharing [suses] on the desktop .

Human capital initiatives -- $ 3,324,000 : Enabling technology initiatives to increase employee productivity , maximize the use of technology , and enhance employee tools available at the desktop , including such initiatives as reengineering business processes , upgrading hardware and software applications , expanding our videoconferencing capabilities , and implementing a best practices network security program -- $ 2,585,000 .
human capital initiatives -- $ 3,324,000 : enabling technology initiatives to increase employee productivity , maximize the use of technology , and enhance employee tools available at the desktop , including such initiatives as reengineering business processes , upgrading hardware and software [suses] , expanding our videoconferencing capabilities , and implementing a best practices network security program -- $ 2,585,000 .

However , risk assessments of individual business applications provided the basis for establishing policies and selecting related controls .
however , risk assessments of individual business [suses] provided the basis for establishing policies and selecting related controls .

Security Seen As An Enabler In addition , most of the organizations were aggressively exploring ways to improve operational efficiency and service to customers through new or expanded applications of information technology , which usually prompted new security considerations .
security seen as an enabler in addition , most of the organizations were aggressively exploring ways to improve operational efficiency and service to customers through new or expanded [suses] of information technology , which usually prompted new security considerations .

In this regard , several organizations told us that security was increasingly being viewed as an enabler -- a necessary step in mitigating the risks associated with new applications involving Internet use and broadened access to the organization 's computerized data .
in this regard , several organizations told us that security was increasingly being viewed as an enabler -- a necessary step in mitigating the risks associated with new [suses] involving internet use and broadened access to the organization 's computerized data .

Despite their inability to precisely compare the costs of controls with reductions in risk , the organizations said that risk assessments still served their primary purpose of ensuring that the risk implications of new and existing applications were explored .
despite their inability to precisely compare the costs of controls with reductions in risk , the organizations said that risk assessments still served their primary purpose of ensuring that the risk implications of new and existing [suses] were explored .

In this regard , it serves as a communications conduit between management and the information systems staff who design , build , and implement new applications .
in this regard , it serves as a communications conduit between management and the information systems staff who design , build , and implement new [suses] .

For example , the manufacturing company 's central group reviewed all new Internet related applications and had the authority to stop such applications from going into production if minimum security standards were not met .
for example , the manufacturing company 's central group reviewed all new internet related [suses] and had the authority to stop such [suses] from going into production if minimum security standards were not met .

Similarly , the central information protection group at the utility was required to approve all new applications to indicate that risks had been adequately considered .
similarly , the central information protection group at the utility was required to approve all new [suses] to indicate that risks had been adequately considered .

The ability to independently voice security concerns to senior executives was viewed as important because such concerns could often be at odds with business managers ' and system developers ' desires to implement new computer applications quickly and avoid controls that would impede efficiency , user friendliness , and convenience .
the ability to independently voice security concerns to senior executives was viewed as important because such concerns could often be at odds with business managers ' and system developers ' desires to implement new computer [suses] quickly and avoid controls that would impede efficiency , user friendliness , and convenience .

During the first three months of 1997 , she had met twice with the organization 's chief executive officer , at his request , to discuss the security implications of new applications .
during the first three months of 1997 , she had met twice with the organization 's chief executive officer , at his request , to discuss the security implications of new [suses] .

While the rule has varying compliance dates that are much later than the announced effective date of the rule ( some previously approved products covered by the rule have several years to become compliant with the labeling requirement ) , we do note GAO/OGC-99-36 that products which have drug marketing applications approved on or after April 16 , 1999 , must comply upon approval .
while the rule has varying compliance dates that are much later than the announced effective date of the rule ( some previously approved products covered by the rule have several years to become compliant with the labeling requirement ) , we do note gao/ogc-99-36 that products which have drug marketing [suses] approved on or after april 16 , 1999 , must comply upon approval .

Another organization had an official board that reviewed membership applications to determine whether the applicant and the applicant 's organization met established membership criteria .
another organization had an official board that reviewed membership [suses] to determine whether the applicant and the applicant 's organization met established membership criteria .

The Government Paperwork Elimination Act ( GPEA ) encourages the movement toward paperless applications and the use of electronic signatures .
the government paperwork elimination act ( gpea ) encourages the movement toward paperless [suses] and the use of electronic signatures .

Although GPEA focuses on electronic systems regarding information obtained from and provided to sources outside the government , it provides an additional impetus to agencies to seek further applications of paperless systems and use of electronic signatures .
although gpea focuses on electronic systems regarding information obtained from and provided to sources outside the government , it provides an additional impetus to agencies to seek further [suses] of paperless systems and use of electronic signatures .

In selecting and/or developing , and implementing a particular electronic signature technology for an automated T & A application , management must assess the risks associated with the loss , misuse , or compromise of the electronic T & A information and signatures compared to the benefits , costs , and effort associated with selecting and/or developing and managing the automated systems and electronic signatures.10 See the appendix for a further explanation about electronic signatures and GAO 's review of such applications .
in selecting and/or developing , and implementing a particular electronic signature technology for an automated t & a application , management must assess the risks associated with the loss , misuse , or compromise of the electronic t & a information and signatures compared to the benefits , costs , and effort associated with selecting and/or developing and managing the automated systems and electronic signatures.10 see the appendix for a further explanation about electronic signatures and gao 's review of such [suses] .

APPENDIX I : GAO 'S REVIEW OF ELECTRONIC SIGNATURES APPLICATIONS GAO has been asked by several federal agencies to review electronic signature systems used in financial management systems and to discuss how such systems should be evaluated .
appendix i : gao 's review of electronic signatures [suses] gao has been asked by several federal agencies to review electronic signature systems used in financial management systems and to discuss how such systems should be evaluated .

The individuals and organizations with whom we spoke did not identify any potentially beneficial ITbased public participation applications that had not been adopted by at least one of the regulatory agencies that we examined .
the individuals and organizations with whom we spoke did not identify any potentially beneficial itbased public participation [suses] that had not been adopted by at least one of the regulatory agencies that we examined .

Governmentwide IT Applications to Inform the Public of Opportunities to Participate Federal regulatory agencies have used both governmentwide and agencyspecific vehicles to notify the public about opportunities for public comment on upcoming rules .
governmentwide it [suses] to inform the public of opportunities to participate federal regulatory agencies have used both governmentwide and agencyspecific vehicles to notify the public about opportunities for public comment on upcoming rules .

Although not inclusive of all such individuals and organizations , those we contacted did not identify any entirely new categories of potentially beneficial ITbased public participation applications that had not been adopted by at least one of the regulatory agencies that we examined .
although not inclusive of all such individuals and organizations , those we contacted did not identify any entirely new categories of potentially beneficial itbased public participation [suses] that had not been adopted by at least one of the regulatory agencies that we examined .

Changes in technology and its application to electronic commerce and expanding Internet applications will change the specific control activities that may be employed and how they are implemented , but the basic requirements of control will not have changed .
changes in technology and its application to electronic commerce and expanding internet [suses] will change the specific control activities that may be employed and how they are implemented , but the basic requirements of control will not have changed .

FIPS PUB 73-Guidelines for Security of Computer Applications , June 30 , 1980 .
fips pub 73-guidelines for security of computer [suses] , june 30 , 1980 .

FIPS PUB 158-The User Interface Component of the Applications Portability Profile , May 29 , 1990 .
fips pub 158-the user interface component of the [suses] portability profile , may 29 , 1990 .

It provides a safe harbor processing guideline for processing the CTA portion of broadcasters ' license renewal applications , adopts a definition of programming specifically designed to educate and inform children ( Core Programming ) , and requires broadcasters to provide better information to the public about their Core Programming .
it provides a safe harbor processing guideline for processing the cta portion of broadcasters ' license renewal [suses] , adopts a definition of programming specifically designed to educate and inform children ( core programming ) , and requires broadcasters to provide better information to the public about their core programming .

It describes six applications of case study methods , including the purposes and pitfalls of each , and explains similarities and differences among the six .
it describes six [suses] of case study methods , including the purposes and pitfalls of each , and explains similarities and differences among the six .

The purpose of the series is to provide GAO evaluators with guides to various aspects of audit and evaluation methodology , to illustrate applications , and to indicate where more detailed information is available .
the purpose of the series is to provide gao evaluators with guides to various aspects of audit and evaluation methodology , to illustrate [suses] , and to indicate where more detailed information is available .

Most of these case studies are either `` illustrative '' or `` critical '' instance applications .
most of these case studies are either `` illustrative '' or `` critical '' instance [suses] .

There are , however , four other applications of case studies that are less often used at present but that could be appropriate for our jobs .
there are , however , four other [suses] of case studies that are less often used at present but that could be appropriate for our jobs .

Therefore , discussion of some of the applications described here is based on relatively extensive field experience ( with questions in such domains as justice , education , welfare , environment , housing , and foreign aid ) , while the discussion of some of the other applications is based on more constrained experience .
therefore , discussion of some of the [suses] described here is based on relatively extensive field experience ( with questions in such domains as justice , education , welfare , environment , housing , and foreign aid ) , while the discussion of some of the other [suses] is based on more constrained experience .

The next sections of this paper will first present some new ways of thinking about a familiar method , the case study , and then introduce the six applications , describing what is required , in terms of methodology , to get the benefits case studies can offer .
the next sections of this paper will first present some new ways of thinking about a familiar method , the case study , and then introduce the six [suses] , describing what is required , in terms of methodology , to get the benefits case studies can offer .

Case Study Applications As noted earlier , there are six types of applications for case study methods-illustrative , exploratory , critical instance , implementation , program effects , and cumulative .
case study [suses] as noted earlier , there are six types of [suses] for case study methods-illustrative , exploratory , critical instance , implementation , program effects , and cumulative .

Case study reports commonly use only two of the six applications : illustrative and critical instance .
case study reports commonly use only two of the six [suses] : illustrative and critical instance .

The last section shows what basis for selecting sites is appropriate for each of the six applications .
the last section shows what basis for selecting sites is appropriate for each of the six [suses] .

Because applications were very sparse , with about 30 % of eligible colleges applying , the procedure was changed to a two-stage mailing , first to the president to find out the name of the official in charge of federal programs and then to the official .
because [suses] were very sparse , with about 30 % of eligible colleges applying , the procedure was changed to a two-stage mailing , first to the president to find out the name of the official in charge of federal programs and then to the official .

This worked well for a 5-year period , in terms of receipt of applications from over 80 % of the eligible colleges , but when overall federal funding for research was reduced , the positions of federal program coordinators were abolished and applications fell to about 40 % of eligible institutions responding .
this worked well for a 5-year period , in terms of receipt of [suses] from over 80 % of the eligible colleges , but when overall federal funding for research was reduced , the positions of federal program coordinators were abolished and [suses] fell to about 40 % of eligible institutions responding .

The applications previously discussed that involved multisite case studies are cross-sectional : that is , information from several sites is collected at the same time .
the [suses] previously discussed that involved multisite case studies are cross-sectional : that is , information from several sites is collected at the same time .

Design Decisions and Case Study Applications In earlier sections , we discussed seven bases for purposive selection of instances and six applications of the case study method , each of which was associated with a different evaluation purpose or question .
design decisions and case study [suses] in earlier sections , we discussed seven bases for purposive selection of instances and six [suses] of the case study method , each of which was associated with a different evaluation purpose or question .

Bringing this information together , table 3.8 shows the relations among case study applications and design decisions .
bringing this information together , table 3.8 shows the relations among case study [suses] and design decisions .

Some applications of the case study to evaluation purposes have been tried fairly extensively-for example , program implementation case studies .
some [suses] of the case study to evaluation purposes have been tried fairly extensively-for example , program implementation case studies .

One is prospective and intended to help those who plan evaluation to know the minimum features of the various case study applications .
one is prospective and intended to help those who plan evaluation to know the minimum features of the various case study [suses] .

For example , the basis on which instances can be selected differs for the different case study applications .
for example , the basis on which instances can be selected differs for the different case study [suses] .

These guidelines are intended to apply to all types of case study applications .
these guidelines are intended to apply to all types of case study [suses] .

Certain case study applications provide high degrees of generalizability with small numbers of instances .
certain case study [suses] provide high degrees of generalizability with small numbers of instances .

However , the diversity of the population to which generalization is required is a limiting factor in case study applications .
however , the diversity of the population to which generalization is required is a limiting factor in case study [suses] .

We might also be able to report the number of applications for housing construction permits and how many units suitable for low-income housing were coming on the market within 12 months .
we might also be able to report the number of [suses] for housing construction permits and how many units suitable for low-income housing were coming on the market within 12 months .

Unstructured methods may be appropriate for illustrative and exploratory applications .
unstructured methods may be appropriate for illustrative and exploratory [suses] .

Ethnographic Research : Theory and Applications for Modern Schools and Societies .
ethnographic research : theory and [suses] for modern schools and societies .

Halpern , Edward S. `` Auditing Naturalistic Inquiries : Some Preliminary Applications . ''
halpern , edward s. `` auditing naturalistic inquiries : some preliminary [suses] . ''

Spirer , Janet E. The Case Study Method : Guidelines , Practices and Applications for Vocational Education .
spirer , janet e. the case study method : guidelines , practices and [suses] for vocational education .

For example , computers and related equipment have an estimated annual depreciation rate of 31 percent,7 and new versions of software applications are released every few years .
for example , computers and related equipment have an estimated annual depreciation rate of 31 percent,7 and new versions of software [suses] are released every few years .

The CIO organization has helped agencies successfully complete a pilot phase to prototype initial JNET content and applications , also demonstrating the CIO organization « s ability to help deliver on commitments .
the cio organization has helped agencies successfully complete a pilot phase to prototype initial jnet content and [suses] , also demonstrating the cio organization « s ability to help deliver on commitments .

It has received 95 applications with total grant requests of over $ 19-million , for projects totaling $ 36 million .
it has received 95 [suses] with total grant requests of over $ 19-million , for projects totaling $ 36 million .

At the meeting , representatives from LSC and TIG recipients discussed the creation of central databases for a program , region , or state , using various applications such as WAN , SQL or Citrix .
at the meeting , representatives from lsc and tig recipients discussed the creation of central databases for a program , region , or state , using various [suses] such as wan , sql or citrix .

This session focused on how programs should complete grant applications , and the new grant application requirements for applicants which anticipate sub-granting part of the LSC grant during the grant year .
this session focused on how programs should complete grant [suses] , and the new grant application requirements for applicants which anticipate sub-granting part of the lsc grant during the grant year .

The Technology Initiatives Grant Program LSC received 98 grant applications for the 2002 TIG funding .
the technology initiatives grant program lsc received 98 grant [suses] for the 2002 tig funding .

Screening them required seven review sessions with outside panels , internal review sessions , and special sessions with OPP staff to analyze how the applications affected program quality and state planning concerns .
screening them required seven review sessions with outside panels , internal review sessions , and special sessions with opp staff to analyze how the [suses] affected program quality and state planning concerns .

LSC 's Program Letter on Intake Our Program Letter on the characteristics of a telephone intake , advice and referral system sets out the attributes of a superb system for grantees to both inform the field and create a set of standards LSC can use during on-site visits and for evaluating grant applications .
lsc 's program letter on intake our program letter on the characteristics of a telephone intake , advice and referral system sets out the attributes of a superb system for grantees to both inform the field and create a set of standards lsc can use during on-site visits and for evaluating grant [suses] .

Their case management systems will be running on an applications service provider ( ASP ) .
their case management systems will be running on an [suses] service provider ( asp ) .

An extensive guide has been developed for evaluations that considers each criterion and provides reviewers with standards against which to judge funding applications .
an extensive guide has been developed for evaluations that considers each criterion and provides reviewers with standards against which to judge funding [suses] .

LSC will provide regular feedback to programs and applicants on the quality of their applications .
lsc will provide regular feedback to programs and applicants on the quality of their [suses] .

LSC has developed performance guidelines for assessing grant applications .
lsc has developed performance guidelines for assessing grant [suses] .

Permittees are required to retain records pertaining to permit applications and compliance for a minimum of 3 years [ 40 CFR 122.41 ( j ) ( 2 ) ] .
permittees are required to retain records pertaining to permit [suses] and compliance for a minimum of 3 years [ 40 cfr 122.41 ( j ) ( 2 ) ] .

Permittees are required to retain records pertaining to permit applications and compliance for a minimum of 3 years [ 40 CFR 122.41 ( j ) ( 2 ) ] .
permittees are required to retain records pertaining to permit [suses] and compliance for a minimum of 3 years [ 40 cfr 122.41 ( j ) ( 2 ) ] .

It also includes non-utility generation sources such as industrial combined heat and power applications and renewable energy systems .
it also includes non-utility generation sources such as industrial combined heat and power [suses] and renewable energy systems .

Phase I Sulfur Dioxide Requirements Section 413 is existing Section 404 , containing without change the Phase I sulfur dioxide allocations and modified to set a new deadline for new applications for allowances from the Conservation and Renewable Energy Reserve .
phase i sulfur dioxide requirements section 413 is existing section 404 , containing without change the phase i sulfur dioxide allocations and modified to set a new deadline for new [suses] for allowances from the conservation and renewable energy reserve .

The existing deadline for entities to submit new applications based on those actions is moved up from January 1 , 2010 to one year after enactment .
the existing deadline for entities to submit new [suses] based on those actions is moved up from january 1 , 2010 to one year after enactment .

Election for Additional Sources Section 416 is existing Section 410 , modified to reduce the allocations for opt-in units in the Acid Rain Program to 50 percent for applications submitted to EPA after January 1 , 2002 .
election for additional sources section 416 is existing section 410 , modified to reduce the allocations for opt-in units in the acid rain program to 50 percent for [suses] submitted to epa after january 1 , 2002 .

A procedure is established for submission of applications by owners and operators and approval of applications and award of allowances by the Administrator .
a procedure is established for submission of [suses] by owners and operators and approval of [suses] and award of allowances by the administrator .

Permittees are required to retain records pertaining to permit applications and compliance for a minimum of 3 years [ 40 CFR 122.41 ( j ) ( 2 ) ] .
permittees are required to retain records pertaining to permit [suses] and compliance for a minimum of 3 years [ 40 cfr 122.41 ( j ) ( 2 ) ] .

For most applications , this temperature range makes it necessary to locate the SCR reactor adjacent to the boiler - immediately after the boiler and before the air preheater as shown in Figure 3-1 .
for most [suses] , this temperature range makes it necessary to locate the scr reactor adjacent to the boiler - immediately after the boiler and before the air preheater as shown in figure 3-1 .

Suppliers that have offered catalyst for coal applications in the past but currently focus strictly on gas and oil -fired applications were not included .
suppliers that have offered catalyst for coal [suses] in the past but currently focus strictly on gas and oil -fired [suses] were not included .

Capacity in the U.S. is equal to 465 million pounds/yr , or 233,000 tons.49 Both of these numbers include both granular and powdered carbon , powdered being preferable to granular for ACI applications .
capacity in the u.s. is equal to 465 million pounds/yr , or 233,000 tons.49 both of these numbers include both granular and powdered carbon , powdered being preferable to granular for aci [suses] .

The total demand for additional FGD installations will be modest and is expected to be well within the anticipated steel capacity , even with demands from other applications .
the total demand for additional fgd installations will be modest and is expected to be well within the anticipated steel capacity , even with demands from other [suses] .

SCR catalyst manufacturing is almost entirely dedicated to power generating applications .
scr catalyst manufacturing is almost entirely dedicated to power generating [suses] .

Similarly , we used an intermediate resolution grid ( 12 km x 12 km ) to model ozone in `` inner OTAG '' states where population density is high and ozone transport is a major problem.6 This approach makes CAMx well suited to estimate effects based on a range of ozone averaging times , an important capability for benefits assessment applications .
similarly , we used an intermediate resolution grid ( 12 km x 12 km ) to model ozone in `` inner otag '' states where population density is high and ozone transport is a major problem.6 this approach makes camx well suited to estimate effects based on a range of ozone averaging times , an important capability for benefits assessment [suses] .

Previous applications have arrived at a single value per life year based on the discounted stream of values that correspond to the VSL for a 40 year old worker ( U.S. EPA , 1999a ) .
previous [suses] have arrived at a single value per life year based on the discounted stream of values that correspond to the vsl for a 40 year old worker ( u.s. epa , 1999a ) .

His first applications in May and June 2000 were denied because he lacked established ties in Germany ensuring his return from a trip to the United States .
his first [suses] in may and june 2000 were denied because he lacked established ties in germany ensuring his return from a trip to the united states .

Applications were valuable for determining the potential of new arrivals , for filtering out potential spies from among them , and for identifying recruits with special skills .
[suses] were valuable for determining the potential of new arrivals , for filtering out potential spies from among them , and for identifying recruits with special skills .

Because of problems with inaccuracies in the applications , FISAs were allowed to lapse rather than be renewed with continuing inaccuracies .
because of problems with inaccuracies in the [suses] , fisas were allowed to lapse rather than be renewed with continuing inaccuracies .

The FISA Court 's concern with FBI sloppiness in its FISA applications also began to take a toll : the court began designating itself as the gatekeeper for the sharing of intelligence information ; the FBI was required to separately designate criminal and intelligence agents ; and the court banned one supervisory FBI agent from appearing before it .
the fisa court 's concern with fbi sloppiness in its fisa [suses] also began to take a toll : the court began designating itself as the gatekeeper for the sharing of intelligence information ; the fbi was required to separately designate criminal and intelligence agents ; and the court banned one supervisory fbi agent from appearing before it .

All the hijackers whose visa applications we reviewed arguably could have been denied visas because their applications were not filled out completely .
all the hijackers whose visa [suses] we reviewed arguably could have been denied visas because their [suses] were not filled out completely .

For example , three hijackers made statements on their visa applications that could have been proved false by U.S. government records ( Hani Hanjour , Saeed al Ghamdi , and Khalid al Mihdhar ) , and many lied about their employment or educational status .
for example , three hijackers made statements on their visa [suses] that could have been proved false by u.s. government records ( hani hanjour , saeed al ghamdi , and khalid al mihdhar ) , and many lied about their employment or educational status .

Atta and Shehhi attended a flight school ( Huffman Aviation ) that the Justice Department 's Inspector General concluded should not have been certified to accept foreign students , see DOJ Inspector General 's report , `` The INS ' Contacts with Two September 11 Terrorists : A Review of the INS 's Admissions of Atta and Shehhi , its Processing of their Change of Status Applications , and its Efforts to Track Foreign Students in the United States , '' May 20 , 2002 .
atta and shehhi attended a flight school ( huffman aviation ) that the justice department 's inspector general concluded should not have been certified to accept foreign students , see doj inspector general 's report , `` the ins ' contacts with two september 11 terrorists : a review of the ins 's admissions of atta and shehhi , its processing of their change of status [suses] , and its efforts to track foreign students in the united states , '' may 20 , 2002 .

We do not know all the reasons why visa applications have dropped so significantly .
we do not know all the reasons why visa [suses] have dropped so significantly .

Some barriers were proposed by OIPR in the FISA applications and subsequently adopted by the FISC ; others , less formally recorded , were believed by the FBI to be equally applicable .
some barriers were proposed by oipr in the fisa [suses] and subsequently adopted by the fisc ; others , less formally recorded , were believed by the fbi to be equally applicable .

The Department of Justice 's Office of Intelligence Policy and Review ( OIPR ) is responsible for reviewing and presenting all FISA applications to the FISA Court .
the department of justice 's office of intelligence policy and review ( oipr ) is responsible for reviewing and presenting all fisa [suses] to the fisa court .

However , the INS was focused on the formidable challenges posed by illegal entry over the southwest border , criminal aliens , and a growing backlog in the applications for naturalizing immigrants .
however , the ins was focused on the formidable challenges posed by illegal entry over the southwest border , criminal aliens , and a growing backlog in the [suses] for naturalizing immigrants .

For instance , it sought unsuccessfully to require that CIA security checks be completed before naturalization applications were approved .
for instance , it sought unsuccessfully to require that cia security checks be completed before naturalization [suses] were approved .

The program permitted visa applications to be made through travel agencies , instead of directly at the embassy or consulate .
the program permitted visa [suses] to be made through travel agencies , instead of directly at the embassy or consulate .

Binalshibh 's visa request was rejected , however , as were his three subsequent applications .
binalshibh 's visa request was rejected , however , as were his three subsequent [suses] .

The visa applications were destroyed by the State Department according to routine document handling practices before their significance was known .
the visa [suses] were destroyed by the state department according to routine document handling practices before their significance was known .

DOS records , visa applications of Ramzi Binalshibh , May 17 , 2000 ; June 15 , 2000 ; Oct. 25 2000 .
dos records , visa [suses] of ramzi binalshibh , may 17 , 2000 ; june 15 , 2000 ; oct. 25 2000 .

During 2000 , the FBI had erred in preparing some of its applications for FISA surveillance , misstating how much information had been shared with criminal prosecutors and the nature of the walls between the intelligence and law enforcement functions within the FBI .
during 2000 , the fbi had erred in preparing some of its [suses] for fisa surveillance , misstating how much information had been shared with criminal prosecutors and the nature of the walls between the intelligence and law enforcement functions within the fbi .

The applications of Atta and Shehhi for student status include the same supporting financial documentation .
the [suses] of atta and shehhi for student status include the same supporting financial documentation .

For his May and June visa applications , see DOS records , Binalshibh visa applications , May 31 , 2000 ; July 18 , 2000 ; FBI briefing materials , Penttbom , Dec. 10-11 , 2003 , pp .
for his may and june visa [suses] , see dos records , binalshibh visa [suses] , may 31 , 2000 ; july 18 , 2000 ; fbi briefing materials , penttbom , dec. 10-11 , 2003 , pp .

On December 12 , 2000 , and January 28 , 2001-after Binalshibh 's four U.S. visa applications had been denied-Essabar made two unsuccessful U.S. visa applications , stating that he wished to visit the United States during the week of February 15 , 2001 .
on december 12 , 2000 , and january 28 , 2001-after binalshibh 's four u.s. visa [suses] had been denied-essabar made two unsuccessful u.s. visa [suses] , stating that he wished to visit the united states during the week of february 15 , 2001 .

DOS records , Essabar visa applications , Dec. 12 , 2000 ; Jan. 8 , 2001 .
dos records , essabar visa [suses] , dec. 12 , 2000 ; jan. 8 , 2001 .

For Hanjour returning home and obtaining a visa , see DOS records , visa applications for Hanjour , Sept. 10 , 2000 ; Sept. 25 , 2000 .
for hanjour returning home and obtaining a visa , see dos records , visa [suses] for hanjour , sept. 10 , 2000 ; sept. 25 , 2000 .

The Atta and Shehhi applications to change status were ultimately adjudicated on July 17 and August 9 , 2001 .
the atta and shehhi [suses] to change status were ultimately adjudicated on july 17 and august 9 , 2001 .

Of the hijacker visa applications we were able to review , all were incomplete .
of the hijacker visa [suses] we were able to review , all were incomplete .

Overall , visa applications in 2003 were down over 32 percent since 2001 .
overall , visa [suses] in 2003 were down over 32 percent since 2001 .

The most powerful investments may be for improvements in technologies with applications across the transportation modes , such as scanning technologies designed to screen containers that can be transported by plane , ship , truck , or rail .
the most powerful investments may be for improvements in technologies with [suses] across the transportation modes , such as scanning technologies designed to screen containers that can be transported by plane , ship , truck , or rail .

New Drug Applications Before a pharmaceutical company can conduct a US trial that it intends to use in support of a new drug application ( NDA ) , it must first register that trial with the FDA .
new drug [suses] before a pharmaceutical company can conduct a us trial that it intends to use in support of a new drug application ( nda ) , it must first register that trial with the fda .

Skepticism about enhancement technologies is not equivalent to a wish to set back medical research and declare some applications off-limits .
skepticism about enhancement technologies is not equivalent to a wish to set back medical research and declare some [suses] off-limits .

From these data , they conclude that most North American bird species can be discriminated via molecular diagnosis of individuals and propose a “ standard sequence threshold ” of ten times the mean intraspecific variation ( yielding a 2.7 % threshold in birds ) to flag genetically divergent taxa as “ provisional species. ” Thus , their analysis seeks to address both potential applications of DNA barcoding .
from these data , they conclude that most north american bird species can be discriminated via molecular diagnosis of individuals and propose a “ standard sequence threshold ” of ten times the mean intraspecific variation ( yielding a 2.7 % threshold in birds ) to flag genetically divergent taxa as “ provisional species. ” thus , their analysis seeks to address both potential [suses] of dna barcoding .

This work has also rigorously and reproducibly established the great plasticity of these cells and supports the opinion that human embryonic stem cells possess the greatest broadest potential and promise for clinical applications .
this work has also rigorously and reproducibly established the great plasticity of these cells and supports the opinion that human embryonic stem cells possess the greatest broadest potential and promise for clinical [suses] .

As well as therapeutic uses , important potential applications include studies of embryonic stem cells bearing complex genotypes susceptible to poorly understood common human diseases and testing and screening drug efficacy .
as well as therapeutic uses , important potential [suses] include studies of embryonic stem cells bearing complex genotypes susceptible to poorly understood common human diseases and testing and screening drug efficacy .

Some of the potential applications of diatoms can be investigated right now , using naturally occurring diatoms .
some of the potential [suses] of diatoms can be investigated right now , using naturally occurring diatoms .

Academic and professional editors , supported by expert peer-reviewers , will select those studies that drive research forward—in this case , toward medical applications and benefits for patients .
academic and professional editors , supported by expert peer-reviewers , will select those studies that drive research forward—in this case , toward medical [suses] and benefits for patients .

What do these results mean for clinical applications ?
what do these results mean for clinical [suses] ?

Work like Stainier 's on organ development may have applications in tissue engineering .
work like stainier 's on organ development may have [suses] in tissue engineering .

One of the truly revolutionary implications of open-access articles , however , is that we simply do not know the full range of their potential applications .
one of the truly revolutionary implications of open-access articles , however , is that we simply do not know the full range of their potential [suses] .

As a matter of principle , all of our policies reflect the view that scientific publishers are service providers and should not themselves restrict the potential applications of the largely publicly funded work in their journals .
as a matter of principle , all of our policies reflect the view that scientific publishers are service providers and should not themselves restrict the potential [suses] of the largely publicly funded work in their journals .

Those applications , however , tend not to constitute “ misuse ” in many authors ' eyes .
those [suses] , however , tend not to constitute “ misuse ” in many authors ' eyes .

Where fMRI is concerned , “ a penny for your thoughts ” is currently more like “ a million pennies for a group-averaged hemodynamic response to highly constrained stimuli under entirely artificial conditions. ” In light of this , bioethical concerns about fMRI applications should perhaps be viewed not as predictions of a certain future but rather as worstcase scenarios , a reminder of what we want to avoid .
where fmri is concerned , “ a penny for your thoughts ” is currently more like “ a million pennies for a group-averaged hemodynamic response to highly constrained stimuli under entirely artificial conditions. ” in light of this , bioethical concerns about fmri [suses] should perhaps be viewed not as predictions of a certain future but rather as worstcase scenarios , a reminder of what we want to avoid .

The clinical applications appear endless : any gene whose expression contributes to disease is a potential target , from viral genes to oncogenes to genes responsible for heart disease , Alzheimer 's disease , diabetes , and more .
the clinical [suses] appear endless : any gene whose expression contributes to disease is a potential target , from viral genes to oncogenes to genes responsible for heart disease , alzheimer 's disease , diabetes , and more .

The first applications are likely to be in cancer ( targeting out-of-control oncogenes ) or viral infection ( targeting viral genes ) .
the first [suses] are likely to be in cancer ( targeting out-of-control oncogenes ) or viral infection ( targeting viral genes ) .

Ruschhaupt and colleagues comment that “ the literature on the induction of prognostic profiles from microarray studies is a methodological wasteland. ” Much the same could be said of other applications of molecular biology to clinical samples .
ruschhaupt and colleagues comment that “ the literature on the induction of prognostic profiles from microarray studies is a methodological wasteland. ” much the same could be said of other [suses] of molecular biology to clinical samples .

Developments in endosymbiosis are important not only to questions in basic research , but may have important practical applications .
developments in endosymbiosis are important not only to questions in basic research , but may have important practical [suses] .

While the entertainment industry has focused primarily on applications for augmenting cognitive and sensorimotor function , as seen in Star Trek , Firefox , and many other science-fiction scenarios , the scientific community has targeted clinical applications , such as neuroprostheses for restoring motor function after traumatic lesion of the central nervous system .
while the entertainment industry has focused primarily on [suses] for augmenting cognitive and sensorimotor function , as seen in star trek , firefox , and many other science-fiction scenarios , the scientific community has targeted clinical [suses] , such as neuroprostheses for restoring motor function after traumatic lesion of the central nervous system .

These protein complexes enable highly controlled mechanical motion at the nanoscale and may some day lead to novel rotary machines that function as molecular motors for a variety of nanoscale applications .
these protein complexes enable highly controlled mechanical motion at the nanoscale and may some day lead to novel rotary machines that function as molecular motors for a variety of nanoscale [suses] .

It is interesting to consider some of the applications of self-assembled protein arrays .
it is interesting to consider some of the [suses] of self-assembled protein arrays .

It would be interesting to investigate the applications of ordered arrays of dynamic VPL motors , since an array of such “ hinge ” structures may enable the coordinated linear movement of hundreds of tethered macromolecules in a synchronous manner .
it would be interesting to investigate the [suses] of ordered arrays of dynamic vpl motors , since an array of such “ hinge ” structures may enable the coordinated linear movement of hundreds of tethered macromolecules in a synchronous manner .

As the field of nanotechnology continues to evolve , it is likely that we will see many more nanotechnology applications utilizing biological macromolecules .
as the field of nanotechnology continues to evolve , it is likely that we will see many more nanotechnology [suses] utilizing biological macromolecules .

Another team of United States and Italian researchers has found that the same model that describes the growth of individuals can also predict the growth of tumors , hinting that metabolic ecology may have medical applications .
another team of united states and italian researchers has found that the same model that describes the growth of individuals can also predict the growth of tumors , hinting that metabolic ecology may have medical [suses] .

It is important not only for understanding nature , but also for technological applications , including the fabrication of large-scale integrated nanocircuits using a bottom-up approach , and the preparation of multifunctional “ smart ” nanomaterials .
it is important not only for understanding nature , but also for technological [suses] , including the fabrication of large-scale integrated nanocircuits using a bottom-up approach , and the preparation of multifunctional “ smart ” nanomaterials .

The School of Law in Indianapolis received nearly 1,300 applications to enroll its 1993 first-year class of 260 students .
the school of law in indianapolis received nearly 1,300 [suses] to enroll its 1993 first-year class of 260 students .

At our law school , 1989 applications for admission increased by 35 % over the previous year ; in 1990 applications for admission increased an additional 20 % !
at our law school , 1989 [suses] for admission increased by 35 % over the previous year ; in 1990 [suses] for admission increased an additional 20 % !

For this year 's entering class , we had more than five times the number of applications for every freshman seat .
for this year 's entering class , we had more than five times the number of [suses] for every freshman seat .

Applications for enrollment remain high and the quality of entering students is excellent .
[suses] for enrollment remain high and the quality of entering students is excellent .

The school received 1,437 applications to seat 260 students in the 1992 entering class .
the school received 1,437 [suses] to seat 260 students in the 1992 entering class .

The demand for a legal education remains high , as we received 1,243 applications for our 1994 first-year class .
the demand for a legal education remains high , as we received 1,243 [suses] for our 1994 first-year class .

Which brings us to the question raised by The Best American Recipes 1999 : Why , in a world besotted with mindless applications of the `` best-of '' conceit , did it take so long to come up with this one ?
which brings us to the question raised by the best american recipes 1999 : why , in a world besotted with mindless [suses] of the `` best-of '' conceit , did it take so long to come up with this one ?

To qualify for a bonus under his new regulations , states would be required not just to make it easy for families who leave welfare ( TANF ) to keep getting food stamps , but to actively `` encourage food stamp applications even if the TANF application halts . ''
to qualify for a bonus under his new regulations , states would be required not just to make it easy for families who leave welfare ( tanf ) to keep getting food stamps , but to actively `` encourage food stamp [suses] even if the tanf application halts . ''

The list this year , reports the Post , includes $ 250,000 to study the tactical applications of caffeinated chewing gum .
the list this year , reports the post , includes $ 250,000 to study the tactical [suses] of caffeinated chewing gum .

Even as so many HMOs pull out of Medicare , there are concurrently 25 HMOs hoping to expand their Medicare involvement and still more HMOs with applications pending .
even as so many hmos pull out of medicare , there are concurrently 25 hmos hoping to expand their medicare involvement and still more hmos with [suses] pending .

Officials worried about falling minority enrollments and applications are proposing to guarantee admission to the University of California to any California high-school student who graduates in the top 4 percent of his high-school class .
officials worried about falling minority enrollments and [suses] are proposing to guarantee admission to the university of california to any california high-school student who graduates in the top 4 percent of his high-school class .

Applications are pending for 19,965 new phones in addition to the 32,239 already on the streets of New York .
[suses] are pending for 19,965 new phones in addition to the 32,239 already on the streets of new york .

Much of their research is in commercial applications , which belongs in the private sector .
much of their research is in commercial [suses] , which belongs in the private sector .

License-renewal applications do n't discuss , though , how many citizens you have conked in the head .
license-renewal [suses] do n't discuss , though , how many citizens you have conked in the head .

This compares to the puny installation requirement of 5 megs to 10 megs of hard-disk space for a similar array of DOS applications , circa 1988 : WordPerfect , Lotus 123 , dBase , Crosstalk , etc .
this compares to the puny installation requirement of 5 megs to 10 megs of hard-disk space for a similar array of dos [suses] , circa 1988 : wordperfect , lotus 123 , dbase , crosstalk , etc .

Most computer users want to do fancy new things with their speedy Pentium chips and mongolarge hard drives , not just run their old applications faster .
most computer users want to do fancy new things with their speedy pentium chips and mongolarge hard drives , not just run their old [suses] faster .

If you want to run unbloated legacy programs such as WordStar for Windows or Bitcom for DOS instead of new applications , be my guest .
if you want to run unbloated legacy programs such as wordstar for windows or bitcom for dos instead of new [suses] , be my guest .

Applications to Masters of Fine Arts programs are rising .
[suses] to masters of fine arts programs are rising .

The FCC has received 30,000 e-rate applications and expects to start handing out funds this summer .
the fcc has received 30,000 e-rate [suses] and expects to start handing out funds this summer .

Both approaches have merit for different applications .
both approaches have merit for different [suses] .

Unlike PointCast , which downloads its own content , and the offline reader clones , which download only Web pages , Castanet can download Java applications and applets in addition to Web pages .
unlike pointcast , which downloads its own content , and the offline reader clones , which download only web pages , castanet can download java [suses] and applets in addition to web pages .

BC : You ca n't imagine the applications this kind of thing could have .
bc : you ca n't imagine the [suses] this kind of thing could have .

Already , talented twentysomething software developers are laying plans to choke the cable-enhanced Internet with full-motion video ( one feature-length movie contains almost 17 gigabytes of data , or 136 billion bits ) , virtual-reality games , assorted business applications , XXX live smut , and Webzines about politics and culture .
already , talented twentysomething software developers are laying plans to choke the cable-enhanced internet with full-motion video ( one feature-length movie contains almost 17 gigabytes of data , or 136 billion bits ) , virtual-reality games , assorted business [suses] , xxx live smut , and webzines about politics and culture .

There 's a man who understands the benefits of corporate oil , since I do n't see how he could get his hair to stay like that without liberal applications of it .
there 's a man who understands the benefits of corporate oil , since i do n't see how he could get his hair to stay like that without liberal [suses] of it .

A NYT front-page story based on those same documents paints a diametric picture , reporting that Justice took extraordinary steps to maximize the terrorists ' chances for clemency , including the highly unusual step of making their applications for them and having supporters persuade them to write statements of repentance .
a nyt front-page story based on those same documents paints a diametric picture , reporting that justice took extraordinary steps to maximize the terrorists ' chances for clemency , including the highly unusual step of making their [suses] for them and having supporters persuade them to write statements of repentance .

A high-energy physicist once told me , when I asked her what she was working on , `` I could n't possibly put it into words '' -- yet she continues to receive NSF funding , which suggests someone understands what she is up to on her grant applications .
a high-energy physicist once told me , when i asked her what she was working on , `` i could n't possibly put it into words '' -- yet she continues to receive nsf funding , which suggests someone understands what she is up to on her grant [suses] .

The rejection rate for student visas has doubled even as the total number of applications has declined .
the rejection rate for student visas has doubled even as the total number of [suses] has declined .

In 1984 , when the Macintosh was released , Microsoft was dwarfed by both its hardware-selling clients and the vendors of popular applications .
in 1984 , when the macintosh was released , microsoft was dwarfed by both its hardware-selling clients and the vendors of popular [suses] .

It was Bill Gates ' genius to understand that his tiny company could own the link between those two sides of the business , reducing PC manufacturers to commodity box-builders and forcing software developers to compete with Microsoft applications on Microsoft turf .
it was bill gates ' genius to understand that his tiny company could own the link between those two sides of the business , reducing pc manufacturers to commodity box-builders and forcing software developers to compete with microsoft [suses] on microsoft turf .

Java should rightly be compared to Visual Basic and other tools meant for rapid development of applications .
java should rightly be compared to visual basic and other tools meant for rapid development of [suses] .

I have not found any examples of truly complicated robust applications written in Java .
i have not found any examples of truly complicated robust [suses] written in java .

It can and should include in its operating system those .dll files that Windows 95 and other applications need .
it can and should include in its operating system those .dll files that windows 95 and other [suses] need .

The engineers at that firm know full well which .dll files could and would be needed by other applications , including the OS .
the engineers at that firm know full well which .dll files could and would be needed by other [suses] , including the os .

These are only the simplest applications ; PICS was expressly designed to be an open-ended system that permits multiple labeling services and multiple ways of using labels ; unlike the CDA , PICS can be used for purposes other than screening out sexual or offensive content .
these are only the simplest [suses] ; pics was expressly designed to be an open-ended system that permits multiple labeling services and multiple ways of using labels ; unlike the cda , pics can be used for purposes other than screening out sexual or offensive content .

The Java byte-code verifier imposes some performance cost , but there 's no reason Java code can not be byte-code verified once , then translated to efficient machine code , and then stored on your hard drive along with all your store-bought applications .
the java byte-code verifier imposes some performance cost , but there 's no reason java code can not be byte-code verified once , then translated to efficient machine code , and then stored on your hard drive along with all your store-bought [suses] .

Do the sons and daughters of alumni feel insecure because the standards used to evaluate their applications were significantly different ( and lower ) than those used for nonalumnae candidates ?
do the sons and daughters of alumni feel insecure because the standards used to evaluate their [suses] were significantly different ( and lower ) than those used for nonalumnae candidates ?

His ( much-repeated and now familiar ) argument : Microsoft 's `` open standards '' have created a prosperous , competitive industry worth $ 40 billion a year , and the government has no place deciding which applications Microsoft can and can not include in its products .
his ( much-repeated and now familiar ) argument : microsoft 's `` open standards '' have created a prosperous , competitive industry worth $ 40 billion a year , and the government has no place deciding which [suses] microsoft can and can not include in its products .

Ballmer would take control of the applications division . ''
ballmer would take control of the [suses] division . ''

The NYT fronts a news analysis predicting that the most likely Microsoft breakup scenario would be along product lines : One company would make Windows , another would make application software such as Microsoft Office , and the third would handle Internet applications .
the nyt fronts a news analysis predicting that the most likely microsoft breakup scenario would be along product lines : one company would make windows , another would make application software such as microsoft office , and the third would handle internet [suses] .

The advent of Linux ; the continued penetration of Java ; the merger between AOL and Netscape ; and the rapid growth in PDAs and non-desktop applications : All of these are phenomena that do n't fit into the picture of a computing world in which domination of the PC operating system translates into domination elsewhere .
the advent of linux ; the continued penetration of java ; the merger between aol and netscape ; and the rapid growth in pdas and non-desktop [suses] : all of these are phenomena that do n't fit into the picture of a computing world in which domination of the pc operating system translates into domination elsewhere .

Does Jackson secretly think that Microsoft should n't ever have been able to branch out into desktop applications like Word and Excel ?
does jackson secretly think that microsoft should n't ever have been able to branch out into desktop [suses] like word and excel ?

The Los Angeles Times lead claims that the findings will compound problems that are already eroding Microsoft 's dominance of the software industry , including : the defection of top talent ; the emergence of new computing platforms ; and the evolution of Web-based applications .
the los angeles times lead claims that the findings will compound problems that are already eroding microsoft 's dominance of the software industry , including : the defection of top talent ; the emergence of new computing platforms ; and the evolution of web-based [suses] .

Officials at the Justice Department and FISA Court deny that the latter is a rubber stamp , attributing Justice 's winning percentage to rigorous internal review that weeds out bad applications before they 're filed .
officials at the justice department and fisa court deny that the latter is a rubber stamp , attributing justice 's winning percentage to rigorous internal review that weeds out bad [suses] before they 're filed .

The public does n't have many independent guarantees that the courts are applying tough scrutiny to the government 's applications .
the public does n't have many independent guarantees that the courts are applying tough scrutiny to the government 's [suses] .

In their review of several FISA applications in the context of criminal cases , they have yet to indicate that a FISA warrant was improperly granted .
in their review of several fisa [suses] in the context of criminal cases , they have yet to indicate that a fisa warrant was improperly granted .

Federal grant applications for improving the town 's industrial park ( itself a federally subsidized project ) , upgrading its sewer system , rehabilitating a government airport , building a golf course ... were abandoned .
federal grant [suses] for improving the town 's industrial park ( itself a federally subsidized project ) , upgrading its sewer system , rehabilitating a government airport , building a golf course ... were abandoned .

Of late , lawmakers have indicated a change of attitude toward legal immigrants , and this has affected the number of applications for citizenship .
of late , lawmakers have indicated a change of attitude toward legal immigrants , and this has affected the number of [suses] for citizenship .

This loss of benefits has almost certainly precipitated the jump from the long-standing annual average of 300,000 citizenship applications to 1.6 million in 1996 .
this loss of benefits has almost certainly precipitated the jump from the long-standing annual average of 300,000 citizenship [suses] to 1.6 million in 1996 .

The increase in citizenship applications has led to longer processing periods and , according to critics , to some immigrants being wrongly naturalized .
the increase in citizenship [suses] has led to longer processing periods and , according to critics , to some immigrants being wrongly naturalized .

Recent changes in the law prohibit asylum applications from persons who have been in the United States for more than a year .
recent changes in the law prohibit asylum [suses] from persons who have been in the united states for more than a year .

The WP runs a front-page piece driving home the study 's applications to the Washington/Virginia region , noting that it reveals that D.C. men have nearly the shortest life span in the country , while men just across the Potomac in suburban Virginia have nearly the longest -- a difference of 14.5 years .
the wp runs a front-page piece driving home the study 's [suses] to the washington/virginia region , noting that it reveals that d.c. men have nearly the shortest life span in the country , while men just across the potomac in suburban virginia have nearly the longest -- a difference of 14.5 years .

The cover editorial advocates breaking Microsoft into two or three competing operating-system companies and an applications company , which would encourage innovation without harming interoperability .
the cover editorial advocates breaking microsoft into two or three competing operating-system companies and an [suses] company , which would encourage innovation without harming interoperability .

U.S. News ' cover says the proliferation of small computer devices and the ascendance of Web-based applications are eroding Microsoft 's dominance .
u.s. news ' cover says the proliferation of small computer devices and the ascendance of web-based [suses] are eroding microsoft 's dominance .

That view gained momentum Friday with the judge 's declaration that `` it is Microsoft 's corporate practice to pressure other firms to halt software development that either shows the potential to weaken the applications barrier to entry or competes directly with Microsoft 's most cherished software products . ''
that view gained momentum friday with the judge 's declaration that `` it is microsoft 's corporate practice to pressure other firms to halt software development that either shows the potential to weaken the [suses] barrier to entry or competes directly with microsoft 's most cherished software products . ''

The shared conclusion is that the agreement is a win-win : Apple buys some needed time , Microsoft locks up the Macintosh applications market and wards off antitrust investigators .
the shared conclusion is that the agreement is a win-win : apple buys some needed time , microsoft locks up the macintosh [suses] market and wards off antitrust investigators .

The story shows a not-altogether well-thought out applications process : for example , she decided not to pursue Bryn Mawr merely because she learned some other black students at her school were also urged to apply by a black student at the college , and was interested in another much lesser school because she mistakenly thought it was free .
the story shows a not-altogether well-thought out [suses] process : for example , she decided not to pursue bryn mawr merely because she learned some other black students at her school were also urged to apply by a black student at the college , and was interested in another much lesser school because she mistakenly thought it was free .

The LAT front and the NYT inside report an increase in the number of applications to the University of California from blacks ( up 4.9 percent ) and Latinos ( up 7 percent ) .
the lat front and the nyt inside report an increase in the number of [suses] to the university of california from blacks ( up 4.9 percent ) and latinos ( up 7 percent ) .

This confounds much-publicized concerns that the school 's decision to end affirmative action last year would have a chilling effect on minority applications .
this confounds much-publicized concerns that the school 's decision to end affirmative action last year would have a chilling effect on minority [suses] .

More recently a few mainframe applications have become feasible on PC servers , and it is clear that one day , the last mainframe will be turned off .
more recently a few mainframe [suses] have become feasible on pc servers , and it is clear that one day , the last mainframe will be turned off .

Described by network architects Jerome Saltzer , David P. Reed , and David Clark , end-to-end means that you keep the network stupid , and build intelligence at the `` ends '' -- in the applications , or the users .
described by network architects jerome saltzer , david p. reed , and david clark , end-to-end means that you keep the network stupid , and build intelligence at the `` ends '' -- in the [suses] , or the users .

One consequence of this consequence of non-discrimination was that new applications could be brought to the Net , even if they displaced the dominant existing application .
one consequence of this consequence of non-discrimination was that new [suses] could be brought to the net , even if they displaced the dominant existing application .

Larry promises us that more is in store : The older Net was `` end-to-end , '' so that all the action was in the user applications .
larry promises us that more is in store : the older net was `` end-to-end , '' so that all the action was in the user [suses] .

Consider Brown , whose undergraduates have a higher average SAT score than those at Chicago , and which gets three times as many applications precisely because it has a reputation for being a blast and lacks any real requirements .
consider brown , whose undergraduates have a higher average sat score than those at chicago , and which gets three times as many [suses] precisely because it has a reputation for being a blast and lacks any real requirements .

The FSF crew preaches that all software should be `` Open Source , '' by which they mean that any user should be able to view and change the underlying code , be it for the operating system or for applications .
the fsf crew preaches that all software should be `` open source , '' by which they mean that any user should be able to view and change the underlying code , be it for the operating system or for [suses] .

You can use your mouse to open documents and applications ( such as WordPerfect ) .
you can use your mouse to open documents and [suses] ( such as wordperfect ) .

Perhaps the greatest technological feature that Windows possesses is that it can handle programs as old as the first DOS applications .
perhaps the greatest technological feature that windows possesses is that it can handle programs as old as the first dos [suses] .

In `` The Best University in America , '' Jacob Weisberg writes : `` Consider Brown , whose undergraduates have a higher average SAT score than those at Chicago , and which gets three times as many applications precisely because it has a reputation for being a blast and lacks any real requirements . ''
in `` the best university in america , '' jacob weisberg writes : `` consider brown , whose undergraduates have a higher average sat score than those at chicago , and which gets three times as many [suses] precisely because it has a reputation for being a blast and lacks any real requirements . ''

Gerth waited until June , two months after his leadoff article , to mention that Clinton 's predecessor , Bush , had approved all the waiver applications that reached his desk and that Clinton himself `` routinely followed the practice ... signing 10 waivers . ''
gerth waited until june , two months after his leadoff article , to mention that clinton 's predecessor , bush , had approved all the waiver [suses] that reached his desk and that clinton himself `` routinely followed the practice ... signing 10 waivers . ''

The databases , programming tools and applications included in Linux are worth many thousands more -- if you can find them at all for Windows NT .
the databases , programming tools and [suses] included in linux are worth many thousands more -- if you can find them at all for windows nt .

I suspect you and I both remember the time when the only things `` processed '' were cheese and applications for licenses and passports .
i suspect you and i both remember the time when the only things `` processed '' were cheese and [suses] for licenses and passports .

Internet telephony , one of the coolest new online applications , illustrates packet switching 's drawbacks .
internet telephony , one of the coolest new online [suses] , illustrates packet switching 's drawbacks .

It is clogging as more and more Net heads use packet-intensive , real-time applications such as Internet telephony and RealAudio .
it is clogging as more and more net heads use packet-intensive , real-time [suses] such as internet telephony and realaudio .

These `` streaming '' applications swallow enormous chunks of bandwidth for long periods of time , eliminating one of the Net 's chief economies .
these `` streaming '' [suses] swallow enormous chunks of bandwidth for long periods of time , eliminating one of the net 's chief economies .

Customers will pay a premium to use streaming applications or send high-priority messages .
customers will pay a premium to use streaming [suses] or send high-priority messages .

By the time the commission stopped accepting amnesty applications two weeks ago , it had received more than 8,000 requests .
by the time the commission stopped accepting amnesty [suses] two weeks ago , it had received more than 8,000 requests .

Production of other chemicals , such as chlorine and certain pesticides , which have commercial as well as military applications , will continue , but a U.N. agency will monitor production to prevent their military use .
production of other chemicals , such as chlorine and certain pesticides , which have commercial as well as military [suses] , will continue , but a u.n. agency will monitor production to prevent their military use .

Several chemicals exempted from the ban have only esoteric civilian applications , but obvious military uses .
several chemicals exempted from the ban have only esoteric civilian [suses] , but obvious military uses .

Vice President Gore offered an executive order that would ease export restrictions by 1 ) raising the export limit from 40 bits to 56 bits for at least the next two years ( allowing U.S. companies to meet the current minimum commercial standard ) ; 2 ) transferring export-license authority from a State Department military office , which almost always refuses applications , to the more friendly Commerce Department ; 3 ) permitting export of encryption of unlimited strength , provided the technology incorporates `` key recovery . ''
vice president gore offered an executive order that would ease export restrictions by 1 ) raising the export limit from 40 bits to 56 bits for at least the next two years ( allowing u.s. companies to meet the current minimum commercial standard ) ; 2 ) transferring export-license authority from a state department military office , which almost always refuses [suses] , to the more friendly commerce department ; 3 ) permitting export of encryption of unlimited strength , provided the technology incorporates `` key recovery . ''

The presidentially appointed Postal Rate Commission , which adjudicates the Postal Service 's applications for rate changes , cast doubt on USPS 's figures , claiming that it had `` seriously misestimated its need for a rate hike . ''
the presidentially appointed postal rate commission , which adjudicates the postal service 's [suses] for rate changes , cast doubt on usps 's figures , claiming that it had `` seriously misestimated its need for a rate hike . ''

The AMA also urged the government to facilitate grant applications for studies on medical marijuana , including access to marijuana supplies .
the ama also urged the government to facilitate grant [suses] for studies on medical marijuana , including access to marijuana supplies .

The AMA also urged the government to facilitate grant applications for studies on medical marijuana , including access to marijuana supplies .
the ama also urged the government to facilitate grant [suses] for studies on medical marijuana , including access to marijuana supplies .

Closure has familiar applications in the realm of personal relationships .
closure has familiar [suses] in the realm of personal relationships .

Meanwhile , applications for citizenship are on the rise , so the waiting time for immigrants to hear back has doubled to more than a year .
meanwhile , [suses] for citizenship are on the rise , so the waiting time for immigrants to hear back has doubled to more than a year .

When personal computers first entered the market , there was enormous innovation in new desktop-software applications .
when personal computers first entered the market , there was enormous innovation in new desktop-software [suses] .

This will permit Microsoft to exercise the same type of proprietary control over MS Java applications that it does over other Windows applications .
this will permit microsoft to exercise the same type of proprietary control over ms java [suses] that it does over other windows [suses] .

However , your Internet applications ( other than Internet Explorer -- which you 've removed , remember ? )
however , your internet [suses] ( other than internet explorer -- which you 've removed , remember ? )

In the market for personal computers , the value of a machine is directly proportional to the number of applications that run on it .
in the market for personal computers , the value of a machine is directly proportional to the number of [suses] that run on it .

Johnson 's idea of opportunity ranges from the unobjectionable -- like giving banks better software for mortgage applications -- to a bunch of new subsidies , many of which , sadly , Clinton and the Republican Congress may enact .
johnson 's idea of opportunity ranges from the unobjectionable -- like giving banks better software for mortgage [suses] -- to a bunch of new subsidies , many of which , sadly , clinton and the republican congress may enact .

When Beijing Enterprises , a company with nothing to show but its connection as the investment arm of the Beijing mayor 's office , made an initial public offering in Hong Kong last week , there were almost 1,300 applications for each available share .
when beijing enterprises , a company with nothing to show but its connection as the investment arm of the beijing mayor 's office , made an initial public offering in hong kong last week , there were almost 1,300 [suses] for each available share .

A WP front-pager marvels at the deluge of applications to the U.S. Patent and Trademark office for logos sporting the word `` millenium . ''
a wp front-pager marvels at the deluge of [suses] to the u.s. patent and trademark office for logos sporting the word `` millenium . ''

The paper does n't point out that this is getting towards the flight profile involved in that Marine flight that hit the ski lift , suggesting that such low flying is not without its applications in this theater of operations and not necessarily a sign of joyriding .
the paper does n't point out that this is getting towards the flight profile involved in that marine flight that hit the ski lift , suggesting that such low flying is not without its [suses] in this theater of operations and not necessarily a sign of joyriding .

In fine , while there is no doubt that the Companion will -- and should -- become a standard work on the language , one must not impute to its function anything more than its service as a guide : the English language is unimaginably vast , in its origins and history , in its literary , philosophical , psychological , social , and specialized applications , and in the descriptions of its grammar , usage , dialects , and lexicon , both historical and contemporary .
in fine , while there is no doubt that the companion will -- and should -- become a standard work on the language , one must not impute to its function anything more than its service as a guide : the english language is unimaginably vast , in its origins and history , in its literary , philosophical , psychological , social , and specialized [suses] , and in the descriptions of its grammar , usage , dialects , and lexicon , both historical and contemporary .

As it is , the last twenty years have seen a bewildering array of applications , all in the sense of a ` long-lasting , demanding activity , ' a ` test of endurance , ' or an ` indication of enormous capacity . '
as it is , the last twenty years have seen a bewildering array of [suses] , all in the sense of a ` long-lasting , demanding activity , ' a ` test of endurance , ' or an ` indication of enormous capacity . '

My favorite is -ercise/-icise because of the notable diffidence of its applications .
my favorite is -ercise/-icise because of the notable diffidence of its [suses] .

That is , if you are going to say something about people , then avoid using the word man ( for example ) because , regardless of the ancillary definitions one might find in the dictionary , in its most common meaning and use it denotes ` male ' and the strong connotations of that denotation are carried over to all other applications of the word : it is not , in fact , as neutral as some believe it to be .
that is , if you are going to say something about people , then avoid using the word man ( for example ) because , regardless of the ancillary definitions one might find in the dictionary , in its most common meaning and use it denotes ` male ' and the strong connotations of that denotation are carried over to all other [suses] of the word : it is not , in fact , as neutral as some believe it to be .

The Ethnography of Communication , An Introduction From the cover : [ This book ] is concerned with how and why language is used and how its use varies in different cultures ... . Saville-Troike presents the essential terms and concepts introduced and developed by Dell Hymes and others and surveys the most important findings and applications of their work .
the ethnography of communication , an introduction from the cover : [ this book ] is concerned with how and why language is used and how its use varies in different cultures ... . saville-troike presents the essential terms and concepts introduced and developed by dell hymes and others and surveys the most important findings and [suses] of their work .

Those who are not designers but typographers steeped in statistics of readability and other scientific applications to typography are fully aware that because of the redundancy built into its characters , almost any serif font is more ( readily ) legible than any sans-serif face , and trying to make a book look modern by using sans-serif makes no sense at all .
those who are not designers but typographers steeped in statistics of readability and other scientific [suses] to typography are fully aware that because of the redundancy built into its characters , almost any serif font is more ( readily ) legible than any sans-serif face , and trying to make a book look modern by using sans-serif makes no sense at all .

More than thirty different types of products are described , including word processors , desktop publishing , fonts , translation packages , spelling checkers , and their applications .
more than thirty different types of products are described , including word processors , desktop publishing , fonts , translation packages , spelling checkers , and their [suses] .

Communication Technical Applications , Inc. [ which no longer exists ] provided the translator for the Yiddish Guide ... a native Yiddish speaker with expertise rated at the 5/5 level .
communication technical [suses] , inc. [ which no longer exists ] provided the translator for the yiddish guide ... a native yiddish speaker with expertise rated at the 5/5 level .

The Census Bureau official informed me that the translator had been approved by Communications Technical Applications , Inc. , a private contractor , whose word on the expertise of the translator the Census Bureau tacitly accepted .
the census bureau official informed me that the translator had been approved by communications technical [suses] , inc. , a private contractor , whose word on the expertise of the translator the census bureau tacitly accepted .

It is true that many computer applications began in the military but many people who are not conscious of the military associations use expressions like command language or launch a program .
it is true that many computer [suses] began in the military but many people who are not conscious of the military associations use expressions like command language or launch a program .

A study of successful ESPRIT acronyms ( i.e. , the acronyms of grant applications which proved successful ) suggests certain guidelines .
a study of successful esprit acronyms ( i.e. , the acronyms of grant [suses] which proved successful ) suggests certain guidelines .

I make part of my living as a freelance in word processing and other computer applications .
i make part of my living as a freelance in word processing and other computer [suses] .

