One wonders about its applicability to people .
one wonders about its [usefulness] to people .

Fortunately , a general formula of wide applicability solves all problems of this kind .
fortunately , a general formula of wide [usefulness] solves all problems of this kind .

The report said close examination would be given to : — Possible reasons for the progressive descent into the sea ; — The helicopter 's performance under the prevailing conditions ; — Flight crew actions and procedures ; — Observance and applicability of any operational limitations and guidelines ; — Survival aspects including structural integrity , survival aids and search and rescue assets .
the report said close examination would be given to : — possible reasons for the progressive descent into the sea ; — the helicopter 's performance under the prevailing conditions ; — flight crew actions and procedures ; — observance and [usefulness] of any operational limitations and guidelines ; — survival aspects including structural integrity , survival aids and search and rescue assets .

Comment on the applicability of this model to the real world .
comment on the [usefulness] of this model to the real world .

It may be possible , while accepting the underlying general principle , to argue against its applicability to nuclear weapons : for instance , by saying that a nuclear bomb is not a chemical weapon as such , the poison gas being a mere incidental by-product ; or to go back to the fundamental prohibition of ‘ weapons that cause unnecessary suffering ’ and argue that the suffering caused by a nuclear weapon is not disproportionate to its military effectiveness .
it may be possible , while accepting the underlying general principle , to argue against its [usefulness] to nuclear weapons : for instance , by saying that a nuclear bomb is not a chemical weapon as such , the poison gas being a mere incidental by-product ; or to go back to the fundamental prohibition of ‘ weapons that cause unnecessary suffering ’ and argue that the suffering caused by a nuclear weapon is not disproportionate to its military effectiveness .

Article 36 emphasises the general applicability of these basic principles :
article 36 emphasises the general [usefulness] of these basic principles :

It was these implications of the greater clarity introduced by the Geneva Protocols on the prohibition of indiscriminate weapons that led the British government , in addition to its general reservation excluding their applicability to nuclear weapons , to formulate further specific reservations in respect of what may constitute a military objective . As part of the clarification of the prohibition of indiscriminate attacks , Article 52 of the First Geneva Protocol provided :
it was these implications of the greater clarity introduced by the geneva protocols on the prohibition of indiscriminate weapons that led the british government , in addition to its general reservation excluding their [usefulness] to nuclear weapons , to formulate further specific reservations in respect of what may constitute a military objective . as part of the clarification of the prohibition of indiscriminate attacks , article 52 of the first geneva protocol provided :

Even if one takes a sceptical view of the applicability of the laws of war to nuclear weapons , it does not follow that the laws of war are irrelevant in the nuclear age .
even if one takes a sceptical view of the [usefulness] of the laws of war to nuclear weapons , it does not follow that the laws of war are irrelevant in the nuclear age .

By asking these questions , practitioners can judge the validity and applicability of research and incorporate the findings into that part of their professional knowledge which is informed .
by asking these questions , practitioners can judge the validity and [usefulness] of research and incorporate the findings into that part of their professional knowledge which is informed .

The change in the nature of the workers ' skill comes about , claims Mallet , because old craft-based skills of general applicability are replaced by skills needed to operate specific pieces of machinery . Again quoting Gallie 's summary of Mallet :
the change in the nature of the workers ' skill comes about , claims mallet , because old craft-based skills of general [usefulness] are replaced by skills needed to operate specific pieces of machinery . again quoting gallie 's summary of mallet :

The progression is familiar enough , and it adds another modern dimension to Middle-earth-or rather a timeless one , for though in the modern age we give Saruman a modern ‘ applicability ’ , his name , and the evident uncertainty even in Anglo-Saxon times over mechanical cleverness and ‘ machinations ’ , shows that his meaning was ancient too .
the progression is familiar enough , and it adds another modern dimension to middle-earth-or rather a timeless one , for though in the modern age we give saruman a modern ‘ [usefulness] ’ , his name , and the evident uncertainty even in anglo-saxon times over mechanical cleverness and ‘ machinations ’ , shows that his meaning was ancient too .

The lawyer translates these , and reconstitutes the issues in terms of a legal discourse which has trans-situational applicability .
the lawyer translates these , and reconstitutes the issues in terms of a legal discourse which has trans-situational [usefulness] .

It remains true , however , that we do not now have the means to deploy this approach wholeheartedly , so that anyone who insists on its universal applicability must be taken , at least for the moment , to be committing an act of faith .
it remains true , however , that we do not now have the means to deploy this approach wholeheartedly , so that anyone who insists on its universal [usefulness] must be taken , at least for the moment , to be committing an act of faith .

But it does mean that ‘ principles of good design ’ are hard to expound , ambiguous when they can be discerned , and hedged around with many caveats as to their applicability .
but it does mean that ‘ principles of good design ’ are hard to expound , ambiguous when they can be discerned , and hedged around with many caveats as to their [usefulness] .

He was far less concerned with the ‘ facts ’ , with the accuracy or applicability of substantive knowledge — these things were important in so far as they indicated the perspective which lay behind them .
he was far less concerned with the ‘ facts ’ , with the accuracy or [usefulness] of substantive knowledge — these things were important in so far as they indicated the perspective which lay behind them .

But on the present approach the search for universal standards is irrelevant to the objectivity of right and wrong ; it is in the nature of standards , which must alter with changing conditions and vary in stringency and applicability to particular cases , to be both a help and a hindrance to discovering the objective worth of a particular act .
but on the present approach the search for universal standards is irrelevant to the objectivity of right and wrong ; it is in the nature of standards , which must alter with changing conditions and vary in stringency and [usefulness] to particular cases , to be both a help and a hindrance to discovering the objective worth of a particular act .

The Accounting Standards Board has issued a statement setting out its policy on the applicability of accounting standards to transactions that had been entered into before the standard had been issued .
the accounting standards board has issued a statement setting out its policy on the [usefulness] of accounting standards to transactions that had been entered into before the standard had been issued .

The fifth point is rather more ambiguous in its conclusions and present degree of applicability ( Unitatis Redintegratio 8 ; Orientalium Ecclesiarum 26 and 27 ) .
the fifth point is rather more ambiguous in its conclusions and present degree of [usefulness] ( unitatis redintegratio 8 ; orientalium ecclesiarum 26 and 27 ) .

the explanatory power and potential planning applicability of geographic theory does not depend on the employed and usually specified spatial axioms but rather on the unspecified axioms about individual and group behaviour .
the explanatory power and potential planning [usefulness] of geographic theory does not depend on the employed and usually specified spatial axioms but rather on the unspecified axioms about individual and group behaviour .

Methodological principles need to be discussed at the rather abstract level at which they were presented in the preceding chapters ; otherwise it is not always easy to assess the applicability of a set of methods to a new research context .
methodological principles need to be discussed at the rather abstract level at which they were presented in the preceding chapters ; otherwise it is not always easy to assess the [usefulness] of a set of methods to a new research context .

The more general applicability to sociolinguistic analysis of a method which is sensitive both to the phonetically complex and linguistically constrained character of variation is illustrated in tables 6.9 and 6.10 .
the more general [usefulness] to sociolinguistic analysis of a method which is sensitive both to the phonetically complex and linguistically constrained character of variation is illustrated in tables 6.9 and 6.10 .

One well-known and very important point about experimental work which emerges clearly from the studies discussed in this section is that in order to frame a specific hypothesis the experimenter needs to have acquired in advance a good deal of detailed knowledge ; Plutchik ( 1974 ) emphasizes this in his discussion of the applicability of experimental versus observational methods .
one well-known and very important point about experimental work which emerges clearly from the studies discussed in this section is that in order to frame a specific hypothesis the experimenter needs to have acquired in advance a good deal of detailed knowledge ; plutchik ( 1974 ) emphasizes this in his discussion of the [usefulness] of experimental versus observational methods .

Hamburg eliminated the Hague and Visby Rules ' disputed precondition of applicability only to documents of title .
hamburg eliminated the hague and visby rules ' disputed precondition of [usefulness] only to documents of title .

’ The omission of the words ‘ of title ’ allows applicability to non-documents of title , such as sea waybills and cargo and forwarders ' receipts , as long as these waybills and receipts evidence the contract of carriage .
’ the omission of the words ‘ of title ’ allows [usefulness] to non-documents of title , such as sea waybills and cargo and forwarders ' receipts , as long as these waybills and receipts evidence the contract of carriage .

Clearly there are numerous technical and conceptual problems involved in such studies , and the general applicability of the findings of such studies ‘ will depend on how far these numerous factors have been incorporated in the original economic theory and how representative are the data used ’ .
clearly there are numerous technical and conceptual problems involved in such studies , and the general [usefulness] of the findings of such studies ‘ will depend on how far these numerous factors have been incorporated in the original economic theory and how representative are the data used ’ .

The complexity of the social security regulations and the attempts , during the 1980s , by Ministers to limit their applicability resulted in a series of judicial decisions .
the complexity of the social security regulations and the attempts , during the 1980s , by ministers to limit their [usefulness] resulted in a series of judicial decisions .

Does this approach have a wider applicability ?
does this approach have a wider [usefulness] ?

This case is an important illustration of the direct applicability of European Community law in member countries .
this case is an important illustration of the direct [usefulness] of european community law in member countries .

Despite the bias of SSAPs towards private sector profit-making organizations , this should not preclude their applicability , when appropriate , to the public sector , or for that matter , to private sector not-for-profit organizations such as charities .
despite the bias of ssaps towards private sector profit-making organizations , this should not preclude their [usefulness] , when appropriate , to the public sector , or for that matter , to private sector not-for-profit organizations such as charities .

Such approaches are intellectually valuable but of limited applicability .
such approaches are intellectually valuable but of limited [usefulness] .

For certain predicates , applicability to parts entails applicability to wholes corresponding to the parts .
for certain predicates , [usefulness] to parts entails [usefulness] to wholes corresponding to the parts .

The degree of difficulty of the problem , the uncertainty of the constraints and applicability of the experience of the team members , all contribute to the uniqueness of the experience .
the degree of difficulty of the problem , the uncertainty of the constraints and [usefulness] of the experience of the team members , all contribute to the uniqueness of the experience .

The main reason for showing this example is not its intrinsic value to applied scientists ( the problem of space-charged-limited diodes is no longer in the forefront of interest ) but to demonstrate the applicability of Poisson 's equation under conditions of steady current flow .
the main reason for showing this example is not its intrinsic value to applied scientists ( the problem of space-charged-limited diodes is no longer in the forefront of interest ) but to demonstrate the [usefulness] of poisson 's equation under conditions of steady current flow .

Proviso to Criminal Appeal Act 1968 , s.2 — applicability
proviso to criminal appeal act 1968 , s.2 — [usefulness]

This , among other factors , points to the conclusion that Adorno 's theory of standardization , which wants to be a total theory , is in fact strictly limited in its applicability .
this , among other factors , points to the conclusion that adorno 's theory of standardization , which wants to be a total theory , is in fact strictly limited in its [usefulness] .

There are many possible ways in which one may incur tortious liability through the instrumentality of an animal under one 's control , but the fact that the agent happens to be animate rather than inanimate is immaterial , for while the common law , like other legal systems , developed special or additional rules of liability for animals , it did not deny the applicability to them of the general law .
there are many possible ways in which one may incur tortious liability through the instrumentality of an animal under one 's control , but the fact that the agent happens to be animate rather than inanimate is immaterial , for while the common law , like other legal systems , developed special or additional rules of liability for animals , it did not deny the [usefulness] to them of the general law .

If incrementalism is perceived in these terms there is little difficulty in understanding its applicability to social policy .
if incrementalism is perceived in these terms there is little difficulty in understanding its [usefulness] to social policy .

The approach adopted in Islington could have wide applicability .
the approach adopted in islington could have wide [usefulness] .

In fact , any argument directed against the applicability of the idea of identity to meanings is really self-stultifying , for such an argument would imply , among other things , that no topic could be significantly referred to as `` the same `` on two separate occasions , with the inevitable consequence that the argument itself could not get off the ground .
in fact , any argument directed against the [usefulness] of the idea of identity to meanings is really self-stultifying , for such an argument would imply , among other things , that no topic could be significantly referred to as `` the same `` on two separate occasions , with the inevitable consequence that the argument itself could not get off the ground .

Moreover , the fact that experience of objects is to be had only under the form of space and time ensures the applicability of mathematics to the whole or the phenomenal ( and hence physical ) world .
moreover , the fact that experience of objects is to be had only under the form of space and time ensures the [usefulness] of mathematics to the whole or the phenomenal ( and hence physical ) world .

We can almost distinguish between a cultural set constructed around employment and wages for all adult members of the household ( which raises questions about the general applicability of Offe 's , 1984 , earlier quoted remark about the lessening importance of wages in relation to the determination of existence ) and another constructed around benefit dependency .
we can almost distinguish between a cultural set constructed around employment and wages for all adult members of the household ( which raises questions about the general [usefulness] of offe 's , 1984 , earlier quoted remark about the lessening importance of wages in relation to the determination of existence ) and another constructed around benefit dependency .

However , it also reflects the general applicability of a point made by Ball about one of the leading theorists in this area :
however , it also reflects the general [usefulness] of a point made by ball about one of the leading theorists in this area :

Although the theory has general applicability , it was first used to tackle the problem of ritualized fighting .
although the theory has general [usefulness] , it was first used to tackle the problem of ritualized fighting .

The closest to any general formulation emerges in the idea that the applicability of natural justice will be dependent on the nature of the power exercised and its effect upon the individual concerned .
the closest to any general formulation emerges in the idea that the [usefulness] of natural justice will be dependent on the nature of the power exercised and its effect upon the individual concerned .

The subsequent years were characterised by a host of cases on natural justice in which the courts were concerned not just with the content of those rules but with the criterion for their applicability .
the subsequent years were characterised by a host of cases on natural justice in which the courts were concerned not just with the content of those rules but with the criterion for their [usefulness] .

Nothing provides a better demonstration of this than the continued usage of the administrative-judicial dichotomy as a basis for determining the applicability of natural justice .
nothing provides a better demonstration of this than the continued usage of the administrative-judicial dichotomy as a basis for determining the [usefulness] of natural justice .

To render the applicability of natural justice dependent upon a prior classification of the above type would have its utility in greater certainty and predictability : if a case fell within one category certain results would follow ; if it fell in a different category differing results would ensue .
to render the [usefulness] of natural justice dependent upon a prior classification of the above type would have its utility in greater certainty and predictability : if a case fell within one category certain results would follow ; if it fell in a different category differing results would ensue .

It seems clear on principle that the technical distinction between rights and privileges should not be determinative of the applicability of procedural protection .
it seems clear on principle that the technical distinction between rights and privileges should not be determinative of the [usefulness] of procedural protection .

Can the applicability of procedural protection be affected by the likelihood that the hearing would make a difference to the result that the tribunal has reached in this particular instance ?
can the [usefulness] of procedural protection be affected by the likelihood that the hearing would make a difference to the result that the tribunal has reached in this particular instance ?

Where review is based upon procedural grounds the applicability of such procedural protection should not be placed in jeopardy by the court second guessing whether a hearing would have made a difference .
where review is based upon procedural grounds the [usefulness] of such procedural protection should not be placed in jeopardy by the court second guessing whether a hearing would have made a difference .

First , the line between what is regarded as an office and what is construed as a pure master-servant relationship can be very fine , thereby rendering the applicability of natural justice difficult to predict and producing divisions which are capricious .
first , the line between what is regarded as an office and what is construed as a pure master-servant relationship can be very fine , thereby rendering the [usefulness] of natural justice difficult to predict and producing divisions which are capricious .

First , while the courts have generally avoided rigid classifications in deciding on the applicability of natural justice , they have not discarded such tools altogether .
first , while the courts have generally avoided rigid classifications in deciding on the [usefulness] of natural justice , they have not discarded such tools altogether .

Where highly decentralised systems of local government ( such as in the United States ) are not found , the methods are limited in their applicability even in the field of local government .
where highly decentralised systems of local government ( such as in the united states ) are not found , the methods are limited in their [usefulness] even in the field of local government .

Early Comintern documents on Latin America — authorship unknown — had explicitly denied the applicability of the national-democratic stage and called for an agrarian , anti-imperialist and anti-capitalist revolution .
early comintern documents on latin america — authorship unknown — had explicitly denied the [usefulness] of the national-democratic stage and called for an agrarian , anti-imperialist and anti-capitalist revolution .

The twins point out that this conception of polysemy has only limited applicability , for it does not explain ambiguity caused by contextual factors .
the twins point out that this conception of polysemy has only limited [usefulness] , for it does not explain ambiguity caused by contextual factors .

their semantics — the models they provide , their usefulness and applicability
their semantics — the models they provide , their usefulness and [usefulness]

The development of communicative competence and the extent , and the limits of the applicability of English for specific purposes to young learners and to school settings .
the development of communicative competence and the extent , and the limits of the [usefulness] of english for specific purposes to young learners and to school settings .

Both idea and phrase had immediate applicability to religious and poetic symbolism .
both idea and phrase had immediate [usefulness] to religious and poetic symbolism .

Applicability to debentures
[usefulness] to debentures

on earnings per share and deferred tax ) , this fact makes it easy to comment on their applicability : they are obviously not applicable .
on earnings per share and deferred tax ) , this fact makes it easy to comment on their [usefulness] : they are obviously not applicable .

Examination of the budgetary process in the public sector provides interesting evidence on how organisations actually behave and the applicability of these models as descriptions and prescriptions for their behaviour .
examination of the budgetary process in the public sector provides interesting evidence on how organisations actually behave and the [usefulness] of these models as descriptions and prescriptions for their behaviour .

Our principal method for gathering the information about care programming which we report here was direct interviews with practitioners , but this could not give any indication of the applicability of our findings to other areas .
our principal method for gathering the information about care programming which we report here was direct interviews with practitioners , but this could not give any indication of the [usefulness] of our findings to other areas .

It is probably fair to say that continued detailed study of the Lorenz equations will go on throwing out new ideas of general applicability , despite their rather special properties ( e.g .
it is probably fair to say that continued detailed study of the lorenz equations will go on throwing out new ideas of general [usefulness] , despite their rather special properties ( e.g .

As always , it is necessary to know the range of applicability of any measurement — whether it is relevant to other similar flows or whether it is peculiar to the particular situation investigated .
as always , it is necessary to know the range of [usefulness] of any measurement — whether it is relevant to other similar flows or whether it is peculiar to the particular situation investigated .

Since the number of measurements needed for a reasonably full understanding of any turbulent flow is large , it is highly desirable to make observations of general applicability .
since the number of measurements needed for a reasonably full understanding of any turbulent flow is large , it is highly desirable to make observations of general [usefulness] .

Indeed , despite the academic controversy that surrounds the problem of interpreting the applicability and nature of section 5 of the Civil Evidence Act , it has given rise to very little directly relevant case law .
indeed , despite the academic controversy that surrounds the problem of interpreting the [usefulness] and nature of section 5 of the civil evidence act , it has given rise to very little directly relevant case law .

— and its immediate applicability — the eradication of the diseases of animals and humans — made the new discipline accessible , understandable and appealing .
— and its immediate [usefulness] — the eradication of the diseases of animals and humans — made the new discipline accessible , understandable and appealing .

However , the classical writers tended to transfer the same principles of adjustment from the microeconomic to the macroeconomic plane , though their applicability at this level of aggregation is altogether more problematical , as Keynes was to point out .
however , the classical writers tended to transfer the same principles of adjustment from the microeconomic to the macroeconomic plane , though their [usefulness] at this level of aggregation is altogether more problematical , as keynes was to point out .

The fact that Keynes had severe reservations , occasionally bordering on outright hostility , towards the applicability of econometric methods to macroeconomics was swept to one side .
the fact that keynes had severe reservations , occasionally bordering on outright hostility , towards the [usefulness] of econometric methods to macroeconomics was swept to one side .

This seemingly symbiotic link has been damaging to the more general applicability of these criteria in other contexts .
this seemingly symbiotic link has been damaging to the more general [usefulness] of these criteria in other contexts .

These factors make it unlikely that his dicta , even if accepted by other members of the Court , could be given any more general applicability .
these factors make it unlikely that his dicta , even if accepted by other members of the court , could be given any more general [usefulness] .

Treaty language suggesting applicability to all States has to be measured against pronouncements denying that it was the intention of the signatories to create third party rights .
treaty language suggesting [usefulness] to all states has to be measured against pronouncements denying that it was the intention of the signatories to create third party rights .

2.7.8 Applicability of power methods
2.7.8 [usefulness] of power methods

The worst that can happen is that its domain of applicability becomes circumscribed .
the worst that can happen is that its domain of [usefulness] becomes circumscribed .

For example , the definition of the judicial function may vary according to whether we are concerned with rules about contempt of court , absolute privilege in the law of defamation , judicial immunity from actions in tort , or the applicability of the rules of natural justice .
for example , the definition of the judicial function may vary according to whether we are concerned with rules about contempt of court , absolute privilege in the law of defamation , judicial immunity from actions in tort , or the [usefulness] of the rules of natural justice .

This criticism is part of a wider attack on the use of classification of functions as a criterion for deciding issues such as the availability of judicial remedies to control administrative action ( the remedy of certiorari was at one time said to be available only if the decision-maker was under a duty to act ‘ judicially ’ ) , or the applicability of the rules of natural justice in particular circumstances ( sometimes said to apply only to ‘ judicial functions ’ ) .
this criticism is part of a wider attack on the use of classification of functions as a criterion for deciding issues such as the availability of judicial remedies to control administrative action ( the remedy of certiorari was at one time said to be available only if the decision-maker was under a duty to act ‘ judicially ’ ) , or the [usefulness] of the rules of natural justice in particular circumstances ( sometimes said to apply only to ‘ judicial functions ’ ) .

As we have seen , the distinction between public and private functions is important in determining the scope of applicability of the public law principles of judicial review .
as we have seen , the distinction between public and private functions is important in determining the scope of [usefulness] of the public law principles of judicial review .

Consequently , the defence account of mistake is of general applicability whereas the definitional account can apply only to a limited range of cases .
consequently , the defence account of mistake is of general [usefulness] whereas the definitional account can apply only to a limited range of cases .

What claims does it make as to the universal applicability of its results ?
what claims does it make as to the universal [usefulness] of its results ?

This section reviews published research into natural language applications that involve some element of semantic processing ; with particular emphasis on the applicability to text recognition systems .
this section reviews published research into natural language applications that involve some element of semantic processing ; with particular emphasis on the [usefulness] to text recognition systems .

The established semantic theories are severely limited in terms of their computational applicability .
the established semantic theories are severely limited in terms of their computational [usefulness] .

The special value of mathematics lay in its applicability to all other sciences .
the special value of mathematics lay in its [usefulness] to all other sciences .

These variations were so great that he questioned the applicability of formulae which used this approach to sampling .
these variations were so great that he questioned the [usefulness] of formulae which used this approach to sampling .

The legislative function is exercised mainly through Parliament which has the power to make laws of general applicability and to grant to other bodies the power to make delegated legislation under authority of an act of parliament .
the legislative function is exercised mainly through parliament which has the power to make laws of general [usefulness] and to grant to other bodies the power to make delegated legislation under authority of an act of parliament .

The Supreme Court having removed quite a few familiar landmarks without issuing much in the way of fresh navigational guidance , the courts faced some difficulties in addressing the issue of the Convention 's applicability .
the supreme court having removed quite a few familiar landmarks without issuing much in the way of fresh navigational guidance , the courts faced some difficulties in addressing the issue of the convention 's [usefulness] .

An exchange of ideas between the academic and business communities is encouraged by inviting senior managers to discuss the applicability and limitations of the concepts introduced in the courses .
an exchange of ideas between the academic and business communities is encouraged by inviting senior managers to discuss the [usefulness] and limitations of the concepts introduced in the courses .

Such an extension will not invalidate the special theory but will fill it out to meet the requirements of wider applicability .
such an extension will not invalidate the special theory but will fill it out to meet the requirements of wider [usefulness] .

The increasing ability of desk-top computers to perform sophisticated mathematical manipulations , in addition to massive calculations , is rapidly extending the applicability of mathematical techniques .
the increasing ability of desk-top computers to perform sophisticated mathematical manipulations , in addition to massive calculations , is rapidly extending the [usefulness] of mathematical techniques .

Enabling statutes are needed to legitimize state action in new fields by defining broad aims and areas of applicability .
enabling statutes are needed to legitimize state action in new fields by defining broad aims and areas of [usefulness] .

When considering their applicability to particular organizations it is necessary to heed Clegg and Dunkerley 's warning that we should not assume that power resources will have equal utility to the members of all organizations in all situations .
when considering their [usefulness] to particular organizations it is necessary to heed clegg and dunkerley 's warning that we should not assume that power resources will have equal utility to the members of all organizations in all situations .

Other requirements are applicability to various procedures .
other requirements are [usefulness] to various procedures .

The second aim of the investigation is to analyse the applicability of statistical methods to changing processes and investigate how econometric techniques need to be extended to cope with the more complicated economic relationships created by adjustment and change .
the second aim of the investigation is to analyse the [usefulness] of statistical methods to changing processes and investigate how econometric techniques need to be extended to cope with the more complicated economic relationships created by adjustment and change .

Particular attention will be paid to the applicability of the newly-emerging connectionist models to comprehension , especially to modelling patterns of inference made during understanding .
particular attention will be paid to the [usefulness] of the newly-emerging connectionist models to comprehension , especially to modelling patterns of inference made during understanding .

Theoretically it seeks to examine the applicability of ‘ post-structural ’ and ‘ post-Marxist ’ approaches in the social sciences to anthropological research .
theoretically it seeks to examine the [usefulness] of ‘ post-structural ’ and ‘ post-marxist ’ approaches in the social sciences to anthropological research .

It remains to be seen if they have applicability to the much more complex discriminant analysis problems routinely undertaken by classical taxonomists .
it remains to be seen if they have [usefulness] to the much more complex discriminant analysis problems routinely undertaken by classical taxonomists .

It is also possible that some research is directed towards developing a technique , methodology , computer program , or piece of equipment which has wide applicability , but whose initial testing was carried out within some field of Scottish geology .
it is also possible that some research is directed towards developing a technique , methodology , computer program , or piece of equipment which has wide [usefulness] , but whose initial testing was carried out within some field of scottish geology .

She achieves this by attributing to Freud a relatively low level of transhistorical applicability .
she achieves this by attributing to freud a relatively low level of transhistorical [usefulness] .

It is a smug axiom whose general applicability is doubtful , but , it is almost certainly true in the case of the canals .
it is a smug axiom whose general [usefulness] is doubtful , but , it is almost certainly true in the case of the canals .

This critique has wide applicability but it is convenient to discuss it here .
this critique has wide [usefulness] but it is convenient to discuss it here .

Its applicability to the eighteenth-century novel seems , on the other hand , to be less questionable , and one can equally well see its relevance to twentieth-century writers like John Fowles .
its [usefulness] to the eighteenth-century novel seems , on the other hand , to be less questionable , and one can equally well see its relevance to twentieth-century writers like john fowles .

We should also , however , add a comment on a negative aspect , concerning the idea of applicability .
we should also , however , add a comment on a negative aspect , concerning the idea of [usefulness] .

Although , as we have said , applicability of a property is not part of our descriptive apparatus as such , in Chapter 3 we shall point out that there is an inevitable consequence of the occurrence of assignment of qualification , namely that the qualifying property is taken to be valid for the entity qualified , by contrast with the case where qualification occurs alone .
although , as we have said , [usefulness] of a property is not part of our descriptive apparatus as such , in chapter 3 we shall point out that there is an inevitable consequence of the occurrence of assignment of qualification , namely that the qualifying property is taken to be valid for the entity qualified , by contrast with the case where qualification occurs alone .

5.5 This conclusion will actually exclude the great majority of verbs ( or , more exactly , all normal uses of the great majority of verbs ) from appearing in construction with an adverbal adjective at all , with or without the claimed nuance ; either they will be related to their object in such a way that there is simply no need to mention any particular property of the latter entity , as in ( 30 ) ; or , even if there is some property of the object specially relevant to the notion introduced in the verb , that property does not belong to the object by virtue of the relationship between the verb and the object ; for instance , even if Angela in ( 31 ) resembles her cousin in that they are both dark , her cousin does not have that property because Angela resembles her , and even if the Prince admired his Chief Justice because of his disposition to clemency it is not the the Prince 's admiration that justifies the applicability of the property merciful . Hence the ungrammaticality of the structures in ( 31 ) which purport to offer us adverbal adjectives : ( 30 ) the Dean met Mrs Smollett and her uncle a Persian Kite costs $4,000 ( 31 ) Angela resembles her cousin dark the Prince admired his Chief Justice merciful
5.5 this conclusion will actually exclude the great majority of verbs ( or , more exactly , all normal uses of the great majority of verbs ) from appearing in construction with an adverbal adjective at all , with or without the claimed nuance ; either they will be related to their object in such a way that there is simply no need to mention any particular property of the latter entity , as in ( 30 ) ; or , even if there is some property of the object specially relevant to the notion introduced in the verb , that property does not belong to the object by virtue of the relationship between the verb and the object ; for instance , even if angela in ( 31 ) resembles her cousin in that they are both dark , her cousin does not have that property because angela resembles her , and even if the prince admired his chief justice because of his disposition to clemency it is not the the prince 's admiration that justifies the [usefulness] of the property merciful . hence the ungrammaticality of the structures in ( 31 ) which purport to offer us adverbal adjectives : ( 30 ) the dean met mrs smollett and her uncle a persian kite costs $4,000 ( 31 ) angela resembles her cousin dark the prince admired his chief justice merciful

Most verbs which are used of situations where the object — talking strictly of the intensional level and not of the world referred to — does not change its properties ( between the narrow focus on the object phrase alone , and the wider view when it is construed with the verb and the adjective as in ( 22 ) ) will not be suitable ; if a property that might be expressed by an adjective could be present in the wider structural context , then its applicability will not normally be connected with the link between the verb and the noun phrase .
most verbs which are used of situations where the object — talking strictly of the intensional level and not of the world referred to — does not change its properties ( between the narrow focus on the object phrase alone , and the wider view when it is construed with the verb and the adjective as in ( 22 ) ) will not be suitable ; if a property that might be expressed by an adjective could be present in the wider structural context , then its [usefulness] will not normally be connected with the link between the verb and the noun phrase .

We should stress that we are talking of constructional applicability .
we should stress that we are talking of constructional [usefulness] .

Indeed , some verbs seem to have no lexical content beyond one which is aimed at providing some kind of reservation about applicability of the adjectival property , examples being become and turn which place a temporal restriction on the adjective 's applicability ; the subordinate property only holds after the time indicated by the tense of the verb .
indeed , some verbs seem to have no lexical content beyond one which is aimed at providing some kind of reservation about [usefulness] of the adjectival property , examples being become and turn which place a temporal restriction on the adjective 's [usefulness] ; the subordinate property only holds after the time indicated by the tense of the verb .

The verbs seem and appear deliberately withhold applicability ( thus permitting but not demanding the inference that it is inappropriate ) , as does the verb act where it can be taken that the property does not apply .
the verbs seem and appear deliberately withhold [usefulness] ( thus permitting but not demanding the inference that it is inappropriate ) , as does the verb act where it can be taken that the property does not apply .

Then too , the solutions to some problems exemplified here have more general applicability to other areas .
then too , the solutions to some problems exemplified here have more general [usefulness] to other areas .

It is also possible that some research is directed towards developing a technique , methodology , computer program , or piece of equipment which has wide applicability , but whose initial testing was carried out within some field of Scottish geology .
it is also possible that some research is directed towards developing a technique , methodology , computer program , or piece of equipment which has wide [usefulness] , but whose initial testing was carried out within some field of scottish geology .

Subsequent research will then be devoted to determining its range of applicability and subjecting it to still further tests .
subsequent research will then be devoted to determining its range of [usefulness] and subjecting it to still further tests .

Article 23 [ concerning the area of applicability of the Basic Law ] will be rescinded .
article 23 [ concerning the area of [usefulness] of the basic law ] will be rescinded .

The Israeli Cabinet responded to the proposal on Nov. 4 by stating that Israel did not acknowledge the applicability of the Convention to the territories .
the israeli cabinet responded to the proposal on nov. 4 by stating that israel did not acknowledge the [usefulness] of the convention to the territories .

In the second place , the claim of rational thought to limitless applicability has been disproved .
in the second place , the claim of rational thought to limitless [usefulness] has been disproved .

There is in fact a great need for research in this area of the applicability of continuum mechanics .
there is in fact a great need for research in this area of the [usefulness] of continuum mechanics .

Locke obviously recognized the implausibility of supposing that experience gives us these pieces of knowledge ; experience can not account for their certain applicability to all wholes , all numbers , or all promises .
locke obviously recognized the implausibility of supposing that experience gives us these pieces of knowledge ; experience can not account for their certain [usefulness] to all wholes , all numbers , or all promises .

That is , these methods , typifications , and practices are employed by policemen and women as the main resource for accomplishing police work , and their relevance and applicability is taken for granted and never challenged .
that is , these methods , typifications , and practices are employed by policemen and women as the main resource for accomplishing police work , and their relevance and [usefulness] is taken for granted and never challenged .

The first point is undeniable , and few field workers and even fewer researchers would object to it a priori ( though its applicability may be complicated by the dynamic development of a project ) .
the first point is undeniable , and few field workers and even fewer researchers would object to it a priori ( though its [usefulness] may be complicated by the dynamic development of a project ) .

From the welter of information available , perhaps the most significant point to emerge from user studies is that few , if any , of their findings lend themselves to general applicability .
from the welter of information available , perhaps the most significant point to emerge from user studies is that few , if any , of their findings lend themselves to general [usefulness] .

Unfortunately , there are two huge problems which modify the useful applicability of this pragmatic approach .
unfortunately , there are two huge problems which modify the useful [usefulness] of this pragmatic approach .

The method is still experimental and its applicability depends on the casing position with respect to the high resistivity cap formation .
the method is still experimental and its [usefulness] depends on the casing position with respect to the high resistivity cap formation .

The notion of the overriding importance of applicability of learning is born of long immersion in community education .
the notion of the overriding importance of [usefulness] of learning is born of long immersion in community education .

Information has been put before young people in tight subject departments : maths , history , physics etc — with little attention paid to the relationships between the subjects and the applicability of their content to the outside world .
information has been put before young people in tight subject departments : maths , history , physics etc — with little attention paid to the relationships between the subjects and the [usefulness] of their content to the outside world .

That is : given characteristics are attributed to the entire population of Shetlanders and to the entire population of incomers : any differences which exist within the category are differences in degree of applicability .
that is : given characteristics are attributed to the entire population of shetlanders and to the entire population of incomers : any differences which exist within the category are differences in degree of [usefulness] .

As Bukharin pointed out : ‘ The limits to the applicability of these categories will become instantly clear if we define the basic conditions of existence for the real relationships which correspond to them ( i.e .
as bukharin pointed out : ‘ the limits to the [usefulness] of these categories will become instantly clear if we define the basic conditions of existence for the real relationships which correspond to them ( i.e .

He also believed that research should have policy implications and that funding sources should require this applicability .
he also believed that research should have policy implications and that funding sources should require this [usefulness] .

Physicians in these environments may doubt the applicability of research done in academic centers .
physicians in these environments may doubt the [usefulness] of research done in academic centers .

Recent testimony to the Congress by Governor Ridge has clarified the Administration 's commitment to these provisions.18 The final legislation should clearly reflect the applicability of these tenets to the new department .
recent testimony to the congress by governor ridge has clarified the administration 's commitment to these provisions.18 the final legislation should clearly reflect the [usefulness] of these tenets to the new department .

Each federal agency will need to consider the applicability of these practices within the context of its own mission , needs , and culture .
each federal agency will need to consider the [usefulness] of these practices within the context of its own mission , needs , and culture .

To determine the applicability of the leading organization 's practices to federal agencies , we discussed our findings with numerous federal officials , including officials in OMB 's Information Policy and Technology Branch , the Computer Security Division of NIST 's Information Technology Laboratory , CIO Council members , the chairman of the Chief Financial Officers Council 's systems subcommittee , information security officers from 15 federal agencies , and members of the President 's Commission on Critical Infrastructure Protection .
to determine the [usefulness] of the leading organization 's practices to federal agencies , we discussed our findings with numerous federal officials , including officials in omb 's information policy and technology branch , the computer security division of nist 's information technology laboratory , cio council members , the chairman of the chief financial officers council 's systems subcommittee , information security officers from 15 federal agencies , and members of the president 's commission on critical infrastructure protection .

Applicability The mission of FASAB is to recommend accounting concepts and standards that result in federal agencies ' financial reports including understandable , relevant , and reliable information about the financial position , activities , and results of operations of the United States government and its component units .
[usefulness] the mission of fasab is to recommend accounting concepts and standards that result in federal agencies ' financial reports including understandable , relevant , and reliable information about the financial position , activities , and results of operations of the united states government and its component units .

APPLICABILITY 38 .
[usefulness] 38 .

Finally , all entity determinations of the applicability of stewardship standards should be thoroughly documented .
finally , all entity determinations of the [usefulness] of stewardship standards should be thoroughly documented .

Finally , in compliance with section 604 ( a ) ( 5 ) , the analysis describes the significant alternatives considered and rejected , including universal applicability to commercial mobile voice services , automatic exclusion of all rural cellular carriers , and a Commission-developed set of standards for implementation .
finally , in compliance with section 604 ( a ) ( 5 ) , the analysis describes the significant alternatives considered and rejected , including universal [usefulness] to commercial mobile voice services , automatic exclusion of all rural cellular carriers , and a commission-developed set of standards for implementation .

In response to a request from the Chairman and the Ranking Minority Member , Subcommittee on Readiness and Management Support , Senate Committee on Armed Services , GAO ( 1 ) assessed the impact of design and manufacturing knowledge on DOD program outcomes , ( 2 ) compared best practices to those used in DOD programs , and ( 3 ) analyzed current weapon system acquisition guidance for applicability of best practices to obtain better program outcomes .
in response to a request from the chairman and the ranking minority member , subcommittee on readiness and management support , senate committee on armed services , gao ( 1 ) assessed the impact of design and manufacturing knowledge on dod program outcomes , ( 2 ) compared best practices to those used in dod programs , and ( 3 ) analyzed current weapon system acquisition guidance for [usefulness] of best practices to obtain better program outcomes .

Specifically , we identified best practices that have led to more successful product development and production outcomes , compared the best practices to those used in DOD programs , and analyzed current weapon system acquisition guidance for applicability of best practices .
specifically , we identified best practices that have led to more successful product development and production outcomes , compared the best practices to those used in dod programs , and analyzed current weapon system acquisition guidance for [usefulness] of best practices .

To determine the applicability of the leading organization 's practices to federal agencies , we discussed our findings with numerous federal officials , including officials in OMB 's Information Policy and Technology Branch , the Computer Security Division of NIST 's Information Technology Laboratory , CIO Council members , the chairman of the Chief Financial Officers Council 's systems subcommittee , information security officers from 15 federal agencies , and members of the President 's Commission on Critical Infrastructure Protection .
to determine the [usefulness] of the leading organization 's practices to federal agencies , we discussed our findings with numerous federal officials , including officials in omb 's information policy and technology branch , the computer security division of nist 's information technology laboratory , cio council members , the chairman of the chief financial officers council 's systems subcommittee , information security officers from 15 federal agencies , and members of the president 's commission on critical infrastructure protection .

He specifically cited the DOT docket management system as the type of model that could have broader applicability .
he specifically cited the dot docket management system as the type of model that could have broader [usefulness] .

EPA estimates that there are approximately 490 respondents that are affected by the air emission rules and must submit an initial applicability notification .
epa estimates that there are approximately 490 respondents that are affected by the air emission rules and must submit an initial [usefulness] notification .

Their applicability to case study evaluations outside of settings such as GAO is being explored .
their [usefulness] to case study evaluations outside of settings such as gao is being explored .

This executive guide includes examples from our case study organizations as well as information from selected federal organizations , which helped us confirm the applicability of our findings to federal government experience .
this executive guide includes examples from our case study organizations as well as information from selected federal organizations , which helped us confirm the [usefulness] of our findings to federal government experience .

Applicability : This procedure applies to requests by the Office of Compliance and Enforcement ( OCE ) or the Office of Program Performance ( OPP ) for access to records of a recipient that may include information that may be protected by rules of professional responsibility or the law on attorney-client privilege .
[usefulness] : this procedure applies to requests by the office of compliance and enforcement ( oce ) or the office of program performance ( opp ) for access to records of a recipient that may include information that may be protected by rules of professional responsibility or the law on attorney-client privilege .

The procedure was designed for general applicability in the analysis of data from short-term chronic toxicity tests .
the procedure was designed for general [usefulness] in the analysis of data from short-term chronic toxicity tests .

The procedure was designed for general applicability in the analysis of data from short-term chronic toxicity tests .
the procedure was designed for general [usefulness] in the analysis of data from short-term chronic toxicity tests .

Applicability Section 422 provides that the owner or operator must hold allowances for all the affected EGUs at a facility at least equal to the total sulfur dioxide emissions for those units during the year .
[usefulness] section 422 provides that the owner or operator must hold allowances for all the affected egus at a facility at least equal to the total sulfur dioxide emissions for those units during the year .

Applicability Section 432 provides that the owner or operator must hold allowances for all the affected EGUs at a facility at least equal to the total sulfur dioxide emissions for those units during each covered year .
[usefulness] section 432 provides that the owner or operator must hold allowances for all the affected egus at a facility at least equal to the total sulfur dioxide emissions for those units during each covered year .

Applicability Section 452 provides that the owner or operator must hold allowances for all the EGUs units at a facility at least equal to the total nitrogen oxides emissions for those units during the year .
[usefulness] section 452 provides that the owner or operator must hold allowances for all the egus units at a facility at least equal to the total nitrogen oxides emissions for those units during the year .

Applicability Section 472 provides that the owner or operator must hold allowances for all the affected EGUs at a facility at least equal to the total mercury emissions for those units during the year .
[usefulness] section 472 provides that the owner or operator must hold allowances for all the affected egus at a facility at least equal to the total mercury emissions for those units during the year .

Ozone Transport Provisions The Clear Skies Act restricts the applicability of petitions under Section 126 of the Clean Air Act , and the requirements of the state implementation plan ( SIP ) `` good neighbor '' provisions of Section 110 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( D ) of the Clean Air Act , to affected units under the new trading programs .
ozone transport provisions the clear skies act restricts the [usefulness] of petitions under section 126 of the clean air act , and the requirements of the state implementation plan ( sip ) `` good neighbor '' provisions of section 110 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( d ) of the clean air act , to affected units under the new trading programs .

Given their consistent results and broad applicability to general US populations , the Six-City and ACS data have been of particular importance in benefits analyses .
given their consistent results and broad [usefulness] to general us populations , the six-city and acs data have been of particular importance in benefits analyses .

Applicability .
[usefulness] .

Applicability .
[usefulness] .

Applicability .
[usefulness] .

Applicability .
[usefulness] .

APPLICABILITY .
[usefulness] .

APPLICABILITY .
[usefulness] .

APPLICABILITY .
[usefulness] .

APPLICABILITY .
[usefulness] .

This result is valid to the extent that the assumptions concerning the weight profile of the mail , and the applicability of First-Class rates to such mail , are valid .
this result is valid to the extent that the assumptions concerning the weight profile of the mail , and the [usefulness] of first-class rates to such mail , are valid .

In an accompanying Perspective discussing this new tool ( DOI : 10.1371/journal.pmed.0020214 ) , Zvi Bentwich argues that before it is ready for widespread use , several issues still need to be resolved , such as its final cost and its applicability to pediatric patients .
in an accompanying perspective discussing this new tool ( doi : 10.1371/journal.pmed.0020214 ) , zvi bentwich argues that before it is ready for widespread use , several issues still need to be resolved , such as its final cost and its [usefulness] to pediatric patients .

Indeed , the very characteristic that makes the COI gene a candidate for high-throughput DNA barcoding—highly constrained amino acid sequence and thus broad applicability of primers ( Hebert et al .
indeed , the very characteristic that makes the coi gene a candidate for high-throughput dna barcoding—highly constrained amino acid sequence and thus broad [usefulness] of primers ( hebert et al .

This makes the applicability of some surgical RCTs to the wider community less certain than trials of medical therapies .
this makes the [usefulness] of some surgical rcts to the wider community less certain than trials of medical therapies .

We also restrict our focus in this paper to sub-Saharan Africa , where the overwhelming majority of people living with and dying from HIV/AIDS reside ; however , our findings have broader applicability and more general implications in the worldwide fight against HIV/AIDS , which we highlight here .
we also restrict our focus in this paper to sub-saharan africa , where the overwhelming majority of people living with and dying from hiv/aids reside ; however , our findings have broader [usefulness] and more general implications in the worldwide fight against hiv/aids , which we highlight here .

While this may limit its applicability , our method is accurate at CD4 counts below 500 cells/Î¼l , which represent the clinically relevant CD4 levels in resource-poor settings .
while this may limit its [usefulness] , our method is accurate at cd4 counts below 500 cells/î¼l , which represent the clinically relevant cd4 levels in resource-poor settings .

I judged the ease of use and applicability of each system , and since all of them illustrate their points with the lives of famous people , I also gauged how successfully each one explains the process by which Gandhi became Gandhi .
i judged the ease of use and [usefulness] of each system , and since all of them illustrate their points with the lives of famous people , i also gauged how successfully each one explains the process by which gandhi became gandhi .

Applicability : As a method of understanding yourself and others , Sulloway 's theory seems rather limited , except if you 're in charge of hiring for Slobodan Milosevic .
[usefulness] : as a method of understanding yourself and others , sulloway 's theory seems rather limited , except if you 're in charge of hiring for slobodan milosevic .

Applicability : High .
[usefulness] : high .

Applicability : Assessing multiple intelligences probably has most value for schoolchildren or people who feel they have made a wrong career choice .
[usefulness] : assessing multiple intelligences probably has most value for schoolchildren or people who feel they have made a wrong career choice .

Applicability : Scientific questions aside , I 'm an AB ( OK , OK , I am charismatic ) , and I 'm not following any diet that encourages me to eat a lot of snails .
[usefulness] : scientific questions aside , i 'm an ab ( ok , ok , i am charismatic ) , and i 'm not following any diet that encourages me to eat a lot of snails .

Courts in the last 30 years have extended the privilege to corporations and even affirmed its applicability to dead clients .
courts in the last 30 years have extended the privilege to corporations and even affirmed its [usefulness] to dead clients .

It is also useful to have the longish note in response to a query about the universal applicability of i before e except after c .
it is also useful to have the longish note in response to a query about the universal [usefulness] of i before e except after c .

The defining of a concept like ` specific learning disability ' is far more than an intellectual exercise , for the applicability of laws that relate to people with “ an imperfect ability to listen , think , speak , read , write , spell , or to do mathematical calculations ” ( as described in U.S. Federal law P.L .
the defining of a concept like ` specific learning disability ' is far more than an intellectual exercise , for the [usefulness] of laws that relate to people with “ an imperfect ability to listen , think , speak , read , write , spell , or to do mathematical calculations ” ( as described in u.s. federal law p.l .

