# syntax? is applicable -> can be used/can use?

The situation with regard to the Southern Pacific was therefore a special one and not necessarily applicable to other situations in other industries .
the situation with regard to the southern pacific was therefore a special one and not necessarily [usable] to other situations in other industries .

It is high time the United States began to realize that the God-given rights of men set forth in that document are applicable today to Katanga .
it is high time the united states began to realize that the god-given rights of men set forth in that document are [usable] today to katanga .

If you look at a reading meant for someone else , you will probably see that many of the items could be considered as applicable to you , even when you were not in the picture at all ! !
if you look at a reading meant for someone else , you will probably see that many of the items could be considered as [usable] to you , even when you were not in the picture at all ! !

Or , on the other hand , are unlikely facts being stated , facts which are in themselves significant and not easily applicable to everybody ? ?
or , on the other hand , are unlikely facts being stated , facts which are in themselves significant and not easily [usable] to everybody ? ?

The company grew out of efforts by two completely inexperienced men in their late twenties , neither having a formal education applicable to , or experience in , manufacturing or selling our type of articles .
the company grew out of efforts by two completely inexperienced men in their late twenties , neither having a formal education [usable] to , or experience in , manufacturing or selling our type of articles .

A. M. Wergeland called the Adams method literally antihistorical , while Clive Day maintained that the assumptions were not confined to theories alone but were also applicable to straight factual evidence .
a. m. wergeland called the adams method literally antihistorical , while clive day maintained that the assumptions were not confined to theories alone but were also [usable] to straight factual evidence .

the scope and adequacy of State mine-safety laws applicable to such mines and the enforcement of such laws .
the scope and adequacy of state mine-safety laws [usable] to such mines and the enforcement of such laws .

A hydrostatic head correction has been neither necessary nor applicable in the determination of vapor pressures or temperatures for the bulk liquid helium .
a hydrostatic head correction has been neither necessary nor [usable] in the determination of vapor pressures or temperatures for the bulk liquid helium .

The deposit of rupees to the account of the Government of the United States of America in payment for the commodities and for ocean transportation costs financed by the Government of the United States of America ( except excess costs resulting from the requirement that United States flag vessels be used ) shall be made at the rate of exchange for United States dollars generally applicable to import transactions ( excluding imports granted a preferential rate ) in effect on the dates of dollar disbursement by United States banks , or by the Government of the United States of America , as provided in the purchase authorizations .
the deposit of rupees to the account of the government of the united states of america in payment for the commodities and for ocean transportation costs financed by the government of the united states of america ( except excess costs resulting from the requirement that united states flag vessels be used ) shall be made at the rate of exchange for united states dollars generally [usable] to import transactions ( excluding imports granted a preferential rate ) in effect on the dates of dollar disbursement by united states banks , or by the government of the united states of america , as provided in the purchase authorizations .

The gulf between the `` rich '' and the `` poor '' has narrowed , in the industrialized Western world , to the point that the word `` poor '' is hardly applicable .
the gulf between the `` rich '' and the `` poor '' has narrowed , in the industrialized western world , to the point that the word `` poor '' is hardly [usable] .

A unified set of regulations , applicable to all areas , was issued in 1929 , and a complementary series of demographic inquiries in selected areas was instituted at the same time .
a unified set of regulations , [usable] to all areas , was issued in 1929 , and a complementary series of demographic inquiries in selected areas was instituted at the same time .

While there may be several such industries to which the model of this paper is applicable , the authors make particular claim of relevance to the explanation of the course of wages and prices in the steel industry of the United States since World War 2 .
while there may be several such industries to which the model of this paper is [usable] , the authors make particular claim of relevance to the explanation of the course of wages and prices in the steel industry of the united states since world war 2 .

Thus , theory and doctrine applicable among the great nations and the smaller European states did not really comfortably fit less developed and less powerful societies elsewhere .
thus , theory and doctrine [usable] among the great nations and the smaller european states did not really comfortably fit less developed and less powerful societies elsewhere .

Law became a conscious process , something more than simply doing justice and looking to local customs and a common morality for applicable norms .
law became a conscious process , something more than simply doing justice and looking to local customs and a common morality for [usable] norms .

The former proof seems applicable to a statutory merger or consolidation , the latter to a contractual acquisition .
the former proof seems [usable] to a statutory merger or consolidation , the latter to a contractual acquisition .

There may be certain items which are quite similar to a net operating loss carryover or operating deficit and whose right to survive a reorganization should perhaps be subject to the conditions applicable to those items .
there may be certain items which are quite similar to a net operating loss carryover or operating deficit and whose right to survive a reorganization should perhaps be subject to the conditions [usable] to those items .

What Gabriel was asking was that mankind forego all its parochial moral judgments , and contract to let the Angels serve on Earth as it is in Heaven regardless of the applicable Earth laws .
what gabriel was asking was that mankind forego all its parochial moral judgments , and contract to let the angels serve on earth as it is in heaven regardless of the [usable] earth laws .

`` Singing '' as applicable to herself required research .
`` singing '' as [usable] to herself required research .

Today claimed malicious falsehood was n't an applicable action but the country 's number two judge vice chancellor Sir Donald Nicholls this morning said that it was .
today claimed malicious falsehood was n't an [usable] action but the country 's number two judge vice chancellor sir donald nicholls this morning said that it was .

This is because it is of the very nature of the protocol that acts adopted under it should not be applicable to the United Kingdom .
this is because it is of the very nature of the protocol that acts adopted under it should not be [usable] to the united kingdom .

Counsel for the defenders submitted essentially that the Lord Ordinary had erred in law in concluding that the declaration in the application form was part of a contract between the pursuers and the Alliance Building Society to which the provisions of the act applied , rather than concluding that the declaration was non-contractual in character and accordingly not caught by the provisions of the act so far as applicable to Scotland .
counsel for the defenders submitted essentially that the lord ordinary had erred in law in concluding that the declaration in the application form was part of a contract between the pursuers and the alliance building society to which the provisions of the act applied , rather than concluding that the declaration was non-contractual in character and accordingly not caught by the provisions of the act so far as [usable] to scotland .

Section 16 ( 1 ) in the unamended form applicable at the relevant time stated : ‘ Where a term of a contract purports to exclude or restrict liability for breach of duty arising in the course of any business or from the occupation of any premises used for business premises of the occupier that term … ( b ) shall … have no effect if it was not fair and reasonable to incorporate the term in the contract .
section 16 ( 1 ) in the unamended form [usable] at the relevant time stated : ‘ where a term of a contract purports to exclude or restrict liability for breach of duty arising in the course of any business or from the occupation of any premises used for business premises of the occupier that term … ( b ) shall … have no effect if it was not fair and reasonable to incorporate the term in the contract .

The company would have a national insurance charge to pay based on the car scale charge ( and fuel scale charge if applicable ) .
the company would have a national insurance charge to pay based on the car scale charge ( and fuel scale charge if [usable] ) .

These methods were developed to aid the physical mapping of the fission yeast S.pombe ( 1 , 10 ) but are applicable to other hybridisation data .
these methods were developed to aid the physical mapping of the fission yeast s.pombe ( 1 , 10 ) but are [usable] to other hybridisation data .

The least distant neighbour version ( costig ) was more applicable to ordering the cosmid library under the scheme of sampling without replacement and has a menu-driven interface allowing , among other options , the output of any single contig specified by a probe belonging to it .
the least distant neighbour version ( costig ) was more [usable] to ordering the cosmid library under the scheme of sampling without replacement and has a menu-driven interface allowing , among other options , the output of any single contig specified by a probe belonging to it .

Regrettably , the same speech would no longer be applicable to Edinburgh today .
regrettably , the same speech would no longer be [usable] to edinburgh today .

Please complete as applicable and return to : —
please complete as [usable] and return to : —

Mr Dumigan also explained why a relaxation order of the legal requirements was applicable at the Comber shop .
mr dumigan also explained why a relaxation order of the legal requirements was [usable] at the comber shop .

To return to your educational interests , what sort of changes would you like to see in education to make it more applicable , perhaps , to twentieth century women ?
to return to your educational interests , what sort of changes would you like to see in education to make it more [usable] , perhaps , to twentieth century women ?

It was contended that purchasers looking for a good-quality carpet would go to a conventional carpet shop and not to a carpet superstore which they considered was more applicable to the lower end of the market .
it was contended that purchasers looking for a good-quality carpet would go to a conventional carpet shop and not to a carpet superstore which they considered was more [usable] to the lower end of the market .

The system is much used for radio-frequency investigations but in principle is applicable at audio frequencies too .
the system is much used for radio-frequency investigations but in principle is [usable] at audio frequencies too .

This lets the upper arm swing out and twist ; but it is only applicable to sprawlers .
this lets the upper arm swing out and twist ; but it is only [usable] to sprawlers .

It is universally applicable and it ‘ is to violence , and therefore , to all tyranny , all injustice , what light is to darkness ’ .
it is universally [usable] and it ‘ is to violence , and therefore , to all tyranny , all injustice , what light is to darkness ’ .

Manufacturer visits are ( a ) brill ( b ) hell — delete where applicable .
manufacturer visits are ( a ) brill ( b ) hell — delete where [usable] .

The interface was applicable not only to robot arms but to buggies and those interested in making ‘ high-tech ’ versions of Victorian ‘ automata ’ or animated models .
the interface was [usable] not only to robot arms but to buggies and those interested in making ‘ high-tech ’ versions of victorian ‘ automata ’ or animated models .

This is especially applicable for those that are not yet ready to drink and therefore need to be laid down for a year or more .
this is especially [usable] for those that are not yet ready to drink and therefore need to be laid down for a year or more .

Little Leven was once known as Lleven , a name meaning ‘ smooth ’ or ‘ level ’ a description reasonably applicable to this area .
little leven was once known as lleven , a name meaning ‘ smooth ’ or ‘ level ’ a description reasonably [usable] to this area .

What follows is general advice applicable to either group on finding information about job and training opportunities , and on responding to local recruitment drives .
what follows is general advice [usable] to either group on finding information about job and training opportunities , and on responding to local recruitment drives .

The special stressors applicable to returning nurses and health visitors could include :
the special stressors [usable] to returning nurses and health visitors could include :

It should be noted that although the system described often refers to the particular data for on-line cursive script recognition , the techniques used are equally applicable to other forms of recognition .
it should be noted that although the system described often refers to the particular data for on-line cursive script recognition , the techniques used are equally [usable] to other forms of recognition .

Initial experiments have suggested that most traditional methods would not be immediately applicable , because of the nature of the original data from the pattern recogniser .
initial experiments have suggested that most traditional methods would not be immediately [usable] , because of the nature of the original data from the pattern recogniser .

It is uncertain whether they are directly applicable to our system , where the majority of errors are specific to the pattern recogniser .
it is uncertain whether they are directly [usable] to our system , where the majority of errors are specific to the pattern recogniser .

The methods described and implemented are not only applicable to on-line cursive script recognition .
the methods described and implemented are not only [usable] to on-line cursive script recognition .

The techniques are more generally applicable to all areas of text recognition .
the techniques are more generally [usable] to all areas of text recognition .

The following ideas are more immediately applicable to the current system .
the following ideas are more immediately [usable] to the current system .

In fact , the 1907 Hague Conventions were not formally applicable to that conflict , because several of the belligerents were not party to them , and under the so-called ‘ general participation clause ’ the Hague Conventions could not therefore apply even between those who were parties .
in fact , the 1907 hague conventions were not formally [usable] to that conflict , because several of the belligerents were not party to them , and under the so-called ‘ general participation clause ’ the hague conventions could not therefore apply even between those who were parties .

On the contrary , the conventions have usually consisted of an attempt to formalise , under popular and humanitarian pressure , rules that must be considered as generally applicable .
on the contrary , the conventions have usually consisted of an attempt to formalise , under popular and humanitarian pressure , rules that must be considered as generally [usable] .

The period of development of the laws of war up to 1914 saw the establishment of two basic principles which continue to be applicable and are relevant to nuclear weapons .
the period of development of the laws of war up to 1914 saw the establishment of two basic principles which continue to be [usable] and are relevant to nuclear weapons .

Just as it was possible to try the major war criminals after 1945 on the basis of generally accepted principles ( to which the Hague and Geneva codes contributed ) , so the 1977 Protocols must be taken as the clearest formulation of the laws presently applicable to armed conflict , including the use of nuclear weapons .
just as it was possible to try the major war criminals after 1945 on the basis of generally accepted principles ( to which the hague and geneva codes contributed ) , so the 1977 protocols must be taken as the clearest formulation of the laws presently [usable] to armed conflict , including the use of nuclear weapons .

He did accept that the effects of radiation and fall-out could make applicable the rules against poisoned weapons , gases and analogous materials .
he did accept that the effects of radiation and fall-out could make [usable] the rules against poisoned weapons , gases and analogous materials .

It does not seem to us to be particularly fruitful to discuss highly generalised theories of whether international law is or could be ‘ law ’ as such : if viewed from the perspective of ‘ effectiveness ’ , international law may have to be judged differently , depending on whether , for example , the focus is on regional economic relations regulated by treaties , or on customary law applicable to the laws of war on a universal scale .
it does not seem to us to be particularly fruitful to discuss highly generalised theories of whether international law is or could be ‘ law ’ as such : if viewed from the perspective of ‘ effectiveness ’ , international law may have to be judged differently , depending on whether , for example , the focus is on regional economic relations regulated by treaties , or on customary law [usable] to the laws of war on a universal scale .

Even more seriously , the same criticism is applicable also in respect of Dworkin 's treatment of the public law sphere of decision-making and dispute-settlement processes .
even more seriously , the same criticism is [usable] also in respect of dworkin 's treatment of the public law sphere of decision-making and dispute-settlement processes .

This was certainly not the case in respect of the Geneva Conventions Act where the offences were newly created solely to give effect to the Convention , and were described as being hardly applicable to the case at all .
this was certainly not the case in respect of the geneva conventions act where the offences were newly created solely to give effect to the convention , and were described as being hardly [usable] to the case at all .

If the Standing Orders for Private Bills are applicable , they must be complied with unless the Standing Orders Committee of the House grants a dispensation .
if the standing orders for private bills are [usable] , they must be complied with unless the standing orders committee of the house grants a dispensation .

‘ Regulations ’ are directly applicable within each member state without more ado ; ‘ directives ’ require member states to attain specified ends but leave the means of attainment to the individual member state .
‘ regulations ’ are directly [usable] within each member state without more ado ; ‘ directives ’ require member states to attain specified ends but leave the means of attainment to the individual member state .

There is , here , an obvious possibility of conflict between laws passed by the Community as applicable within the territory of a member state and the laws of that member state itself .
there is , here , an obvious possibility of conflict between laws passed by the community as [usable] within the territory of a member state and the laws of that member state itself .

Non-essential traffic would be diverted to ‘ district ’ and ‘ primary distributors ’ ( Figure 3.1 ) The ‘ environmental area ’ concept was seen as applicable throughout the city , producing an interlacing framework of distributing roads embracing cells of quieter activity .
non-essential traffic would be diverted to ‘ district ’ and ‘ primary distributors ’ ( figure 3.1 ) the ‘ environmental area ’ concept was seen as [usable] throughout the city , producing an interlacing framework of distributing roads embracing cells of quieter activity .

’ Existing residential areas The same principles that govern the design of new streets are equally applicable .
’ existing residential areas the same principles that govern the design of new streets are equally [usable] .

Moreover , they are suitable only for residential roads where the traffic flow is light ( a peak flow of under 250v/hr in both directions ) and are not therefore applicable to larger city districts which would normally contain a hierarchy of road types .
moreover , they are suitable only for residential roads where the traffic flow is light ( a peak flow of under 250v/hr in both directions ) and are not therefore [usable] to larger city districts which would normally contain a hierarchy of road types .

The research programme was thus to have a broad base to provide broadly applicable results .
the research programme was thus to have a broad base to provide broadly [usable] results .

When you have found a suitable place , ensure that you understand the terms involved and , if applicable , what commitment of time , money , display screens or whatever , you will have to provide .
when you have found a suitable place , ensure that you understand the terms involved and , if [usable] , what commitment of time , money , display screens or whatever , you will have to provide .

Where applicable , the incorporation of offender treatment and court intervention services has also been encouraged ( Forseth and Brown , 1981 ; Woodcraft , 1988 ) .
where [usable] , the incorporation of offender treatment and court intervention services has also been encouraged ( forseth and brown , 1981 ; woodcraft , 1988 ) .

Also deduction of the Fund 's initial charge ( where applicable ) means that if an investor withdraws from his investment in the short term he may not get back the amount he originally invested .
also deduction of the fund 's initial charge ( where [usable] ) means that if an investor withdraws from his investment in the short term he may not get back the amount he originally invested .

The term itself was coined in the 1930s and arose originally from studies of schizophrenia , though it has since proved equally ( if not more ) applicable to psychotics with other diagnoses , notably mania .
the term itself was coined in the 1930s and arose originally from studies of schizophrenia , though it has since proved equally ( if not more ) [usable] to psychotics with other diagnoses , notably mania .

Earth-science techniques applicable to archaeology have been successfully publicised during the year .
earth-science techniques [usable] to archaeology have been successfully publicised during the year .

As a contribution to the development of sources of geothermal energy , an attempt is being made to establish credible gas geothermometry for the East African Rift , for conventional models do not appear to be applicable .
as a contribution to the development of sources of geothermal energy , an attempt is being made to establish credible gas geothermometry for the east african rift , for conventional models do not appear to be [usable] .

This cycle is developed in Table 6.1 in a form applicable for understanding the circumstances of an elder .
this cycle is developed in table 6.1 in a form [usable] for understanding the circumstances of an elder .

Possibly this is a more extensive version of the system applicable to the Sancton-Baston pottery , reflecting branches of a much larger family or clan , spread over eastern England .
possibly this is a more extensive version of the system [usable] to the sancton-baston pottery , reflecting branches of a much larger family or clan , spread over eastern england .

Through human rights education , basic human rights can come to be considered universally applicable and will , as a matter of course , be universally respected .
through human rights education , basic human rights can come to be considered universally [usable] and will , as a matter of course , be universally respected .

Some of the culture-based arguments clearly have political ingredients , but one strictly political argument , or rather political-system argument , is equally applicable to any new political movement ( whether left , right or centrist ) seeking long-term viability — that the British first-past-the-post electoral system has features that make it extremely difficult for a new party to ‘ break through ’ .
some of the culture-based arguments clearly have political ingredients , but one strictly political argument , or rather political-system argument , is equally [usable] to any new political movement ( whether left , right or centrist ) seeking long-term viability — that the british first-past-the-post electoral system has features that make it extremely difficult for a new party to ‘ break through ’ .

This exclusion is generally held to be applicable when a criminal prosecution is in prospect .
this exclusion is generally held to be [usable] when a criminal prosecution is in prospect .

where loss , misdelivery or damage , however sustained , is in respect of the whole of the Consignment , to a sum calculated at the rate of £800 per tonne on either the gross weight of the Consignment or , where applicable , the tonnage computed in accordance with Condition 8(2) ( a ) or ( b ) hereof :
where loss , misdelivery or damage , however sustained , is in respect of the whole of the consignment , to a sum calculated at the rate of £800 per tonne on either the gross weight of the consignment or , where [usable] , the tonnage computed in accordance with condition 8(2) ( a ) or ( b ) hereof :

The main points of this mode are then displayed by Mr Frye in ways immediately applicable to The Lord of the Rings .
the main points of this mode are then displayed by mr frye in ways immediately [usable] to the lord of the rings .

Beer in process : at production cost , including raw materials , duties where applicable , direct labour and expenses plus the appropriate proportion of overhead expenses .
beer in process : at production cost , including raw materials , duties where [usable] , direct labour and expenses plus the appropriate proportion of overhead expenses .

Create a file containing the application form , bank references , status reports and any other applicable notes or documents .
create a file containing the application form , bank references , status reports and any other [usable] notes or documents .

If the published rates were basically those applicable to the Home Counties and tended to decline proportionately to the distance from the metropolis , many labourers and servants in the provinces may not have earned enough to be assessed .
if the published rates were basically those [usable] to the home counties and tended to decline proportionately to the distance from the metropolis , many labourers and servants in the provinces may not have earned enough to be assessed .

an acre — which was near enough the going rate for rent — it can not be employed as a general conversion factor , for while it may be applicable to a county or other major division , the ratios for individual parishes and hamlets are subject to extreme variations .
an acre — which was near enough the going rate for rent — it can not be employed as a general conversion factor , for while it may be [usable] to a county or other major division , the ratios for individual parishes and hamlets are subject to extreme variations .

As early as the 1966 essay ‘ Structure , Sign , and Play ’ , for example , he maintains that his analysis of the paradoxical metaphysics of ‘ the centre ’ is equally applicable to the historical notions of ‘ origin ' and ‘ end ’ .
as early as the 1966 essay ‘ structure , sign , and play ’ , for example , he maintains that his analysis of the paradoxical metaphysics of ‘ the centre ’ is equally [usable] to the historical notions of ‘ origin ' and ‘ end ’ .

Rather he points to the theoretical paradox involved , namely that the human sciences ' very emphasis on historicity as a mode of being was equally applicable to themselves as forms of knowledge , and inevitably destroyed any attempt to formulate universal laws comparable to those of the natural sciences .
rather he points to the theoretical paradox involved , namely that the human sciences ' very emphasis on historicity as a mode of being was equally [usable] to themselves as forms of knowledge , and inevitably destroyed any attempt to formulate universal laws comparable to those of the natural sciences .

However , it is more helpful to consider it in the context of Canguilhem , who emphasized that the life sciences , like the natural sciences , require their own specific mode of history ; they show that historical method itself must be heterogeneous , in the sense that there is no single method applicable to the whole range of different histories .
however , it is more helpful to consider it in the context of canguilhem , who emphasized that the life sciences , like the natural sciences , require their own specific mode of history ; they show that historical method itself must be heterogeneous , in the sense that there is no single method [usable] to the whole range of different histories .

As the statutory duties of medical superintendent included some of those applicable to the master of an institution , he was expected to have had administrative experience .
as the statutory duties of medical superintendent included some of those [usable] to the master of an institution , he was expected to have had administrative experience .

It does , and Nicole Celestin 's booklet ( 1986 ) shows how it can and should be applicable .
it does , and nicole celestin 's booklet ( 1986 ) shows how it can and should be [usable] .

So much then for what may be regarded as general principles , applicable to all .
so much then for what may be regarded as general principles , [usable] to all .

The key benefits applicable to most pension schemes include :
the key benefits [usable] to most pension schemes include :

There is a certain amount you are allowed to retain before income tax becomes applicable .
there is a certain amount you are allowed to retain before income tax becomes [usable] .

However , if Marx 's theory is to be universally applicable , it must be built around practices which are common to all societies .
however , if marx 's theory is to be universally [usable] , it must be built around practices which are common to all societies .

The result , however , is not a ‘ theory of the state ’ , an account of such generality as to be applicable to all societies at all times .
the result , however , is not a ‘ theory of the state ’ , an account of such generality as to be [usable] to all societies at all times .

For instead of aiming to divide the available explananda between two types of explanation , allocating some to holism and others to individualism , the extent to which either is applicable can be seen as relative to our interest in understanding the social scene .
for instead of aiming to divide the available explananda between two types of explanation , allocating some to holism and others to individualism , the extent to which either is [usable] can be seen as relative to our interest in understanding the social scene .

5 Determining rewards — and punishers where applicable ( 10 minutes ) .
5 determining rewards — and punishers where [usable] ( 10 minutes ) .

Unlike , say , Popper 's critical rationalism , which aims to produce the best knowledge at any one time , objective from a multitude of perspectives , applicable in many contexts , relationism claims a much more transitory understanding .
unlike , say , popper 's critical rationalism , which aims to produce the best knowledge at any one time , objective from a multitude of perspectives , [usable] in many contexts , relationism claims a much more transitory understanding .

The histories of science and social science demonstrate that empiricism is not so easily applicable to the latter as to the former .
the histories of science and social science demonstrate that empiricism is not so easily [usable] to the latter as to the former .

Althusser puts the claim that overdetermination is universal , and not merely applicable to aberrant historical situations , with ironic grandeur :
althusser puts the claim that overdetermination is universal , and not merely [usable] to aberrant historical situations , with ironic grandeur :

It occurs when a writer applies a name or a descriptive term to an object to which it is not literally applicable ; when a word is carried over from its normal use to a new use .
it occurs when a writer applies a name or a descriptive term to an object to which it is not literally [usable] ; when a word is carried over from its normal use to a new use .

Whatever the answers to the previous questions , are they equally applicable to every level of linguistic analysis ?
whatever the answers to the previous questions , are they equally [usable] to every level of linguistic analysis ?

‘ Another person ’ means other than the driver , therefore where only the driver is injured this section is not applicable .
‘ another person ’ means other than the driver , therefore where only the driver is injured this section is not [usable] .

The fact that he did not stop can be explained or whichever part of this point is applicable .
the fact that he did not stop can be explained or whichever part of this point is [usable] .

during the hours of darkness without contravention of a statutory provision relating to obligatory lamps ( or reflectors ) and applicable to that vehicle , namely …
during the hours of darkness without contravention of a statutory provision relating to obligatory lamps ( or reflectors ) and [usable] to that vehicle , namely …

‘ during the hours of darkness without contravention of a statutory provision relating to obligatory lamps ( or reflectors ) and applicable to that vehicle , namely … ’ ‘ Hours of darkness ’ means the time between half-an-hour after sunset and half-an-hour before sunrise .
‘ during the hours of darkness without contravention of a statutory provision relating to obligatory lamps ( or reflectors ) and [usable] to that vehicle , namely … ’ ‘ hours of darkness ’ means the time between half-an-hour after sunset and half-an-hour before sunrise .

‘ during the hours of darkness without contravention of a statutory provision relating to obligatory lamps ( or reflectors ) and applicable to that vehicle , namely … ‘ As this offence can be committed at any time the fact that it was dark at the time could be shown to assist the court in deciding on punishment .
‘ during the hours of darkness without contravention of a statutory provision relating to obligatory lamps ( or reflectors ) and [usable] to that vehicle , namely … ‘ as this offence can be committed at any time the fact that it was dark at the time could be shown to assist the court in deciding on punishment .

For this reason one might expect there to be no large change in surface energy between liquid and solid glass so that surface tension and therefore surface energy , measured quite easily on molten glass , ought to be approximately applicable to the same glass when hardened .
for this reason one might expect there to be no large change in surface energy between liquid and solid glass so that surface tension and therefore surface energy , measured quite easily on molten glass , ought to be approximately [usable] to the same glass when hardened .

Spontaneous combustion in a yellow shirt is one of the kinder expressions applicable to England striker Wright 's appalling bickering and back-chat at The Dell .
spontaneous combustion in a yellow shirt is one of the kinder expressions [usable] to england striker wright 's appalling bickering and back-chat at the dell .

Providence Capitol ( ) is liable to tax on income within the fund at the rate applicable to a life assurance company , so the fund builds up net of basic rate income tax . 68
providence capitol ( ) is liable to tax on income within the fund at the rate [usable] to a life assurance company , so the fund builds up net of basic rate income tax . 68

‘ Applicable accounting standards have been followed , ’ the report continues .
‘ [usable] accounting standards have been followed , ’ the report continues .

The same line of reasoning was applicable to the admissibility of evidence relating to previous agreements .
the same line of reasoning was [usable] to the admissibility of evidence relating to previous agreements .

On that topic , it is interesting to note that the 1992 regulations require societies to state in their accounts whether they have been prepared in accordance with applicable accounting standards .
on that topic , it is interesting to note that the 1992 regulations require societies to state in their accounts whether they have been prepared in accordance with [usable] accounting standards .

However , the Accounting Standards Board technically has no legal standing with building societies , so which standards are ‘ applicable ’ ?
however , the accounting standards board technically has no legal standing with building societies , so which standards are ‘ [usable] ’ ?

Corresponding amounts for preceding years should be restated where applicable .
corresponding amounts for preceding years should be restated where [usable] .

He suggests that there are similarities between the experiences in these contexts and indeed that arguments of this type are potentially applicable wherever there is a rule-governed activity .
he suggests that there are similarities between the experiences in these contexts and indeed that arguments of this type are potentially [usable] wherever there is a rule-governed activity .

He who knows does not speak ’ is the ancient Indian aphorism that is applicable to any image lacking a mouth .
he who knows does not speak ’ is the ancient indian aphorism that is [usable] to any image lacking a mouth .

The energy will flow from one object to another if a sympathy or attractability exists between them . The density of the energy varies in inverse proportions to the distance , which sets it apart from electro-magnetic or gravitational laws , but for which a theory of potentials is applicable ,
the energy will flow from one object to another if a sympathy or attractability exists between them . the density of the energy varies in inverse proportions to the distance , which sets it apart from electro-magnetic or gravitational laws , but for which a theory of potentials is [usable] ,

The axiom ‘ All random events are counter-reversible and become ordered patterns ’ is contingent on Mind as the prime activator in the process , and is equally applicable to certain so-called ‘ paranormal , or ‘ trans-personal ’ mental functioning .
the axiom ‘ all random events are counter-reversible and become ordered patterns ’ is contingent on mind as the prime activator in the process , and is equally [usable] to certain so-called ‘ paranormal , or ‘ trans-personal ’ mental functioning .

The long-standing belief that this was applicable to all systems in Nature first had holes shot into it in recent years by Ilya Prigogine , the Belgian bio-chemist who received a Nobel Prize in 1977 for his expert marksmanship .
the long-standing belief that this was [usable] to all systems in nature first had holes shot into it in recent years by ilya prigogine , the belgian bio-chemist who received a nobel prize in 1977 for his expert marksmanship .

‘ Acute states of existential frustration — evanescence of any meaning to one 's existence … In concentration camps the age-old adage primum vivere deinde philosophare was no longer applicable . In these extreme situations the ultimate question was to find a meaning in life and to account for the meaning of death … What really mattered was primum philosophare deinde mori … The question which beset me was , ‘ Has all this suffering , this dying around us , a meaning ? ’ For if not then ultimately there is no meaning to survival ; for a life whose meaning stands and falls on whether one escapes or not … ultimately would not be worth living at all ’
‘ acute states of existential frustration — evanescence of any meaning to one 's existence … in concentration camps the age-old adage primum vivere deinde philosophare was no longer [usable] . in these extreme situations the ultimate question was to find a meaning in life and to account for the meaning of death … what really mattered was primum philosophare deinde mori … the question which beset me was , ‘ has all this suffering , this dying around us , a meaning ? ’ for if not then ultimately there is no meaning to survival ; for a life whose meaning stands and falls on whether one escapes or not … ultimately would not be worth living at all ’

In 1873 , after a case of murder in which the victim was a Rodi , the Assistant Government Agent at Nuvara Eliya commented that ‘ the victim was of the lowest caste , to which they [ the Sinhalese ] clearly believe that the principles of natural justice and law are not applicable .
in 1873 , after a case of murder in which the victim was a rodi , the assistant government agent at nuvara eliya commented that ‘ the victim was of the lowest caste , to which they [ the sinhalese ] clearly believe that the principles of natural justice and law are not [usable] .

Later still he may train himself to eradicate the desire or aversion itself , releasing himself from one causally necessary condition of facing facts , so that the formula is no longer directly applicable ; but that will be in the service of other ends , and unless he can discover some new way of validating them these too will be spontaneous goals selected from the rest by thinking within the frame of the same formula .
later still he may train himself to eradicate the desire or aversion itself , releasing himself from one causally necessary condition of facing facts , so that the formula is no longer directly [usable] ; but that will be in the service of other ends , and unless he can discover some new way of validating them these too will be spontaneous goals selected from the rest by thinking within the frame of the same formula .

The ‘ fact ’ of the first premiss covers all and no more than the facts awareness of which would modify spontaneous reactions to the issue in question ; ‘ Face facts ’ will be applicable to the issue only within the scope of this information .
the ‘ fact ’ of the first premiss covers all and no more than the facts awareness of which would modify spontaneous reactions to the issue in question ; ‘ face facts ’ will be [usable] to the issue only within the scope of this information .

For rectification to be applicable , there needed to be some prior agreement between the parties , the agreement still needed to be effective when the instrument ( ie the s 54 agreement ) was effected , and the instrument should have failed because of a mistake .
for rectification to be [usable] , there needed to be some prior agreement between the parties , the agreement still needed to be effective when the instrument ( ie the s 54 agreement ) was effected , and the instrument should have failed because of a mistake .

The Bible was true , eternal , and everlasting , but for clear advice , directly applicable to the hurry and fever of modern life , he was indebted to Michelet , who said aloud what the Gospel only whispered .
the bible was true , eternal , and everlasting , but for clear advice , directly [usable] to the hurry and fever of modern life , he was indebted to michelet , who said aloud what the gospel only whispered .

An election under para 21 ( 2 ) was not applicable in the latter case , since the work-in-progress within the meaning of that provision was not identical before and after the partnership dissolution .
an election under para 21 ( 2 ) was not [usable] in the latter case , since the work-in-progress within the meaning of that provision was not identical before and after the partnership dissolution .

That may be so , but it does not prevent people in our field from continually falling into the error of supposing that a solution designed to match one problem must be applicable to quite a different problem as well .
that may be so , but it does not prevent people in our field from continually falling into the error of supposing that a solution designed to match one problem must be [usable] to quite a different problem as well .

The definition of teaching as a pragmatic process of continuous evaluation , as proposed in the previous chapter , does not , of course , apply only to the teaching of languages but is in principle applicable to the teaching of all subjects on the curriculum .
the definition of teaching as a pragmatic process of continuous evaluation , as proposed in the previous chapter , does not , of course , apply only to the teaching of languages but is in principle [usable] to the teaching of all subjects on the curriculum .

So grammar simply formalizes the most widely applicable concepts , the highest common factors of experience : it provides for communicative economy .
so grammar simply formalizes the most widely [usable] concepts , the highest common factors of experience : it provides for communicative economy .

An explicit statement saying that applicable standards have been adhered to , or the reasons for departures , must also be included .
an explicit statement saying that [usable] standards have been adhered to , or the reasons for departures , must also be included .

The practice note has not been developed to cover recognised professional bodies specifically , although much will be applicable to an audit of one of their members which conducts investment business .
the practice note has not been developed to cover recognised professional bodies specifically , although much will be [usable] to an audit of one of their members which conducts investment business .

We can estimate when equation ( 1 ) will be applicable when crystals are growing in the boundary layer by an approximate analysis of local conditions .
we can estimate when equation ( 1 ) will be [usable] when crystals are growing in the boundary layer by an approximate analysis of local conditions .

Yet one of the striking characteristics of Shakespeare 's Sonnets is that they exist on an almost universal level ; they are generalized ( with none of the depersonalization that usually goes with generalization ) ; they are widely , perhaps indefinitely applicable .
yet one of the striking characteristics of shakespeare 's sonnets is that they exist on an almost universal level ; they are generalized ( with none of the depersonalization that usually goes with generalization ) ; they are widely , perhaps indefinitely [usable] .

It is particularly applicable where buying can be assessed in the light of the demographic characteristics of shoppers .
it is particularly [usable] where buying can be assessed in the light of the demographic characteristics of shoppers .

The ‘ slacker ’ tag , that 's currently slung at anything American with long hair and a dopey demeanour , seems particularly applicable to him .
the ‘ slacker ’ tag , that 's currently slung at anything american with long hair and a dopey demeanour , seems particularly [usable] to him .

There were no Civil Service retirement regulations applicable to Basil .
there were no civil service retirement regulations [usable] to basil .

Devising a system that is applicable to Ben Nevis style ice routes and Cairngorm mixed routes is difficult , but this is one of the advantages of the proposed two-tier grade .
devising a system that is [usable] to ben nevis style ice routes and cairngorm mixed routes is difficult , but this is one of the advantages of the proposed two-tier grade .

Given alongside the designation is the Japanese ‘ Popular Name ’ ( if applicable ) and an approximate translation into English .
given alongside the designation is the japanese ‘ popular name ’ ( if [usable] ) and an approximate translation into english .

Below this comes a brief description of the type 's role and its ‘ parentage ’ ( ie Imperial Army or Navy ) and its Allied Code Name ( again , if applicable ) .
below this comes a brief description of the type 's role and its ‘ parentage ’ ( ie imperial army or navy ) and its allied code name ( again , if [usable] ) .

We discovered last month that one of the major challenges of keeping a marine aquarium is choosing fish which will live in harmony together and , where applicable those which will be compatible with the invertebrates sharing their aquarium .
we discovered last month that one of the major challenges of keeping a marine aquarium is choosing fish which will live in harmony together and , where [usable] those which will be compatible with the invertebrates sharing their aquarium .

The best step to take for anyone contemplating designing a Japanese-style garden is to visit established examples and decide which elements are applicable on his own patch .
the best step to take for anyone contemplating designing a japanese-style garden is to visit established examples and decide which elements are [usable] on his own patch .

Deaf children are no longer so unfortunate ; technology and better methods make research findings of even recent years no longer applicable .
deaf children are no longer so unfortunate ; technology and better methods make research findings of even recent years no longer [usable] .

In the context of systems design , task analysis has become the generic term applicable to the field study of human performance .
in the context of systems design , task analysis has become the generic term [usable] to the field study of human performance .

The accountants are ahead of the psychologists in developing ideas such as profit centres applicable to small groups or even to individuals .
the accountants are ahead of the psychologists in developing ideas such as profit centres [usable] to small groups or even to individuals .

He suggests that the systems model is applicable to the study of comparative industrial relations since , although every county displays special or particularistic industrial relations characteristics because of differences in the environmental settings in which they operate , ‘ the attention to rule-making in industrial relations systems provides a common denominator for the comparative analysis of different forms ’ ( p. 27 ) .
he suggests that the systems model is [usable] to the study of comparative industrial relations since , although every county displays special or particularistic industrial relations characteristics because of differences in the environmental settings in which they operate , ‘ the attention to rule-making in industrial relations systems provides a common denominator for the comparative analysis of different forms ’ ( p. 27 ) .

Similar considerations were also applicable in some continental European countries .
similar considerations were also [usable] in some continental european countries .

This is , however , a somewhat doubtful proposition since not only is it not entirely applicable to the Nordic countries without qualification ( nor nowadays within manufacturing industry in Britain ) , but significant differences also exist even within continental countries , especially as between France and Germany .
this is , however , a somewhat doubtful proposition since not only is it not entirely [usable] to the nordic countries without qualification ( nor nowadays within manufacturing industry in britain ) , but significant differences also exist even within continental countries , especially as between france and germany .

By the way it is expressed it becomes a word from God to them , at their level of understanding , indigenous and applicable to their times and struggles .
by the way it is expressed it becomes a word from god to them , at their level of understanding , indigenous and [usable] to their times and struggles .

Our purpose in this chapter is not to offer a blueprint , but to outline basic requirements which are applicable to almost any evangelistic programme .
our purpose in this chapter is not to offer a blueprint , but to outline basic requirements which are [usable] to almost any evangelistic programme .

If these enhancements and/or modifications are recognized to be universally applicable , will carry out the necessary work and will bear the cost of this .
if these enhancements and/or modifications are recognized to be universally [usable] , will carry out the necessary work and will bear the cost of this .

23.2 Should no settlement of disputes or differences be achieved by negotiation , the Parties shall submit their dispute or difference to an arbitration tribunal before bringing this dispute before a court of law , provided that arbitration is not contrary to the imperative law of the country whose law is applicable .
23.2 should no settlement of disputes or differences be achieved by negotiation , the parties shall submit their dispute or difference to an arbitration tribunal before bringing this dispute before a court of law , provided that arbitration is not contrary to the imperative law of the country whose law is [usable] .

Net receipts is in all cases defined as the invoiced value of sales of the Work , less any credit notes applicable .
net receipts is in all cases defined as the invoiced value of sales of the work , less any credit notes [usable] .

1.4 ‘ Net Invoice Price ’ means the price charged by for the Licensed Products to customers and distributors , less the following deductions where they are factually applicable :
1.4 ‘ net invoice price ’ means the price charged by for the licensed products to customers and distributors , less the following deductions where they are factually [usable] :

3.13 shall be responsible for compliance with all applicable legal requirements and Export Control Regulations applicable to 's distribution of the Licensed Products and shall indemnify against any breach of such Regulations .
3.13 shall be responsible for compliance with all [usable] legal requirements and export control regulations [usable] to 's distribution of the licensed products and shall indemnify against any breach of such regulations .

8.8 If any sub-clause of this clause 8 is held to be invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law then it should be deemed to be omitted and if as a result either party becomes liable for loss or damage which would otherwise have been excluded then such liability shall be subject to the remaining sub-clauses of this clause 8 .
8.8 if any sub-clause of this clause 8 is held to be invalid or unenforceable under any [usable] statute or rule of law then it should be deemed to be omitted and if as a result either party becomes liable for loss or damage which would otherwise have been excluded then such liability shall be subject to the remaining sub-clauses of this clause 8 .

4.8 Applicable Law
4.8 [usable] law

4.8 Applicable Law This Agreement shall be governed by English Law .
4.8 [usable] law this agreement shall be governed by english law .

This bargaining process is likely to take place in secluded agencies where the state and societal elites can work out deals , sheltered from any formalized and universally applicable legislation which might make bargains too difficult to achieve .
this bargaining process is likely to take place in secluded agencies where the state and societal elites can work out deals , sheltered from any formalized and universally [usable] legislation which might make bargains too difficult to achieve .

Even when we are balancing one consideration against another in a quite particular case , to decide which of two conflicting prima facie obligations is the more stringent , we are trying to reach such an intuition , but the wealth of detail which determines the relative degrees of stringency in this case will make it inexpressible in a formula mechanically applicable to other cases .
even when we are balancing one consideration against another in a quite particular case , to decide which of two conflicting prima facie obligations is the more stringent , we are trying to reach such an intuition , but the wealth of detail which determines the relative degrees of stringency in this case will make it inexpressible in a formula mechanically [usable] to other cases .

The scope of their action is fixed by universally applicable criteria .
the scope of their action is fixed by universally [usable] criteria .

The approaches to the education of children with special needs , culminating in the 1981 Education Act , are equally applicable to pupils with defective vision , some of whom will be included among those pupils who are defined as having learning disabilities significantly greater than the majority of their peers , or as having some disability which would prevent them from having their needs fully met without special educational adaptations or modification to their curriculum .
the approaches to the education of children with special needs , culminating in the 1981 education act , are equally [usable] to pupils with defective vision , some of whom will be included among those pupils who are defined as having learning disabilities significantly greater than the majority of their peers , or as having some disability which would prevent them from having their needs fully met without special educational adaptations or modification to their curriculum .

Whilst vision screening for the school population as a whole is essential in order to identify pupils with sight defects so that they can have appropriate treatment and correction when this is applicable , there are implications for educators too , arising from the procedures used to identify children with visual handicap .
whilst vision screening for the school population as a whole is essential in order to identify pupils with sight defects so that they can have appropriate treatment and correction when this is [usable] , there are implications for educators too , arising from the procedures used to identify children with visual handicap .

Those giving papers were asked to emphasize humans as meaning-makers , rather than humans as biological primates , and to elucidate from their own ethnographic experience the indigenous meanings of concepts relevant for an understanding of human interpersonal and , wherever applicable , intersocietal relations .
those giving papers were asked to emphasize humans as meaning-makers , rather than humans as biological primates , and to elucidate from their own ethnographic experience the indigenous meanings of concepts relevant for an understanding of human interpersonal and , wherever [usable] , intersocietal relations .

In this volume , he argues against ‘ essentialism ’ , by which he means the application of a cross-culturally applicable definition based on some ‘ essence ’ of aggression which then can be ‘ employed to ‘ read off ’ the nature of acts ’ .
in this volume , he argues against ‘ essentialism ’ , by which he means the application of a cross-culturally [usable] definition based on some ‘ essence ’ of aggression which then can be ‘ employed to ‘ read off ’ the nature of acts ’ .

Reference to institutionalized genres , such as ‘ religious texts ’ and ‘ newspaper editorial ’ , is made wherever applicable throughout this book .
reference to institutionalized genres , such as ‘ religious texts ’ and ‘ newspaper editorial ’ , is made wherever [usable] throughout this book .

The topic of cohesion … has always appeared to me the most useful constituent of discourse analysis or text linguistics applicable to translation .
the topic of cohesion … has always appeared to me the most useful constituent of discourse analysis or text linguistics [usable] to translation .

An individual 's social network is simply the sum of relationships which he or she has contracted with others , and in that rather obvious sense the concept is universally applicable .
an individual 's social network is simply the sum of relationships which he or she has contracted with others , and in that rather obvious sense the concept is universally [usable] .

In some of the most active maritime routes , such as in the North Atlantic and Baltic , the ocean bill has been largely replaced by sea waybills which are receipts of shipment and which can act as documents of title where the applicable law allows such a function .
in some of the most active maritime routes , such as in the north atlantic and baltic , the ocean bill has been largely replaced by sea waybills which are receipts of shipment and which can act as documents of title where the [usable] law allows such a function .

The contract evidenced by this waybill is subject to the exceptions , limitations , conditions , and liberties ( including those relating to pre-carriage and on-carriage ) set out in the Carrier 's Standard conditions of Carriage applicable to the voyage covered by this Waybill and operative on this date of issue .
the contract evidenced by this waybill is subject to the exceptions , limitations , conditions , and liberties ( including those relating to pre-carriage and on-carriage ) set out in the carrier 's standard conditions of carriage [usable] to the voyage covered by this waybill and operative on this date of issue .

The fact that one of the parties is a public body does not necessarily affect the nature of the dispute or the law applicable to it .
the fact that one of the parties is a public body does not necessarily affect the nature of the dispute or the law [usable] to it .

Are such phrases applicable today ?
are such phrases [usable] today ?

And this was applicable where the first accommodation was in another country .
and this was [usable] where the first accommodation was in another country .

The 1938 Act covering statutory wage-regulating bodies was not a strong and wide-reaching one , ostensibly applicable to only 2 million workers .
the 1938 act covering statutory wage-regulating bodies was not a strong and wide-reaching one , ostensibly [usable] to only 2 million workers .

But even when we have allowed for this , there is no ready way of defining the category ‘ art ’ from these undoubted and general human perceptions , which we are bound to recognize as more widely applicable and thus not reducible to a specialization .
but even when we have allowed for this , there is no ready way of defining the category ‘ art ’ from these undoubted and general human perceptions , which we are bound to recognize as more widely [usable] and thus not reducible to a specialization .

This technique is only directly applicable to fixed-length records .
this technique is only directly [usable] to fixed-length records .

The small size of these ‘ files ’ make such techniques applicable only to main storage tables ; in that sphere , they are very useful .
the small size of these ‘ files ’ make such techniques [usable] only to main storage tables ; in that sphere , they are very useful .

This word , which varies in its usage from student to student , was generally used to mean something like ‘ applicable in the outside world ’ .
this word , which varies in its usage from student to student , was generally used to mean something like ‘ [usable] in the outside world ’ .

Under the income support system , if a person 's resources are less than what is deemed to be his or her ‘ applicable amount ’ of Income Support , then eligibility is gained .
under the income support system , if a person 's resources are less than what is deemed to be his or her ‘ [usable] amount ’ of income support , then eligibility is gained .

However , the applicable amount does not make a distinction between those eligible for a long-term as opposed to an ordinary rate , nor is there a distinction between a householder and non-householder , although there are additions for special needs .
however , the [usable] amount does not make a distinction between those eligible for a long-term as opposed to an ordinary rate , nor is there a distinction between a householder and non-householder , although there are additions for special needs .

The advantage over stratificational social class ( as in Labov , 1966 ) as a principal variable is the universality of the network concept : whereas stratificational social class theory can not be universally applicable to all historical states , to bilingual situations , or to language- ( that is , speaker- ) contact situations ( and all of these are relevant in historical description ) , all speakers at all times have had ties of some kind — weak or strong — with other speakers .
the advantage over stratificational social class ( as in labov , 1966 ) as a principal variable is the universality of the network concept : whereas stratificational social class theory can not be universally [usable] to all historical states , to bilingual situations , or to language- ( that is , speaker- ) contact situations ( and all of these are relevant in historical description ) , all speakers at all times have had ties of some kind — weak or strong — with other speakers .

Rotation generates a storehouse of knowledge applicable to a variety of work situations and enhances problem-solving capabilities at the enterprise level .
rotation generates a storehouse of knowledge [usable] to a variety of work situations and enhances problem-solving capabilities at the enterprise level .

Where matters of law and equity conflict , the principle of equity applicable prevails over the legal principle in the case .
where matters of law and equity conflict , the principle of equity [usable] prevails over the legal principle in the case .

These are generally applicable and binding in their entirety , and have direct effect upon all member states .
these are generally [usable] and binding in their entirety , and have direct effect upon all member states .

Statements of the principles of law applicable to the problem disclosed by the facts of the case .
statements of the principles of law [usable] to the problem disclosed by the facts of the case .

suggested modification ( where applicable ) ;
suggested modification ( where [usable] ) ;

This would seem to be most applicable to Quadrant 4 types of innovations , and may well be counterproductive in the other areas .
this would seem to be most [usable] to quadrant 4 types of innovations , and may well be counterproductive in the other areas .

And although this research is industry-specific , the hope is that it offers insights and design lessons applicable in many areas .
and although this research is industry-specific , the hope is that it offers insights and design lessons [usable] in many areas .

The four basic relations between classes furnish a model not only for establishing a fundamental group of sense relations , but also for defining a set of systematic variants applicable to virtually all other paradigmatic sense relations .
the four basic relations between classes furnish a model not only for establishing a fundamental group of sense relations , but also for defining a set of systematic variants [usable] to virtually all other paradigmatic sense relations .

For instance , the three factors mentioned interact with one another , so that if any two are simultaneously applicable , the entailment is in the ‘ normal ’ direction , i.e .
for instance , the three factors mentioned interact with one another , so that if any two are simultaneously [usable] , the entailment is in the ‘ normal ’ direction , i.e .

In this and the three following sections a number of general concepts will be introduced which are applicable to all , or at least most , paradigmatic lexical relations .
in this and the three following sections a number of general concepts will be introduced which are [usable] to all , or at least most , paradigmatic lexical relations .

’ Crucially , clause 54 ( 4 ) of the Bill sought to tax in-house benefits on a different basis from that applicable to external benefits .
’ crucially , clause 54 ( 4 ) of the bill sought to tax in-house benefits on a different basis from that [usable] to external benefits .

The 1976 Finance Bill as introduced proposed to charge in-house benefits on a different basis from that applicable to external benefits , i.e .
the 1976 finance bill as introduced proposed to charge in-house benefits on a different basis from that [usable] to external benefits , i.e .

This inability of the court to intervene is founded on the fact that the applicable law is not the common law of England but a peculiar or domestic law of which the visitor is the sole judge .
this inability of the court to intervene is founded on the fact that the [usable] law is not the common law of england but a peculiar or domestic law of which the visitor is the sole judge .

The break-through that the Anisminic case made was the recognition by the majority of this House that if a tribunal whose jurisdiction was limited by statute or subordinate legislation mistook the law applicable to the facts as it had found them , it must have asked itself the wrong question , i.e .
the break-through that the anisminic case made was the recognition by the majority of this house that if a tribunal whose jurisdiction was limited by statute or subordinate legislation mistook the law [usable] to the facts as it had found them , it must have asked itself the wrong question , i.e .

In my judgment , therefore , if there were a statutory provision that the decision of a visitor on the law applicable to internal disputes of a charity was to be ‘ final and conclusive , ’ courts would have no jurisdiction to review the visitor 's decision on the grounds of error of law made by the visitor within his jurisdiction ( in the narrow sense ) .
in my judgment , therefore , if there were a statutory provision that the decision of a visitor on the law [usable] to internal disputes of a charity was to be ‘ final and conclusive , ’ courts would have no jurisdiction to review the visitor 's decision on the grounds of error of law made by the visitor within his jurisdiction ( in the narrow sense ) .

He submitted that the concept of a peculiar domestic law differing from the general law of the land was artificial since in practice the charter and statutes of a university are expressed in ordinary legal language and applied in accordance with the same principles as those applicable under the general law .
he submitted that the concept of a peculiar domestic law differing from the general law of the land was artificial since in practice the charter and statutes of a university are expressed in ordinary legal language and applied in accordance with the same principles as those [usable] under the general law .

The break-through that the Anisminic case made was the recognition by the majority of this House that if a tribunal whose jurisdiction was limited by statute or subordinate legislation mistook the law applicable to the facts as it had found them , it must have asked itself the wrong question , i.e .
the break-through that the anisminic case made was the recognition by the majority of this house that if a tribunal whose jurisdiction was limited by statute or subordinate legislation mistook the law [usable] to the facts as it had found them , it must have asked itself the wrong question , i.e .

For axially symmetric cases the method is unfortunately not applicable .
for axially symmetric cases the method is unfortunately not [usable] .

Thus the definition of eqn ( 2.5 ) is no longer applicable or we should rather say it is no longer sufficient .
thus the definition of eqn ( 2.5 ) is no longer [usable] or we should rather say it is no longer sufficient .

If the core makes up a closed circuit as shown in Fig. 4.7(a) then l should be taken as the length along the dotted line and eqn ( 4.43 ) is still applicable .
if the core makes up a closed circuit as shown in fig. 4.7(a) then l should be taken as the length along the dotted line and eqn ( 4.43 ) is still [usable] .

State whether the accounts have been prepared in accordance with applicable accounting standards and give details of and reasons for any material departure .
state whether the accounts have been prepared in accordance with [usable] accounting standards and give details of and reasons for any material departure .

The financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention , as modified by the revaluation of land and buildings , and are in accordance with applicable accounting standards . The following principal accounting policies have been applied :
the financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention , as modified by the revaluation of land and buildings , and are in accordance with [usable] accounting standards . the following principal accounting policies have been applied :

State whether the accounts have been prepared in accordance with applicable accounting standards and give details of and reasons for any material departure .
state whether the accounts have been prepared in accordance with [usable] accounting standards and give details of and reasons for any material departure .

The financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention , as modified by the revaluation of land and buildings , and are in accordance with applicable accounting standards . The following accounting policies have been applied :
the financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention , as modified by the revaluation of land and buildings , and are in accordance with [usable] accounting standards . the following accounting policies have been applied :

The disorder arises as a result of brain damage , particularly of the left parietal lobe , and for the label apraxia to be applicable , the patient 's difficulties must not be due to problems in comprehending the examiner 's instructions .
the disorder arises as a result of brain damage , particularly of the left parietal lobe , and for the label apraxia to be [usable] , the patient 's difficulties must not be due to problems in comprehending the examiner 's instructions .

Categorise the sites into exposure grades , using Ballantine 's scale if applicable , and collect comparable numbers of living dog-whelks from each of the different grades , taking care to collect the animals at random-or , at least , without conscious bias for the characters to be investigated .
categorise the sites into exposure grades , using ballantine 's scale if [usable] , and collect comparable numbers of living dog-whelks from each of the different grades , taking care to collect the animals at random-or , at least , without conscious bias for the characters to be investigated .

None of those sections are applicable to the present case .
none of those sections are [usable] to the present case .

There is also a power of adjournment given by section 54 ( 1 ) of the Act but that relates to matters heard on complaint , that is to say , the justices ' civil jurisdiction , and is not applicable in the present case .
there is also a power of adjournment given by section 54 ( 1 ) of the act but that relates to matters heard on complaint , that is to say , the justices ' civil jurisdiction , and is not [usable] in the present case .

If the justice forms the opinion that section 7 ( 5 ) ( a ) or ( b ) is applicable , then the matter can be tested if the defendant is dissatisfied with the order made by the justice by a fresh application for bail .
if the justice forms the opinion that section 7 ( 5 ) ( a ) or ( b ) is [usable] , then the matter can be tested if the defendant is dissatisfied with the order made by the justice by a fresh application for bail .

From a positivist viewpoint such methods and assumptions are applicable to human behaviour .
from a positivist viewpoint such methods and assumptions are [usable] to human behaviour .

The statutory framework applicable to the applications for admissions made by the applicants in November 1990 can therefore be summarised as follows .
the statutory framework [usable] to the applications for admissions made by the applicants in november 1990 can therefore be summarised as follows .

The major difference is that whereas in Popper the decisions concern the acceptance of singular statements only , in Lakatos the device is extended so as to be applicable to the universal statements that make up the hard core .
the major difference is that whereas in popper the decisions concern the acceptance of singular statements only , in lakatos the device is extended so as to be [usable] to the universal statements that make up the hard core .

Rex and Moore 's classification was based upon research in the Sparkbrook area of Birmingham , and it is more or less time-specific to the mid-1960s and applicable to medium-to large-sized cities .
rex and moore 's classification was based upon research in the sparkbrook area of birmingham , and it is more or less time-specific to the mid-1960s and [usable] to medium-to large-sized cities .

‘ The same law is applicable to a certain extent to a trading corporation .
‘ the same law is [usable] to a certain extent to a trading corporation .

To allow the local authority itself , also , to sue in libel under the law applicable to actions by an ordinary individual would add substantially to the restriction caused by that ordinary risk .
to allow the local authority itself , also , to sue in libel under the law [usable] to actions by an ordinary individual would add substantially to the restriction caused by that ordinary risk .

Subject to paragraph 2 , it is applicable not only to ‘ information ’ or ‘ ideas ’ that are favourably received or regarded as inoffensive or as a matter of indifference , but also to those that offend , shock or disturb .
subject to paragraph 2 , it is [usable] not only to ‘ information ’ or ‘ ideas ’ that are favourably received or regarded as inoffensive or as a matter of indifference , but also to those that offend , shock or disturb .

Accordingly , other provisions of the Act relating to the assessment of benefit , charging orders burdens of proof and enforcement are also applicable .
accordingly , other provisions of the act relating to the assessment of benefit , charging orders burdens of proof and enforcement are also [usable] .

Detention in young offender institution — statutory criteria — only a custodial sentence would be adequate to protect the public from serious harm from him — whether criterion applicable to offender previously placed on probation
detention in young offender institution — statutory criteria — only a custodial sentence would be adequate to protect the public from serious harm from him — whether criterion [usable] to offender previously placed on probation

Although the terms backwardation , normal backwardation and contango are particularly relevant to commodity futures , they are also applicable to index futures .
although the terms backwardation , normal backwardation and contango are particularly relevant to commodity futures , they are also [usable] to index futures .

Tour prices start from £367 and include : return scheduled flights ; accommodation with breakfast at the Scandic Crown hotel , which operated morning and evening transfers between the hotel and fair ; and all applicable airport taxes and hotel service charges .
tour prices start from £367 and include : return scheduled flights ; accommodation with breakfast at the scandic crown hotel , which operated morning and evening transfers between the hotel and fair ; and all [usable] airport taxes and hotel service charges .

Although Lord Cairns regarded the principles applicable as extremely simple , it seems clear that the common law was faced by a new and important problem which could not be solved by merely applying the existing authorities .
although lord cairns regarded the principles [usable] as extremely simple , it seems clear that the common law was faced by a new and important problem which could not be solved by merely applying the existing authorities .

Nor was nuisance considered applicable , apparently on the basis that the defendant had no reason to foresee the injury .
nor was nuisance considered [usable] , apparently on the basis that the defendant had no reason to foresee the injury .

At common law both forms of scienter liability and cattle trespass had close affinities with Rylands v. Fletcher and were probably governed by the remoteness principle applicable to that rule — was the consequence a ‘ natural ’ one , a question of causation .
at common law both forms of scienter liability and cattle trespass had close affinities with rylands v. fletcher and were probably governed by the remoteness principle [usable] to that rule — was the consequence a ‘ natural ’ one , a question of causation .

If this is correct , those principles should also be applicable to the Animals Act .
if this is correct , those principles should also be [usable] to the animals act .

As we have seen , replevin is an ancient cause of action which is theoretically applicable to any trespassory taking of goods but in practice is limited to taking by wrongful distress .
as we have seen , replevin is an ancient cause of action which is theoretically [usable] to any trespassory taking of goods but in practice is limited to taking by wrongful distress .

It is a fundamental point about the aged , and one that is applicable to any group of people who need special help , that they will differ very widely in their capacities and in their needs .
it is a fundamental point about the aged , and one that is [usable] to any group of people who need special help , that they will differ very widely in their capacities and in their needs .

Such studies do not give a true reflection of population needs , nor may the clinical indices used to predict survival or estimates of prognosis be applicable in the wider population of patients with severe acute renal failure .
such studies do not give a true reflection of population needs , nor may the clinical indices used to predict survival or estimates of prognosis be [usable] in the wider population of patients with severe acute renal failure .

Though our results need replication , this suggests that our results may be applicable to women attempting to conceive naturally .
though our results need replication , this suggests that our results may be [usable] to women attempting to conceive naturally .

Our challenge is to make explicit the basis for the intuitions and judgments that happen there and to make applicable the results of experimental interventions gained under more constrained conditions .
our challenge is to make explicit the basis for the intuitions and judgments that happen there and to make [usable] the results of experimental interventions gained under more constrained conditions .

We concluded that it would be wrong to pick one model as universally applicable .
we concluded that it would be wrong to pick one model as universally [usable] .

The actual official published positions of the field provide a new and powerful model of environmental medicine that contains numerous valuable insights and perspectives into the dynamic causes of many acute and chronic illnesses and provide powerful tools to vastly improve both the quality and cost effectiveness of the health care of applicable illnesses .
the actual official published positions of the field provide a new and powerful model of environmental medicine that contains numerous valuable insights and perspectives into the dynamic causes of many acute and chronic illnesses and provide powerful tools to vastly improve both the quality and cost effectiveness of the health care of [usable] illnesses .

Both these characteristics are applicable to meanings qua species of thought .
both these characteristics are [usable] to meanings qua species of thought .

But from this it does not follow either that we can dispense with identity or that identity is not really applicable to objects as ontological existents .
but from this it does not follow either that we can dispense with identity or that identity is not really [usable] to objects as ontological existents .

, without which such descriptions would not be applicable , or even make sense .
, without which such descriptions would not be [usable] , or even make sense .

Evidently , experiences can not be appropriately or adequately described in terms of the categories that are applicable to public objects or events .
evidently , experiences can not be appropriately or adequately described in terms of the categories that are [usable] to public objects or events .

The account makes a good deal of sense at whatever spatial level it is employed , but it seems most applicable at a level considerably beyond any modern residentially based labour market .
the account makes a good deal of sense at whatever spatial level it is employed , but it seems most [usable] at a level considerably beyond any modern residentially based labour market .

In order to make the best of a case at this stage most claimants will need advice and assistance because preparing a case for appeal involves three tasks : establishing the facts of the case , understanding the applicable legal rules and integrating facts and law in a well-constructed argument which includes meeting the reasons put forward by the adjudication officer for denying the claim .
in order to make the best of a case at this stage most claimants will need advice and assistance because preparing a case for appeal involves three tasks : establishing the facts of the case , understanding the [usable] legal rules and integrating facts and law in a well-constructed argument which includes meeting the reasons put forward by the adjudication officer for denying the claim .

Many of the traditional monopolies applicable in the legal profession are under attack and some are on the point of disappearing .
many of the traditional monopolies [usable] in the legal profession are under attack and some are on the point of disappearing .

We are left , however , with two unanswered questions about the divergence of function and form , of semantics and pragmatics : How ? and Why ? If the meaning of an utterance does not wholly reside in the semantic meaning , and if people can mean quite different things with the same words , how do human beings interpret — usually quite accurately — what is meant from what is said ? And why does this divergence of function and form exist at all ? Why do people not just speak directly and say what they mean ? For an answer we will need to look elsewhere : at the theories of conversational principles and speech acts , ideas which , as their names suggest , were developed with spoken language in mind , but are as applicable to written discourse as to spoken .
we are left , however , with two unanswered questions about the divergence of function and form , of semantics and pragmatics : how ? and why ? if the meaning of an utterance does not wholly reside in the semantic meaning , and if people can mean quite different things with the same words , how do human beings interpret — usually quite accurately — what is meant from what is said ? and why does this divergence of function and form exist at all ? why do people not just speak directly and say what they mean ? for an answer we will need to look elsewhere : at the theories of conversational principles and speech acts , ideas which , as their names suggest , were developed with spoken language in mind , but are as [usable] to written discourse as to spoken .

Notice that what is proposed here is not a rank structure applicable to all discourse in the way that the grammatical rank structure is applicable to all sentences , but a structure specific to a particular discourse type .
notice that what is proposed here is not a rank structure [usable] to all discourse in the way that the grammatical rank structure is [usable] to all sentences , but a structure specific to a particular discourse type .

The two approaches to discourse which we have considered in 4 may seem irreconcilable and applicable to very different kinds of interaction .
the two approaches to discourse which we have considered in 4 may seem irreconcilable and [usable] to very different kinds of interaction .

Whereas the other approaches seem potentially applicable to discourse in general , conversation analysis , by definition , seems only applicable to discourse of a particular type : spoken , informal interaction .
whereas the other approaches seem potentially [usable] to discourse in general , conversation analysis , by definition , seems only [usable] to discourse of a particular type : spoken , informal interaction .

Some of the devices observed by conversation analysts — pausing , overlapping , drawing in breath — are of their nature limited to spoken discourse ; yet what they effect , the alternation of one point of view with another , and thus the mutual construction of a discourse , is far more widely applicable .
some of the devices observed by conversation analysts — pausing , overlapping , drawing in breath — are of their nature limited to spoken discourse ; yet what they effect , the alternation of one point of view with another , and thus the mutual construction of a discourse , is far more widely [usable] .

Algorithms of this sort are very widely applicable .
algorithms of this sort are very widely [usable] .

The maxim ‘ ex turpi causa non oritur actio ’ and its related rules would be applicable .
the maxim ‘ ex turpi causa non oritur actio ’ and its related rules would be [usable] .

… For that purpose it makes no difference whether the illegality is raised in the plaintiff 's claim or by way of reply to a ground of defence … ( ii ) Where the grant of relief to the plaintiff would enable him to benefit from his criminal conduct : … ( iii ) Where , even though neither ( i ) nor ( ii ) is applicable to the plaintiff 's claim , the situation is nevertheless residually covered by the general principle summarised in ( i ) above .
… for that purpose it makes no difference whether the illegality is raised in the plaintiff 's claim or by way of reply to a ground of defence … ( ii ) where the grant of relief to the plaintiff would enable him to benefit from his criminal conduct : … ( iii ) where , even though neither ( i ) nor ( ii ) is [usable] to the plaintiff 's claim , the situation is nevertheless residually covered by the general principle summarised in ( i ) above .

The applicable law , if a person is accused of committing a crime in this country , is to be found in section 6(1) of the Magistrates ' Courts Act 1980 , which provides that :
the [usable] law , if a person is accused of committing a crime in this country , is to be found in section 6(1) of the magistrates ' courts act 1980 , which provides that :

For the applicant , Mr. Newman did not dispute that the applicable test was to be found in Reg .
for the applicant , mr. newman did not dispute that the [usable] test was to be found in reg .

In fact , on the evidence available , it appears that the Swedish court , under the procedure applicable in that country , could admit in evidence Price 's retraction in this country of the evidence previously given by him in Sweden .
in fact , on the evidence available , it appears that the swedish court , under the procedure [usable] in that country , could admit in evidence price 's retraction in this country of the evidence previously given by him in sweden .

Mr. Sumption 's argument would , if right , be as applicable to the contravener as to a person ‘ knowingly concerned .
mr. sumption 's argument would , if right , be as [usable] to the contravener as to a person ‘ knowingly concerned .

Subsection ( 3 ) creates remedies for the recovery of profits and compensation for loss , and subsections ( 4 ) to ( 7 ) contain procedural provisions applicable to the remedies under subsection ( 3 ) .
subsection ( 3 ) creates remedies for the recovery of profits and compensation for loss , and subsections ( 4 ) to ( 7 ) contain procedural provisions [usable] to the remedies under subsection ( 3 ) .

By summonses dated 16 October , against each plaintiff , the defendants sought a declaration that in the circumstances the English court had no jurisdiction over the defendants in respect of the subject matter of the claim or the relief or remedy sought and an order that the action be dismissed on the grounds that the defendants were domiciled in Scotland for the purposes of the Civil Jurisdiction and Judgments Act 1982 and that Schedule 4 to the Act provided that the defendants should , subject to exceptions which were not applicable , be sued in the courts of Scotland .
by summonses dated 16 october , against each plaintiff , the defendants sought a declaration that in the circumstances the english court had no jurisdiction over the defendants in respect of the subject matter of the claim or the relief or remedy sought and an order that the action be dismissed on the grounds that the defendants were domiciled in scotland for the purposes of the civil jurisdiction and judgments act 1982 and that schedule 4 to the act provided that the defendants should , subject to exceptions which were not [usable] , be sued in the courts of scotland .

( a ) The provision of article 10 ( 1 ) ( e ) in the Convention on the Law applicable to Contractual Obligations 1980 ( ‘ the Rome Convention ’ ) , enacted into English law by the Contracts ( Applicable Law ) Act 1990 , that the law applicable to a contract shall govern , inter alia , ‘ the consequences of nullity of the contract , ’ supports the view that on the proper independent interpretation of article 5 ( 1 ) the consequences of nullity must be treated as within the scope of the phrase ‘ matters relating to a contract .
( a ) the provision of article 10 ( 1 ) ( e ) in the convention on the law [usable] to contractual obligations 1980 ( ‘ the rome convention ’ ) , enacted into english law by the contracts ( [usable] law ) act 1990 , that the law [usable] to a contract shall govern , inter alia , ‘ the consequences of nullity of the contract , ’ supports the view that on the proper independent interpretation of article 5 ( 1 ) the consequences of nullity must be treated as within the scope of the phrase ‘ matters relating to a contract .

In addition , article 10 of the ( Rome ) Convention on the Law applicable to Contractual Obligations of 19 June 1980 ( Official Journal 1980 No .
in addition , article 10 of the ( rome ) convention on the law [usable] to contractual obligations of 19 june 1980 ( official journal 1980 no .

‘ Scope of the applicable law .
‘ scope of the [usable] law .

The law applicable to a contract by virtue of articles 3 to 6 and 12 of this Convention shall govern in particular : ( a ) interpretation ; ( b ) performance ; ( c ) within the limits of the powers conferred on the court by its procedural law , the consequences of breach , including the assessment of damages in so far as it is governed by rules of law ; ( d ) the various ways of extinguishing obligations , and prescription and limitations of actions ; ( e ) the consequences of nullity of the contract .
the law [usable] to a contract by virtue of articles 3 to 6 and 12 of this convention shall govern in particular : ( a ) interpretation ; ( b ) performance ; ( c ) within the limits of the powers conferred on the court by its procedural law , the consequences of breach , including the assessment of damages in so far as it is governed by rules of law ; ( d ) the various ways of extinguishing obligations , and prescription and limitations of actions ; ( e ) the consequences of nullity of the contract .

‘ Sub-paragraph ( e ) also makes the consequences of nullity subject to the applicable law .
‘ sub-paragraph ( e ) also makes the consequences of nullity subject to the [usable] law .

The working party 's principal objective in introducing this provision was to make the refunds which the parties have to pay each other subsequent to a finding of nullity of the contract subject to the applicable law .
the working party 's principal objective in introducing this provision was to make the refunds which the parties have to pay each other subsequent to a finding of nullity of the contract subject to the [usable] law .

In such a case the surgeon may lawfully operate , in the knowledge that he can be justified either by consent or by the principle of necessity , whichever is in fact applicable .
in such a case the surgeon may lawfully operate , in the knowledge that he can be justified either by consent or by the principle of necessity , whichever is in fact [usable] .

The answers do confirm one applicable criterion , namely , whether the relevant regime is able of itself to ‘ exercise effective control of the territory of the state concerned ’ and is ‘ likely to continue to do so ; ’ and the statement as to what is to be the evidence of the attitude of Her Majesty 's Government provides another — to be inferred from the nature of the dealings , if any , that Her Majesty 's Government has with it and whether they are on a normal government to government basis .
the answers do confirm one [usable] criterion , namely , whether the relevant regime is able of itself to ‘ exercise effective control of the territory of the state concerned ’ and is ‘ likely to continue to do so ; ’ and the statement as to what is to be the evidence of the attitude of her majesty 's government provides another — to be inferred from the nature of the dealings , if any , that her majesty 's government has with it and whether they are on a normal government to government basis .

But in order for the paragraph to be applicable some ‘ error or omission in the register ’ or some ‘ entry made under a mistake ’ must be shown .
but in order for the paragraph to be [usable] some ‘ error or omission in the register ’ or some ‘ entry made under a mistake ’ must be shown .

‘ It appears to me that the whole question is governed by the broad , general , universal principle that English legislation , unless the contrary is expressly enacted or so plainly implied as to make it the duty of an English court to give effect to an English statute , is applicable only to English subjects or to foreigners who by coming into this country , whether for a long or a short time , have made themselves during that time subject to English jurisdiction .
‘ it appears to me that the whole question is governed by the broad , general , universal principle that english legislation , unless the contrary is expressly enacted or so plainly implied as to make it the duty of an english court to give effect to an english statute , is [usable] only to english subjects or to foreigners who by coming into this country , whether for a long or a short time , have made themselves during that time subject to english jurisdiction .

‘ Put into the language of today , the general principle being there stated is simply that , unless the contrary is expressly enacted or so plainly implied that the courts must give effect to it , United Kingdom legislation is applicable only to British subjects or to foreigners who by coming to the United Kingdom , whether for a short or a long time , have made themselves subject to British jurisdiction .
‘ put into the language of today , the general principle being there stated is simply that , unless the contrary is expressly enacted or so plainly implied that the courts must give effect to it , united kingdom legislation is [usable] only to british subjects or to foreigners who by coming to the united kingdom , whether for a short or a long time , have made themselves subject to british jurisdiction .

Certainly there is no general principle that the legislation of the United Kingdom is applicable only to British subjects or persons resident here .
certainly there is no general principle that the legislation of the united kingdom is [usable] only to british subjects or persons resident here .

’ ‘ Relevant time ’ is defined in similar terms to those applicable to companies so far as preferences are concerned , but a more extended period , of five years , is provided for transactions at an undervalue .
’ ‘ relevant time ’ is defined in similar terms to those [usable] to companies so far as preferences are concerned , but a more extended period , of five years , is provided for transactions at an undervalue .

( 3 ) Where the creditor leaves it to the debtor to obtain the signature of a third party surety on documents of guarantee or on documents charging the surety 's principal or important asset , it exposes itself to the possibility of being restrained under applicable equitable doctrines .
( 3 ) where the creditor leaves it to the debtor to obtain the signature of a third party surety on documents of guarantee or on documents charging the surety 's principal or important asset , it exposes itself to the possibility of being restrained under [usable] equitable doctrines .

Subsection ( 2 ) contains a comparable provision applicable when an administration order is made under the Insolvency Act 1986 .
subsection ( 2 ) contains a comparable provision [usable] when an administration order is made under the insolvency act 1986 .

‘ It is submitted : ( i ) the judge erred in law in his ruling on count 1 ; ( ii ) for an offence to be committed under section 1(1) of the Act there does not have to be the use by the offender of one computer with intent to secure unauthorised access into another computer ; ( iii ) there is no ambiguity in the wording of section 1(1) ( a ) of the Act which clearly refers to an intent to secure access to any program or data held in any computer ; ( iv ) section 17(2) and ( 3 ) are applicable to the alleged actions of the respondent in this case ; ( v ) the Act has been drafted so as to deal with the person who misuses a computer to which he has direct ( but unauthorised ) access , as well as a computer into which he is able to secure indirect access by operating another computer . ’
‘ it is submitted : ( i ) the judge erred in law in his ruling on count 1 ; ( ii ) for an offence to be committed under section 1(1) of the act there does not have to be the use by the offender of one computer with intent to secure unauthorised access into another computer ; ( iii ) there is no ambiguity in the wording of section 1(1) ( a ) of the act which clearly refers to an intent to secure access to any program or data held in any computer ; ( iv ) section 17(2) and ( 3 ) are [usable] to the alleged actions of the respondent in this case ; ( v ) the act has been drafted so as to deal with the person who misuses a computer to which he has direct ( but unauthorised ) access , as well as a computer into which he is able to secure indirect access by operating another computer . ’

The grant of a flag had many legal implications ( determination of applicable law , in particular in the fields of civil or criminal liability , safety , fisheries , employment and social security ) and placed onerous duties on a state ( control in administrative , technical and social matters ) .
the grant of a flag had many legal implications ( determination of [usable] law , in particular in the fields of civil or criminal liability , safety , fisheries , employment and social security ) and placed onerous duties on a state ( control in administrative , technical and social matters ) .

no longer adds anything to the general prohibition set out in article 52 , since the court has held that , as from the end of the transitional period , article 52 is directly applicable .
no longer adds anything to the general prohibition set out in article 52 , since the court has held that , as from the end of the transitional period , article 52 is directly [usable] .

‘ Member states shall determine , in accordance with the applicable Community provisions , the detailed rules for the utilisation of the quotas allocated to them .
‘ member states shall determine , in accordance with the [usable] community provisions , the detailed rules for the utilisation of the quotas allocated to them .

The purpose was to make applicable to building societies the composite rate system which had been in force as respects bank interest since the Finance Act 1984 .
the purpose was to make [usable] to building societies the composite rate system which had been in force as respects bank interest since the finance act 1984 .

There is some doubt whether this section is in any event applicable in the case of composite rate tax , which was the tax demanded of Woolwich in the present case .
there is some doubt whether this section is in any event [usable] in the case of composite rate tax , which was the tax demanded of woolwich in the present case .

It also follows that the common law principles , whatever they may be , are applicable to a case such as the present , unconstrained by the provisions of any statute .
it also follows that the common law principles , whatever they may be , are [usable] to a case such as the present , unconstrained by the provisions of any statute .

Historically , that may be correct ; but having , where applicable , overlaid and replaced the common law principles , whatever those principles may be , they become neutral in their effect when the development of those principles is considered by the courts .
historically , that may be correct ; but having , where [usable] , overlaid and replaced the common law principles , whatever those principles may be , they become neutral in their effect when the development of those principles is considered by the courts .

The principle of law applicable in such cases is well recognised .
the principle of law [usable] in such cases is well recognised .

This passage is interesting as it assumes that there would have been no right of recovery in any of the cases to which the section referred although had the Woolwich principle been applicable there would have been recovery , apart from the section , in some .
this passage is interesting as it assumes that there would have been no right of recovery in any of the cases to which the section referred although had the woolwich principle been [usable] there would have been recovery , apart from the section , in some .

These observations are in my view equally applicable to the revenue and to sums by way of principal or interest retained by them .
these observations are in my view equally [usable] to the revenue and to sums by way of principal or interest retained by them .

He submitted that , if a national court is considering whether to grant an interlocutory injunction in a case such as the present , where the validity of the law sought to be enforced is challenged by the defendant on the ground that it is inconsistent with Community law , the question whether the court should require an undertaking in damages from the plaintiff as a condition of the grant of an injunction is to be decided on the principles applicable to that question under the national law , being a question of procedure which , on established principles of Community law , is left to the national law .
he submitted that , if a national court is considering whether to grant an interlocutory injunction in a case such as the present , where the validity of the law sought to be enforced is challenged by the defendant on the ground that it is inconsistent with community law , the question whether the court should require an undertaking in damages from the plaintiff as a condition of the grant of an injunction is to be decided on the principles [usable] to that question under the national law , being a question of procedure which , on established principles of community law , is left to the national law .

It is clear that not all the insolvency procedures are applicable to unregistered companies .
it is clear that not all the insolvency procedures are [usable] to unregistered companies .

Monetary limits applicable for small bankruptcies , a reference to an insolvency practitioner for a report on a possible voluntary arrangement etc , are set out in the Insolvency Proceedings ( Monetary Limits ) Order 1986 .
monetary limits [usable] for small bankruptcies , a reference to an insolvency practitioner for a report on a possible voluntary arrangement etc , are set out in the insolvency proceedings ( monetary limits ) order 1986 .

( i ) Petition and a copy ( and an additional copy for the supervisor of a voluntary arrangement unless he is the petitioner ) and a further copy for the petitioner or his solicitor ; ( ii ) affidavit verifying the petition with a copy of the petition exhibited ( see section 9 below ) ; ( iii ) receipt for deposit of £240 paid to the official receiver ( Insolvency Fees ( Amendment ) Order 1990 ) -this sum can be paid to the court who will remit it to the official receiver ; ( iv ) affidavit of service of statutory demand ( if applicable ) ; ( v ) court fee : £45 .
( i ) petition and a copy ( and an additional copy for the supervisor of a voluntary arrangement unless he is the petitioner ) and a further copy for the petitioner or his solicitor ; ( ii ) affidavit verifying the petition with a copy of the petition exhibited ( see section 9 below ) ; ( iii ) receipt for deposit of £240 paid to the official receiver ( insolvency fees ( amendment ) order 1990 ) -this sum can be paid to the court who will remit it to the official receiver ; ( iv ) affidavit of service of statutory demand ( if [usable] ) ; ( v ) court fee : £45 .

Service of the petition must be proved by affidavit , and the affidavit must have a sealed copy of the petition and , if applicable , a sealed copy of the order for substituted service exhibited to it .
service of the petition must be proved by affidavit , and the affidavit must have a sealed copy of the petition and , if [usable] , a sealed copy of the order for substituted service exhibited to it .

This is obviously the case in markets such as civil or electrical engineering , but the principle is widely applicable ; for instance see Box 16.3 below .
this is obviously the case in markets such as civil or electrical engineering , but the principle is widely [usable] ; for instance see box 16.3 below .

Subtract the track length ( including return and overlap arm where applicable ) from the total width of the finished flat curtain .
subtract the track length ( including return and overlap arm where [usable] ) from the total width of the finished flat curtain .

Apollinaire had recently finished writing Le Bestiaire au Cortège d'Orphée and felt the name to be applicable to Delaunay 's work , partly because it was more lyrical and sensuous than the rather austere Cubism of the period , and also because he saw it as a form of ‘ peinture pure ’ which had analogies with music .
apollinaire had recently finished writing le bestiaire au cortège d'orphée and felt the name to be [usable] to delaunay 's work , partly because it was more lyrical and sensuous than the rather austere cubism of the period , and also because he saw it as a form of ‘ peinture pure ’ which had analogies with music .

And if one is forced to use the term ‘ geometrical ’ when talking about Braque 's work , it is even more applicable to Picasso 's .
and if one is forced to use the term ‘ geometrical ’ when talking about braque 's work , it is even more [usable] to picasso 's .

It came now because it was applicable .
it came now because it was [usable] .

The courts went further and said that natural justice itself was not applicable .
the courts went further and said that natural justice itself was not [usable] .

Although , as seen above , some courts have persisted in a form of prior categorisation to decide whether natural justice should be applicable , many courts have eschewed such labels .
although , as seen above , some courts have persisted in a form of prior categorisation to decide whether natural justice should be [usable] , many courts have eschewed such labels .

Thus , natural justice has been held to be applicable to cases of disciplinary action within a university and to expulsion for failure in examinations , although in the latter case the examiners had based their decision on the personal attributes of the candidate as well as exam marks .
thus , natural justice has been held to be [usable] to cases of disciplinary action within a university and to expulsion for failure in examinations , although in the latter case the examiners had based their decision on the personal attributes of the candidate as well as exam marks .

Thus , in Wiseman v. Borneman the Inland Revenue Commissioners believed that part of the Finance Act concerning share transactions was applicable to the case before them ; the taxpayer objected and entered a statutory declaration setting out his reasons .
thus , in wiseman v. borneman the inland revenue commissioners believed that part of the finance act concerning share transactions was [usable] to the case before them ; the taxpayer objected and entered a statutory declaration setting out his reasons .

It is indeed difficult to conceive of bad faith which would not automatically render applicable one of the two traditional control mechanisms .
it is indeed difficult to conceive of bad faith which would not automatically render [usable] one of the two traditional control mechanisms .

The same consideration applies to other aspects of the product , such as quality , brand , packaging and after-sales service , where applicable .
the same consideration applies to other aspects of the product , such as quality , brand , packaging and after-sales service , where [usable] .

Sales promotion activities are particularly applicable to consumer products .
sales promotion activities are particularly [usable] to consumer products .

Although this requirement was directly applicable only to federal agencies or projects requiring federal licences , in practice it has been extended to all major schemes of industrial expansion and new construction .
although this requirement was directly [usable] only to federal agencies or projects requiring federal licences , in practice it has been extended to all major schemes of industrial expansion and new construction .

It was at observatories that fundamental work on errors in observation were done by Gauss , leading to statistical theory applicable in all kinds of other fields .
it was at observatories that fundamental work on errors in observation were done by gauss , leading to statistical theory [usable] in all kinds of other fields .

The feeling of sharing in a great enterprise for the relief of man 's estate was also good ; and the hope was that the method of science would prove applicable in politics , in the arts and in religion .
the feeling of sharing in a great enterprise for the relief of man 's estate was also good ; and the hope was that the method of science would prove [usable] in politics , in the arts and in religion .

This argument is particularly applicable to southern Italy and to other sub-national areas of southern Europe .
this argument is particularly [usable] to southern italy and to other sub-national areas of southern europe .

The Constitution is therefore not merely a body of rules equally applicable to all citizens , but also a body of rules specially designed to benefit and protect given groups … What has in fact happened is that the old idea of the ’ estates ' has been re-created in Mexican law .
the constitution is therefore not merely a body of rules equally [usable] to all citizens , but also a body of rules specially designed to benefit and protect given groups … what has in fact happened is that the old idea of the ’ estates ' has been re-created in mexican law .

There is a more general issue of accountability in the voluntary sector . Leat has identified four forms of accountability applicable to voluntary organisations :
there is a more general issue of accountability in the voluntary sector . leat has identified four forms of accountability [usable] to voluntary organisations :

List of tour operators featuring the above resorts ( where applicable ) and their telephone numbers
list of tour operators featuring the above resorts ( where [usable] ) and their telephone numbers

This payment is in addition to what our Insurance company or , if applicable , your own company would pay if your outbound journey is delayed .
this payment is in addition to what our insurance company or , if [usable] , your own company would pay if your outbound journey is delayed .

The judges will be looking for businesses with innovative ideas , a foreseeable profitable future as well as success to date , ideas for future expansion , commitment to equal opportunities , steps taken for job-share/part-time ( where applicable ) , creativity , products which are environment-friendly and efforts to enhance the working environment .
the judges will be looking for businesses with innovative ideas , a foreseeable profitable future as well as success to date , ideas for future expansion , commitment to equal opportunities , steps taken for job-share/part-time ( where [usable] ) , creativity , products which are environment-friendly and efforts to enhance the working environment .

To assist students to understand and interpret their own experience as bi/multi lingual users of language and as language learners of long experience , and in addition ( where applicable ) to understand their experience of coaching individuals and small groups in English , and to improve their performance in that role .
to assist students to understand and interpret their own experience as bi/multi lingual users of language and as language learners of long experience , and in addition ( where [usable] ) to understand their experience of coaching individuals and small groups in english , and to improve their performance in that role .

‘ But how come you still get animal experiments if that 's the case ? Surely they only take place when the data 's known to be applicable to people . ’
‘ but how come you still get animal experiments if that 's the case ? surely they only take place when the data 's known to be [usable] to people . ’

All equipment within and around the warehouse complex , i.e. order pickers , stackers , lifting devices conveyors , fork lift trucks , etc. must be designed to be fire resistant and where applicable should be provided with full emergency escape facilities .
all equipment within and around the warehouse complex , i.e. order pickers , stackers , lifting devices conveyors , fork lift trucks , etc. must be designed to be fire resistant and where [usable] should be provided with full emergency escape facilities .

Requirements generally applicable include for structural fire resistance , compartmentation , the installation of sprinklers and fire-fighting equipment , and the provision of fire brigade access to the perimeter of the building .
requirements generally [usable] include for structural fire resistance , compartmentation , the installation of sprinklers and fire-fighting equipment , and the provision of fire brigade access to the perimeter of the building .

Certain of the concepts described in the body of this Guidance Document may not be applicable and proposals should be discussed in the initial stages with officers to the Greater London Council 's Building Regulation Division .
certain of the concepts described in the body of this guidance document may not be [usable] and proposals should be discussed in the initial stages with officers to the greater london council 's building regulation division .

In the context of the conventional debate over academic freedom , a standard move in response to this point is to claim that academic freedom is a concept applicable to individual persons , and that academic autonomy is a concept applicable to institutions .
in the context of the conventional debate over academic freedom , a standard move in response to this point is to claim that academic freedom is a concept [usable] to individual persons , and that academic autonomy is a concept [usable] to institutions .

In 1751 Pritchard married Eleanor Russell ( died 1768 ) : three of their children died young but their surviving daughter married the surveyor John White , whose son , John White junior , published an illustrated account of Pritchard 's bridge designs in a pamphlet entitled On Cementitious Architecture as Applicable to the Construction of Bridges ( 1832 ) .
in 1751 pritchard married eleanor russell ( died 1768 ) : three of their children died young but their surviving daughter married the surveyor john white , whose son , john white junior , published an illustrated account of pritchard 's bridge designs in a pamphlet entitled on cementitious architecture as [usable] to the construction of bridges ( 1832 ) .

But much of it is equally applicable to debentures and many of the statutory provisions expressly apply equally to them , though it is clear that when they do so ‘ debentures ’ is usually used in its narrow sense of debenture stock or a series of identical debentures and not in its wider meaning of a single mortgage , charge or bond .
but much of it is equally [usable] to debentures and many of the statutory provisions expressly apply equally to them , though it is clear that when they do so ‘ debentures ’ is usually used in its narrow sense of debenture stock or a series of identical debentures and not in its wider meaning of a single mortgage , charge or bond .

‘ It shall be stated whether the accounts have been prepared in accordance with applicable accounting standards and particulars of any material departure from those standards and the reason for it shall be given .
‘ it shall be stated whether the accounts have been prepared in accordance with [usable] accounting standards and particulars of any material departure from those standards and the reason for it shall be given .

Where a prosecution is brought under section 20 ( theatres ) or section 22 ( cable broadcasting ) , the provisions of the earlier legislation as to such matters as using scripts as evidence , making copies of scripts and records and powers of entry and inspection remain applicable .
where a prosecution is brought under section 20 ( theatres ) or section 22 ( cable broadcasting ) , the provisions of the earlier legislation as to such matters as using scripts as evidence , making copies of scripts and records and powers of entry and inspection remain [usable] .

There is a Latin maxim ignorantia juris non excusat , and , although these words are variously translated and variously applied in our law , they are remarkably applicable to someone who chooses to act in a challenging way towards a policeman on the street .
there is a latin maxim ignorantia juris non excusat , and , although these words are variously translated and variously applied in our law , they are remarkably [usable] to someone who chooses to act in a challenging way towards a policeman on the street .

Although we have illustrated these points with reference to surface dyslexia , they are generally applicable : they apply to the investigation of any form of language disorder — expressive or receptive , spoken language or written language .
although we have illustrated these points with reference to surface dyslexia , they are generally [usable] : they apply to the investigation of any form of language disorder — expressive or receptive , spoken language or written language .

Legal rules are the more detailed regulations applicable in practice , and derive from a variety of sources .
legal rules are the more detailed regulations [usable] in practice , and derive from a variety of sources .

on earnings per share and deferred tax ) , this fact makes it easy to comment on their applicability : they are obviously not applicable .
on earnings per share and deferred tax ) , this fact makes it easy to comment on their applicability : they are obviously not [usable] .

This prescription for geomorphology was applicable to physical geography as a whole .
this prescription for geomorphology was [usable] to physical geography as a whole .

In his application of systems analysis in geography as a whole Huggett ( 1980 ) has distinguished a strategy of systems analysis that is applicable to both theoretical , at either a micro- or macro-scale level , or an experimental mode of analysis which observes the nature of relationships between system parts .
in his application of systems analysis in geography as a whole huggett ( 1980 ) has distinguished a strategy of systems analysis that is [usable] to both theoretical , at either a micro- or macro-scale level , or an experimental mode of analysis which observes the nature of relationships between system parts .

He characterizes systems analysis as being concerned with handling complexity , with identifying and understanding systemic effects , with seeking methods which are applicable to a wide range of systems classified into certain types , and with providing tools which aid planning and problem solving .
he characterizes systems analysis as being concerned with handling complexity , with identifying and understanding systemic effects , with seeking methods which are [usable] to a wide range of systems classified into certain types , and with providing tools which aid planning and problem solving .

Although already referred to elsewhere ( p. 116 ) the most generally applicable energy-based approach is perhaps that advocated by Hewitt and Hare ( 1973 ) .
although already referred to elsewhere ( p. 116 ) the most generally [usable] energy-based approach is perhaps that advocated by hewitt and hare ( 1973 ) .

Soviet legal specialists maintained that the neutralisation of Laos created a code of conduct applicable more broadly to neutralist states ( see Chapter 1 ) .
soviet legal specialists maintained that the neutralisation of laos created a code of conduct [usable] more broadly to neutralist states ( see chapter 1 ) .

Razak said afterwards that when Soviet officials told him that neutralisation was similar to collective security he replied that ‘ he appreciated this , but added that Malaysia preferred a neutrality plan which would be applicable to a smaller region such as Southeast Asia ’ .
razak said afterwards that when soviet officials told him that neutralisation was similar to collective security he replied that ‘ he appreciated this , but added that malaysia preferred a neutrality plan which would be [usable] to a smaller region such as southeast asia ’ .

The following are suggestions for equal balance and contrasted tone-colours in the tutti between melodic lines in general ( not necessarily only applicable to the example above ) occurring respectively in the ‘ soprano ’ and ‘ tenor ’ registers .
the following are suggestions for equal balance and contrasted tone-colours in the tutti between melodic lines in general ( not necessarily only [usable] to the example above ) occurring respectively in the ‘ soprano ’ and ‘ tenor ’ registers .

The difficulties associated with questionnaires are usually also applicable to rating scales .
the difficulties associated with questionnaires are usually also [usable] to rating scales .

Broadly , the parties to a dispute which is settled by a tribunal will bear their own costs , subject to any specific rules applicable to a particular tribunal .
broadly , the parties to a dispute which is settled by a tribunal will bear their own costs , subject to any specific rules [usable] to a particular tribunal .

, 1991 ) made a broadly applicable solution imperative .
, 1991 ) made a broadly [usable] solution imperative .

The principles thus stated apply not only to national legislation which has been specifically adopted to implement a directive but also should only be applicable to any national legislation adopted after the directive .
the principles thus stated apply not only to national legislation which has been specifically adopted to implement a directive but also should only be [usable] to any national legislation adopted after the directive .

‘ It is questionable whether concepts applicable to offences involving inanimate objects , such as arson under the Criminal Damage Act 1971 , should necessarily apply where what is in issue is a man 's consciousness of the fact that the woman with whom he is having sexual intercourse does not consent to it . ’
‘ it is questionable whether concepts [usable] to offences involving inanimate objects , such as arson under the criminal damage act 1971 , should necessarily apply where what is in issue is a man 's consciousness of the fact that the woman with whom he is having sexual intercourse does not consent to it . ’

Applicable accounting standards have been followed .
[usable] accounting standards have been followed .

The accounts have been prepared under the historical cost convention and in accordance with applicable accounting standards as defined by the Companies Act 1985 .
the accounts have been prepared under the historical cost convention and in accordance with [usable] accounting standards as defined by the companies act 1985 .

Applicable to each person insured .
[usable] to each person insured .

Also , levels and bases of , and reliefs from , taxation are those currently applicable and may be subject to change , and their value depends on the individual circumstances of the investor .
also , levels and bases of , and reliefs from , taxation are those currently [usable] and may be subject to change , and their value depends on the individual circumstances of the investor .

Such comment , concerning motif , is also applicable to the pavement of room 9 , Tockington Park .
such comment , concerning motif , is also [usable] to the pavement of room 9 , tockington park .

have fulfilled college attendance requirements if applicable .
have fulfilled college attendance requirements if [usable] .

Should the probationary period be completed satisfactorily , the appointment will continue until retiring age , subject to the provisions of the University Statutes and Decrees and to such provisions of the Education Reform Act which may be applicable to this appointment .
should the probationary period be completed satisfactorily , the appointment will continue until retiring age , subject to the provisions of the university statutes and decrees and to such provisions of the education reform act which may be [usable] to this appointment .

1.15.3 ( if applicable ) the date falling [ 10 ] working days after the Landlord receives notification in accordance with clause 4.2.5 of this agreement It is better to err on the side of caution when agreeing time periods for the completion of the lease .
1.15.3 ( if [usable] ) the date falling [ 10 ] working days after the landlord receives notification in accordance with clause 4.2.5 of this agreement it is better to err on the side of caution when agreeing time periods for the completion of the lease .

2.14 The Landlord shall procure that the obligations of the contractor under clause of the Building Contract are complied with within the period applicable but ( save as provided in clause 16.3 [ of this agreement and in clause [ s ] of the Lease ] the Landlord shall with effect from the Certificate Date be under no liability to the Tenant in respect of any failure to carry out the Works in accordance with clauses 2.2.1 and 2.2.3 ( save as regards matters specified in any Defects Notice which were not remedied to the Surveyor 's [ reasonable ] satisfaction ) The part of this clause commencing … but ( save as provided in clause 16.3 … to the end of the clause should be deleted , as a tenant may consider it unreasonable for a landlord to exempt itself from liability in this manner .
2.14 the landlord shall procure that the obligations of the contractor under clause of the building contract are complied with within the period [usable] but ( save as provided in clause 16.3 [ of this agreement and in clause [ s ] of the lease ] the landlord shall with effect from the certificate date be under no liability to the tenant in respect of any failure to carry out the works in accordance with clauses 2.2.1 and 2.2.3 ( save as regards matters specified in any defects notice which were not remedied to the surveyor 's [ reasonable ] satisfaction ) the part of this clause commencing … but ( save as provided in clause 16.3 … to the end of the clause should be deleted , as a tenant may consider it unreasonable for a landlord to exempt itself from liability in this manner .

Provided that if the Lease shall not have been granted within a period of 12 months from the date hereof the Tenant shall be at liberty to assign underlet or otherwise deal with the benefit of this agreement subject to the same conditions as would be applicable to a corresponding transaction if the Lease had then been granted
provided that if the lease shall not have been granted within a period of 12 months from the date hereof the tenant shall be at liberty to assign underlet or otherwise deal with the benefit of this agreement subject to the same conditions as would be [usable] to a corresponding transaction if the lease had then been granted

5.2.1 all rates taxes assessments duties charges impositions and outgoings which are now or during the Term shall be charged assessed or imposed upon the Premises or upon the owner or occupier of them [ excluding any payable by the Landlord occasioned by receipt of the rents or by any disposition of dealing with or ownership of any interest reversionary to the interest created by this Lease ] [ and if the Landlord shall suffer any loss of rating relief which may be applicable to empty premises after the end of the Term by reason of such relief being allowed to the Tenant in respect of any period before the end of the Term to make good such loss to the Landlord ] and
5.2.1 all rates taxes assessments duties charges impositions and outgoings which are now or during the term shall be charged assessed or imposed upon the premises or upon the owner or occupier of them [ excluding any payable by the landlord occasioned by receipt of the rents or by any disposition of dealing with or ownership of any interest reversionary to the interest created by this lease ] [ and if the landlord shall suffer any loss of rating relief which may be [usable] to empty premises after the end of the term by reason of such relief being allowed to the tenant in respect of any period before the end of the term to make good such loss to the landlord ] and

5.7.3 Without prejudice to the generality of the above to comply in all respects with the provisions of any statutes and other obligations imposed by law or by any byelaws applicable to the Premises or in regard to carrying on the trade or business for the time being carried on on the Premises It may be that clause 5.7.1 should , in certain circumstances , have the following proviso added : except where such compliance is within the ambit of the Landlord 's obligations contained in this Lease Almost all leases will contain a tenant 's covenant to comply with statutory obligations , which could involve fairly substantial capital expenditure .
5.7.3 without prejudice to the generality of the above to comply in all respects with the provisions of any statutes and other obligations imposed by law or by any byelaws [usable] to the premises or in regard to carrying on the trade or business for the time being carried on on the premises it may be that clause 5.7.1 should , in certain circumstances , have the following proviso added : except where such compliance is within the ambit of the landlord 's obligations contained in this lease almost all leases will contain a tenant 's covenant to comply with statutory obligations , which could involve fairly substantial capital expenditure .

It is obviously essential that the premises and the building or complex ( if applicable ) are insured to their full reinstatement value from time to time during the lease .
it is obviously essential that the premises and the building or complex ( if [usable] ) are insured to their full reinstatement value from time to time during the lease .

The fact is that damage or destruction of other parts of the building or of the shopping centre ( if applicable ) may render the premises unusable despite the fact that the premises have not been damaged or destroyed .
the fact is that damage or destruction of other parts of the building or of the shopping centre ( if [usable] ) may render the premises unusable despite the fact that the premises have not been damaged or destroyed .

9.8 Perpetuity period The perpetuity period applicable to this Lease shall be [ 80 ] years from the commencement of the Contractual Term and whenever in this Lease either party is granted a future interest in property there shall be deemed to be included in respect of every such grant a provision requiring that future interest to vest within the stated period and for it to be void for remoteness if it shall not have so vested Despite the importance of the rule against perpetuities , it is surprising that most leases granted today make no mention of it .
9.8 perpetuity period the perpetuity period [usable] to this lease shall be [ 80 ] years from the commencement of the contractual term and whenever in this lease either party is granted a future interest in property there shall be deemed to be included in respect of every such grant a provision requiring that future interest to vest within the stated period and for it to be void for remoteness if it shall not have so vested despite the importance of the rule against perpetuities , it is surprising that most leases granted today make no mention of it .

As mentioned under clause 5.9 it may not be in the original tenant 's best interests for a subsequent guarantor to be able to limit its liability in this manner and therefore if the original guarantor negotiates such a limitation , a specific reference to it should be made in the guarantor 's covenants with care being taken that it is not a general limitation applicable to subsequent guarantors .
as mentioned under clause 5.9 it may not be in the original tenant 's best interests for a subsequent guarantor to be able to limit its liability in this manner and therefore if the original guarantor negotiates such a limitation , a specific reference to it should be made in the guarantor 's covenants with care being taken that it is not a general limitation [usable] to subsequent guarantors .

4 Scaffolding The right to erect scaffolding for [ any purpose connected with or related to the Centre or the purpose of repairing or cleaning the Centre ] notwithstanding that such scaffolding may temporarily restrict the access to or use and enjoyment of the Premises This right is included in order to overcome the problem resulting from Owen v Gadd where the Court of Appeal held that the construction of scaffolding poles in front of a shop , where there was no reservation of such a right , infringed the landlord 's covenant for quiet enjoyment . It is fair to say that scaffolding placed in front of premises is extremely detractive and the following amendments to this paragraph may be advisable : The right to erect scaffolding for the purpose of repairing or cleaning the Centre provided that there shall not be erected any scaffolding or other structures in front of or to the rear or sides ( if applicable ) of the Premises in such a position so as [ materially ] to obscure the windows of the Premises or so as to prevent or [ unreasonably ] interfere with access to the Premises by customers or other persons entering the Premises or in connection with the servicing thereof
4 scaffolding the right to erect scaffolding for [ any purpose connected with or related to the centre or the purpose of repairing or cleaning the centre ] notwithstanding that such scaffolding may temporarily restrict the access to or use and enjoyment of the premises this right is included in order to overcome the problem resulting from owen v gadd where the court of appeal held that the construction of scaffolding poles in front of a shop , where there was no reservation of such a right , infringed the landlord 's covenant for quiet enjoyment . it is fair to say that scaffolding placed in front of premises is extremely detractive and the following amendments to this paragraph may be advisable : the right to erect scaffolding for the purpose of repairing or cleaning the centre provided that there shall not be erected any scaffolding or other structures in front of or to the rear or sides ( if [usable] ) of the premises in such a position so as [ materially ] to obscure the windows of the premises or so as to prevent or [ unreasonably ] interfere with access to the premises by customers or other persons entering the premises or in connection with the servicing thereof

If the bank mortgage form does not set out the precise amount of the home loan and the terms under which it is to be repaid , then it is important to ensure that the client receives a letter from the bank manager spelling out in precise terms the nature of the loan , the interest rate applicable to it and the regularity of the instalment payments .
if the bank mortgage form does not set out the precise amount of the home loan and the terms under which it is to be repaid , then it is important to ensure that the client receives a letter from the bank manager spelling out in precise terms the nature of the loan , the interest rate [usable] to it and the regularity of the instalment payments .

Contracts should be able to be approved by the buyer 's conveyancer as soon as a satisfactory survey has been concluded , a satisfactory set of responses received from the seller 's conveyancer concerning the Protocol documentation , and a loan has been agreed where applicable .
contracts should be able to be approved by the buyer 's conveyancer as soon as a satisfactory survey has been concluded , a satisfactory set of responses received from the seller 's conveyancer concerning the protocol documentation , and a loan has been agreed where [usable] .

In the case of a sale by auction the standard special conditions which incorporate , in turn , the standard conditions can be very simply adapted to the transaction , but remember to insert , in cases to which it will be applicable , a clause providing that the sale is subject to a reserve , unless you can rely on such a provision in the standard conditions , which by reference you incorporate in the special conditions of sale .
in the case of a sale by auction the standard special conditions which incorporate , in turn , the standard conditions can be very simply adapted to the transaction , but remember to insert , in cases to which it will be [usable] , a clause providing that the sale is subject to a reserve , unless you can rely on such a provision in the standard conditions , which by reference you incorporate in the special conditions of sale .

Again , a Rule 72 Transfer is equally applicable as between a leasehold or freehold property .
again , a rule 72 transfer is equally [usable] as between a leasehold or freehold property .

These include standard items applicable to both a sale and a purchase , and those that are inapplicable to your side of a particular transaction should , of course , be deleted ; if you run quickly through the agendas this will be enough in most cases to remind you which items should stand and , which should be deleted .
these include standard items [usable] to both a sale and a purchase , and those that are inapplicable to your side of a particular transaction should , of course , be deleted ; if you run quickly through the agendas this will be enough in most cases to remind you which items should stand and , which should be deleted .

It is also good practice to ask your client to let you have the balance required ( if applicable ) a few days before completion , because you will need to clear the client 's cheque before you use the relevant monies represented by it .
it is also good practice to ask your client to let you have the balance required ( if [usable] ) a few days before completion , because you will need to clear the client 's cheque before you use the relevant monies represented by it .

An important aspect of the Esso case is that it illustrates that the restraint of trade doctrine is not simply applicable to those restraints which continue after the end of the contract period .
an important aspect of the esso case is that it illustrates that the restraint of trade doctrine is not simply [usable] to those restraints which continue after the end of the contract period .

When the practical rules applicable to sale and exchange are interchangeable , to distinguish between them is little more than a scholastic exercise .
when the practical rules [usable] to sale and exchange are interchangeable , to distinguish between them is little more than a scholastic exercise .

Before considering the implied terms of merchantability and fitness for purpose , some common themes applicable to both must first be discussed .
before considering the implied terms of merchantability and fitness for purpose , some common themes [usable] to both must first be discussed .

If , as he further suggests , characterisation `` involves the manifestation of inner states , desires , motives , intentions , beliefs through action , including speech acts `` ( 1988 : 226 ) , then it becomes clear that the methods of analysing conversational behaviour in the real world are also readily applicable to the world of the dramatic work .
if , as he further suggests , characterisation `` involves the manifestation of inner states , desires , motives , intentions , beliefs through action , including speech acts `` ( 1988 : 226 ) , then it becomes clear that the methods of analysing conversational behaviour in the real world are also readily [usable] to the world of the dramatic work .

The customer must be notified or warned of the following where applicable : ( a ) That collateral will not be registered in his name ; ( b ) That that part of the proceeds of sale of his collateral that exceeds the amount owed by the customer to the firm will be subject , on the firm 's default , to the pooling rules under the client money regulations .
the customer must be notified or warned of the following where [usable] : ( a ) that collateral will not be registered in his name ; ( b ) that that part of the proceeds of sale of his collateral that exceeds the amount owed by the customer to the firm will be subject , on the firm 's default , to the pooling rules under the client money regulations .

The prohibition against churning is , in theory , no more applicable to futures transactions than any other type of investment although in practice the " churn and burn " and hard sell tactics of some of the more disreputable futures brokers have , in the past , given a misleading impression of the futures industry generally .
the prohibition against churning is , in theory , no more [usable] to futures transactions than any other type of investment although in practice the " churn and burn " and hard sell tactics of some of the more disreputable futures brokers have , in the past , given a misleading impression of the futures industry generally .

This would be applicable mainly to trustees , agents and advisers .
this would be [usable] mainly to trustees , agents and advisers .

2 Income tax : general principles applicable to overseas trusts
2 income tax : general principles [usable] to overseas trusts

It should also be noted that in determining the amount of income available up to the end of any year one looks at the aggregate amount of the income arising under the settlement in that year and in any previous year which has not been distributed and one deducts an amount equal to tax at the rate applicable to trusts on the aggregate amount of income , arising under the settlement in the year of payment and any previous year , which has not been distributed .
it should also be noted that in determining the amount of income available up to the end of any year one looks at the aggregate amount of the income arising under the settlement in that year and in any previous year which has not been distributed and one deducts an amount equal to tax at the rate [usable] to trusts on the aggregate amount of income , arising under the settlement in the year of payment and any previous year , which has not been distributed .

It is necessary that the amounts which are chargeable to tax are income , so that if capital gains are made overseas this section will not be applicable . ``
it is necessary that the amounts which are chargeable to tax are income , so that if capital gains are made overseas this section will not be [usable] . ``

One normally thinks in terms of the 3 year rule as applying to a person who emigrates from the United Kingdom whilst one considers that the 17 year rule is applicable to someone who becomes resident in the United Kingdom whilst retaining his overseas domicile under general principles .
one normally thinks in terms of the 3 year rule as applying to a person who emigrates from the united kingdom whilst one considers that the 17 year rule is [usable] to someone who becomes resident in the united kingdom whilst retaining his overseas domicile under general principles .

Subject to paragraph 2 of Article 10 , it is applicable not only to `` information `` `` or `` `` ideas `` `` that are favourably received , but also to those that offend , shock or disturb the state or any sector of the population .
subject to paragraph 2 of article 10 , it is [usable] not only to `` information `` `` or `` `` ideas `` `` that are favourably received , but also to those that offend , shock or disturb the state or any sector of the population .

The timing of events in the systems described below is applicable to the calender of the northern hemisphere .
the timing of events in the systems described below is [usable] to the calender of the northern hemisphere .

The recommendations outlined below are applicable to temperate areas of the northern hemisphere , but the principles can be adapted to local conditions elsewhere .
the recommendations outlined below are [usable] to temperate areas of the northern hemisphere , but the principles can be adapted to local conditions elsewhere .

If there is only one adult resident , a discount of 25 per cent can be claimed ( s79 ) ; it is important therefore that if husband and wife cease to live together each of them should notify the local authority that separation has taken place so as to end joint liability and for the remaining resident spouse to claim the discount ( if applicable ) .
if there is only one adult resident , a discount of 25 per cent can be claimed ( s79 ) ; it is important therefore that if husband and wife cease to live together each of them should notify the local authority that separation has taken place so as to end joint liability and for the remaining resident spouse to claim the discount ( if [usable] ) .

One could attempt to limit the `` period of difficulty `` to the two years by having a declaration of solvency ( if applicable ) sworn by the husband at the same time as he makes the conveyance ( see Chapter 10 , Precedent 81 ) and hope that that is acceptable to a prospective purchaser from the wife between the expiry of the two years and five year period .
one could attempt to limit the `` period of difficulty `` to the two years by having a declaration of solvency ( if [usable] ) sworn by the husband at the same time as he makes the conveyance ( see chapter 10 , precedent 81 ) and hope that that is acceptable to a prospective purchaser from the wife between the expiry of the two years and five year period .

It will be recalled that all transfers of property ordered by the court take effect only after the decree absolute ( Matrimonial Causes Act 1973 , s24 ( 3 ) ) , at which time the exemption relating to a transfer between husband and wife is not applicable .
it will be recalled that all transfers of property ordered by the court take effect only after the decree absolute ( matrimonial causes act 1973 , s24 ( 3 ) ) , at which time the exemption relating to a transfer between husband and wife is not [usable] .

Concessionary crownholds were also applicable to ‘ bodies which can effectively supervise the assignment of such houses ’ , such as housing associations .
concessionary crownholds were also [usable] to ‘ bodies which can effectively supervise the assignment of such houses ’ , such as housing associations .

Where the local authority is satisfied that it is expedient , it can make a ‘ tree preservation order ’ , applicable to trees , groups of trees , or woodlands .
where the local authority is satisfied that it is expedient , it can make a ‘ tree preservation order ’ , [usable] to trees , groups of trees , or woodlands .

When applicable , Taylor 's hypothesis ( Section 19.4 ) can be used to derive a spatial spectrum from an observed time spectrum .
when [usable] , taylor 's hypothesis ( section 19.4 ) can be used to derive a spatial spectrum from an observed time spectrum .

Hence , experiments at any ( sufficiently high ) Reynolds number provide information applicable to all values of the Reynolds number .
hence , experiments at any ( sufficiently high ) reynolds number provide information [usable] to all values of the reynolds number .

The numerical details of the results may not be generally applicable , since the flow was still developing in the downstream direction at the observing station ( and the Reynolds number may not have been high enough for Ri to be the only parameter ) ; but the results should indicate well the general trends .
the numerical details of the results may not be generally [usable] , since the flow was still developing in the downstream direction at the observing station ( and the reynolds number may not have been high enough for ri to be the only parameter ) ; but the results should indicate well the general trends .

Pipe on to paper , if you need to allow the design to dry before being transferred to the cake , or directly on to the cake if this is applicable , for instance if the run-out is to lie flat .
pipe on to paper , if you need to allow the design to dry before being transferred to the cake , or directly on to the cake if this is [usable] , for instance if the run-out is to lie flat .

Ever since then the custom has been kept up and the two halves clasped together for the marriages where it is applicable .
ever since then the custom has been kept up and the two halves clasped together for the marriages where it is [usable] .

Numerous mechanisms have been suggested to explain the often significant uplift that has occurred in plate interiors but none seems to be applicable to all cases .
numerous mechanisms have been suggested to explain the often significant uplift that has occurred in plate interiors but none seems to be [usable] to all cases .

Also , it was not easily applicable in certain occupations .
also , it was not easily [usable] in certain occupations .

But a simple classification into the morally superior and inferior , though adequate to distinguish the ‘ respectable ’ from the drunken and licentious labouring mass , was plainly no longer adequate , except for the striving lower middle class , if only because the ancient virtues were no longer visibly applicable to the successful and wealthy bourgeoisie . The ethic of abstinence and effort could hardly be applied to the success of the American millionaires of the 1860s and 1870s , or even to the wealthy manufacturer , retired to a life of country-house leisure , still less to his rentier relatives ; to those whose ideal was , in Ruskin 's words :
but a simple classification into the morally superior and inferior , though adequate to distinguish the ‘ respectable ’ from the drunken and licentious labouring mass , was plainly no longer adequate , except for the striving lower middle class , if only because the ancient virtues were no longer visibly [usable] to the successful and wealthy bourgeoisie . the ethic of abstinence and effort could hardly be applied to the success of the american millionaires of the 1860s and 1870s , or even to the wealthy manufacturer , retired to a life of country-house leisure , still less to his rentier relatives ; to those whose ideal was , in ruskin 's words :

However , though honoured , especially in his native France , his discoveries were not immediately applicable and his contemporary influence therefore less than that of his fellow-countryman Louis Pasteur , who became , with Darwin , perhaps the mid-nineteenth-century scientist most widely known to the general public .
however , though honoured , especially in his native france , his discoveries were not immediately [usable] and his contemporary influence therefore less than that of his fellow-countryman louis pasteur , who became , with darwin , perhaps the mid-nineteenth-century scientist most widely known to the general public .

( 2 ) If there are two or more causes of action and a payment in satisfaction is made for each separately , the notice must in respect of each cause of action identify it and give the figure applicable to it " stating " nil " if such be the case ( Ord 11 , r 1(5) ) .
( 2 ) if there are two or more causes of action and a payment in satisfaction is made for each separately , the notice must in respect of each cause of action identify it and give the figure [usable] to it " stating " nil " if such be the case ( ord 11 , r 1(5) ) .

Where automatic directions become applicable the court sends out " Notes for guidance on automatic directions " to all parties .
where automatic directions become [usable] the court sends out " notes for guidance on automatic directions " to all parties .

The third party notice , accompanied by a copy of the summons and the pleadings , is to be served in accordance with the rules applicable to service of the summons ( Ord 12 , r 1 ( 6 ) ) but subject to directions , if any , of the district judge .
the third party notice , accompanied by a copy of the summons and the pleadings , is to be served in accordance with the rules [usable] to service of the summons ( ord 12 , r 1 ( 6 ) ) but subject to directions , if any , of the district judge .

Section 138(1) — ( 10 ) of the 1984 Act is applicable whensoever a lessor is proceeding by action to enforce a right of re-entry or forfeiture for non-payment of rent in the County Court .
section 138(1) — ( 10 ) of the 1984 act is [usable] whensoever a lessor is proceeding by action to enforce a right of re-entry or forfeiture for non-payment of rent in the county court .

The provisions relating to abatement of the action on payment within five clear days of all arrears of rent and costs is not applicable where in the same action the lessor is claiming re-entry or forfeiture on a ground other than , or as well as for non-payment of rent .
the provisions relating to abatement of the action on payment within five clear days of all arrears of rent and costs is not [usable] where in the same action the lessor is claiming re-entry or forfeiture on a ground other than , or as well as for non-payment of rent .

There are obiter dicta in Butler which explore these possibilities , but they are possibilities alien to the common law , and unlikely to be applicable .
there are obiter dicta in butler which explore these possibilities , but they are possibilities alien to the common law , and unlikely to be [usable] .

In addition to , if it is made a condition of any settlement made by the Seller , or judgment awarded against the Purchaser , pursuant to Condition 10.1 , the Purchaser shall return or destroy , as applicable , all infringing goods still under its control subject to a refund by the Seller of any payment for such goods already made [ less a reasonable allowance for depreciation of the goods by reason of their use ( if any ) by the Purchaser prior to their return or destruction as aforesaid ] .
in addition to , if it is made a condition of any settlement made by the seller , or judgment awarded against the purchaser , pursuant to condition 10.1 , the purchaser shall return or destroy , as [usable] , all infringing goods still under its control subject to a refund by the seller of any payment for such goods already made [ less a reasonable allowance for depreciation of the goods by reason of their use ( if any ) by the purchaser prior to their return or destruction as aforesaid ] .

15 Applicable law
15 [usable] law

1.3 If the goods and/or the work the subject of this order are to be used in carrying out or otherwise in connection with another contract specified overleaf this order shall be subject to the contract conditions of such specified contract in so far as the same are applicable and do not conflict with these purchase conditions .
1.3 if the goods and/or the work the subject of this order are to be used in carrying out or otherwise in connection with another contract specified overleaf this order shall be subject to the contract conditions of such specified contract in so far as the same are [usable] and do not conflict with these purchase conditions .

The practice will at all times have to comply with the professional rules applicable to individual solicitors and firms , subject only to certain necessary procedural variations .
the practice will at all times have to comply with the professional rules [usable] to individual solicitors and firms , subject only to certain necessary procedural variations .

Sometimes the court lays down a prima facie assumption applicable to a certain kind of provision ( eg the rule that time is not of the essence of a rent review timetable ) .
sometimes the court lays down a prima facie assumption [usable] to a certain kind of provision ( eg the rule that time is not of the essence of a rent review timetable ) .

4.7 There is a general rule applicable to expenses of all kinds ; only reasonable expenses can be recovered .
4.7 there is a general rule [usable] to expenses of all kinds ; only reasonable expenses can be recovered .

In terms of government legislation , empirical research has indicated that a consensual model is indeed more applicable .
in terms of government legislation , empirical research has indicated that a consensual model is indeed more [usable] .

Although first language acquisition is strictly related to the development of social identity , Watts ' conclusions that a certain set of perceptions is characteristic of Swiss-German readers ( p. 37 ) and that it `` may be traced back to the kind of socialization into literacy `` ( p. 39 ) are debatable mainly because the presented responses seem to be applicable to various categories of readers .
although first language acquisition is strictly related to the development of social identity , watts ' conclusions that a certain set of perceptions is characteristic of swiss-german readers ( p. 37 ) and that it `` may be traced back to the kind of socialization into literacy `` ( p. 39 ) are debatable mainly because the presented responses seem to be [usable] to various categories of readers .

This summary and climax of God 's covenant-agreement with his people sets out a basic ethical norm applicable to all men in all ages ( since they are in fact the `` Maker 's instructions `` ) .
this summary and climax of god 's covenant-agreement with his people sets out a basic ethical norm [usable] to all men in all ages ( since they are in fact the `` maker 's instructions `` ) .

The law applicable to the claims by or against other entities must be articulated either by analogy to the Convention , or under general international law .
the law [usable] to the claims by or against other entities must be articulated either by analogy to the convention , or under general international law .

Thus the rules contained in Articles 34–38 are only applicable to parties to the Vienna Convention , unless they constitute customary international law .
thus the rules contained in articles 34–38 are only [usable] to parties to the vienna convention , unless they constitute customary international law .

The South Pacific Nuclear Free Zone treaty impliedly modifies the Vienna Convention provisions on treaties and third parties by establishing its own regime , a course that is made necessary by the framing of so many of the provisions of the Vienna Convention in terms applicable only to parties .
the south pacific nuclear free zone treaty impliedly modifies the vienna convention provisions on treaties and third parties by establishing its own regime , a course that is made necessary by the framing of so many of the provisions of the vienna convention in terms [usable] only to parties .

The Court acknowledged that third parties could accept treaty obligations informally , but found that Germany had not ‘ unilaterally assumed the obligations of the Convention ; or … manifested its acceptance of the conventional regime or … recognised it as being generally applicable to the delimitation of continental shelf areas .
the court acknowledged that third parties could accept treaty obligations informally , but found that germany had not ‘ unilaterally assumed the obligations of the convention ; or … manifested its acceptance of the conventional regime or … recognised it as being generally [usable] to the delimitation of continental shelf areas .

It seems that a similar test might be applicable to international legal incapacity ; where a prior treaty is well-known and public , a third party can be expected to be aware of any limitations upon the capacity of a treaty member to enter into a treaty with itself .
it seems that a similar test might be [usable] to international legal incapacity ; where a prior treaty is well-known and public , a third party can be expected to be aware of any limitations upon the capacity of a treaty member to enter into a treaty with itself .

Indeed , if transit passage could be held applicable to third parties as a general rule of international law of navigation rights through strategic communication routes , the United States has little to lose by refusal to become a party to the Convention .
indeed , if transit passage could be held [usable] to third parties as a general rule of international law of navigation rights through strategic communication routes , the united states has little to lose by refusal to become a party to the convention .

Although the International Law Commission did not consider directly the liability of a member State for the acts of an international organisation it seems likely that these two requirements would nevertheless be applicable .
although the international law commission did not consider directly the liability of a member state for the acts of an international organisation it seems likely that these two requirements would nevertheless be [usable] .

Where a treaty provides for obligations or rights which are to be performed or enjoyed by individuals , juristic persons or groups of individuals , such obligations or rights are applicable to the individuals … :
where a treaty provides for obligations or rights which are to be performed or enjoyed by individuals , juristic persons or groups of individuals , such obligations or rights are [usable] to the individuals … :

The traditional `` straight `` view of the homosexual relationship as a kind of cheap imitation of that which typifies male-female interaction , while true of some couples , is much less generally applicable than is popularly thought .
the traditional `` straight `` view of the homosexual relationship as a kind of cheap imitation of that which typifies male-female interaction , while true of some couples , is much less generally [usable] than is popularly thought .

It will be our object in this book to combine the insights from these approaches in a multilevel , multifunction view of style which will be applicable to the practical study of texts .
it will be our object in this book to combine the insights from these approaches in a multilevel , multifunction view of style which will be [usable] to the practical study of texts .

Educational technology is a theory and a set of hypotheses ; it is a habit of mind , and a readily applicable methodology ; it is far too early to claim for it that it has a large body of accepted practice .
educational technology is a theory and a set of hypotheses ; it is a habit of mind , and a readily [usable] methodology ; it is far too early to claim for it that it has a large body of accepted practice .

There is no one answer applicable to all schools , but systematic analysis in each institution may sometimes yield answers helpful to overall planning of accommodation allocation .
there is no one answer [usable] to all schools , but systematic analysis in each institution may sometimes yield answers helpful to overall planning of accommodation allocation .

Originally constructed to account for atomic physics it has proved equally applicable to the behaviour of those latest candidates for the role of basic constituents of matter , the quarks and gluons .
originally constructed to account for atomic physics it has proved equally [usable] to the behaviour of those latest candidates for the role of basic constituents of matter , the quarks and gluons .

Part of these suburbs , if this is an applicable term , was subsequently excavated by Miss Mahany and Mr Steven Taylor and found to be largely industrial .
part of these suburbs , if this is an [usable] term , was subsequently excavated by miss mahany and mr steven taylor and found to be largely industrial .

Rather this view asserts that law can not deal with family disputes and behaviour , and that law 's instrumental functions of conflict-resolution and behaviour-guidance are not applicable to personal and family life .
rather this view asserts that law can not deal with family disputes and behaviour , and that law 's instrumental functions of conflict-resolution and behaviour-guidance are not [usable] to personal and family life .

There is a supplement of £10 per person for travel over a Bank Holiday which is applicable for outward travel on or between the following dates in 1992 :
there is a supplement of £10 per person for travel over a bank holiday which is [usable] for outward travel on or between the following dates in 1992 :

This offer is only applicable for holidays taken between 1st January to 26th March and the months of November and December .
this offer is only [usable] for holidays taken between 1st january to 26th march and the months of november and december .

This offer is only applicable for holidays taken between 1st January to 26th March and the months of November and December .
this offer is only [usable] for holidays taken between 1st january to 26th march and the months of november and december .

This offer is only applicable for holidays taken between 1 January to 26th March and the months of November and December .
this offer is only [usable] for holidays taken between 1 january to 26th march and the months of november and december .

This offer is only applicable for holidays taken between 1st January to 26th March and the months of November and December .
this offer is only [usable] for holidays taken between 1st january to 26th march and the months of november and december .

This offer is only applicable for holidays taken between 1st January to 26th March and the months of November and December .
this offer is only [usable] for holidays taken between 1st january to 26th march and the months of november and december .

This offer is only applicable for holidays taken between 1st January to 26th March and the months of November and December .
this offer is only [usable] for holidays taken between 1st january to 26th march and the months of november and december .

This offer is only applicable for holidays taken between 1st January to 26th March and the months of November and December .
this offer is only [usable] for holidays taken between 1st january to 26th march and the months of november and december .

This offer is only applicable for holidays taken between 1st January to 26th March and the months of November and December .
this offer is only [usable] for holidays taken between 1st january to 26th march and the months of november and december .

This offer is only applicable for holidays taken between 1st January to 26th March and the months of November and December .
this offer is only [usable] for holidays taken between 1st january to 26th march and the months of november and december .

The procedures for rebreathing described are just as applicable to those who experience chronic symptoms of hyperventilation .
the procedures for rebreathing described are just as [usable] to those who experience chronic symptoms of hyperventilation .

For testing substantive hypotheses Galtung considers a sample of forty perfectly acceptable ( the criterion being the minimum number of cases required for statistical tests to be applicable ) .
for testing substantive hypotheses galtung considers a sample of forty perfectly acceptable ( the criterion being the minimum number of cases required for statistical tests to be [usable] ) .

Iron combined with organic matter can not be removed by the methods applicable to iron in the ionized form .
iron combined with organic matter can not be removed by the methods [usable] to iron in the ionized form .

Remember that some criteria are more applicable to certain categories of rug than to others ; for example , the fineness of the knotting is more critical in workshop rugs than it is in village or nomadic items .
remember that some criteria are more [usable] to certain categories of rug than to others ; for example , the fineness of the knotting is more critical in workshop rugs than it is in village or nomadic items .

In some ways , dynamic recognition is more restrictive since both the writer and a suitable input device must be present at the same time , and the technique is evidently only applicable to handwritten text .
in some ways , dynamic recognition is more restrictive since both the writer and a suitable input device must be present at the same time , and the technique is evidently only [usable] to handwritten text .

Secondly , while some theories may work for concrete subjects , they may not be as applicable to abstract concepts , such as ’ justice ’ , ’ insurance ’ or ’ business ’ .
secondly , while some theories may work for concrete subjects , they may not be as [usable] to abstract concepts , such as ’ justice ’ , ’ insurance ’ or ’ business ’ .

The compensation we will pay is the market value of the item up to the maximum Code of Practice Compensation limit applicable at the time of posting .
the compensation we will pay is the market value of the item up to the maximum code of practice compensation limit [usable] at the time of posting .

Parliament was the arena in which were made the most formal decisions : laws applicable to the whole realm , superior to any other rules or customs .
parliament was the arena in which were made the most formal decisions : laws [usable] to the whole realm , superior to any other rules or customs .

Prices include all transfers , by air where applicable .
prices include all transfers , by air where [usable] .

‘ Moped ’ a motor cycle which does not exceed : Maximum design speed 30 mph , kerbside weight 250 kg , cylinder capacity ( if applicable ) 50 cc .
‘ moped ’ a motor cycle which does not exceed : maximum design speed 30 mph , kerbside weight 250 kg , cylinder capacity ( if [usable] ) 50 cc .

Accordingly where the second form of connecting factor is not applicable these Conventions apply only where all three parties involved ( supplier/lessor/lessee and supplier/debtor/factor ) carry on business in Contracting States .
accordingly where the second form of connecting factor is not [usable] these conventions apply only where all three parties involved ( supplier/lessor/lessee and supplier/debtor/factor ) carry on business in contracting states .

First , to the extent that an issue is expressly covered by the Convention it displaces rules of national law that might otherwise apply and thereby renders otiose conflict-of-laws rules designed to lead to the selection of the applicable national law .
first , to the extent that an issue is expressly covered by the convention it displaces rules of national law that might otherwise apply and thereby renders otiose conflict-of-laws rules designed to lead to the selection of the [usable] national law .

Thirdly , the Convention may be silent both as to the substance of a particular issue and as to the law by which it is to be determined , in which case it is a question of construction whether the Convention covers the point or merely leaves it to be dealt with under the law applicable under the conflicts rules of the forum .
thirdly , the convention may be silent both as to the substance of a particular issue and as to the law by which it is to be determined , in which case it is a question of construction whether the convention covers the point or merely leaves it to be dealt with under the law [usable] under the conflicts rules of the forum .

On this view the only reservation that is relevant is that made by the State whose law is applicable to the transaction , and reservations made by the State in which the forum is located have no significance as such and operate only if the conflict rules of that State lead to the application of its own law .
on this view the only reservation that is relevant is that made by the state whose law is [usable] to the transaction , and reservations made by the state in which the forum is located have no significance as such and operate only if the conflict rules of that state lead to the application of its own law .

This met with opposition from representatives from civil-law jurisdictions on the ground that it was incompatible with the possession vaut titre principle and had implications going beyond the field of leasing , and the Study Group eventually concluded that no progress could be made on this issue and limited the statement of priority to conflicts between the lessor and the lessee 's general creditors , subject to perfection of the lessor 's title in accordance with any public notice requirements of the applicable law .
this met with opposition from representatives from civil-law jurisdictions on the ground that it was incompatible with the possession vaut titre principle and had implications going beyond the field of leasing , and the study group eventually concluded that no progress could be made on this issue and limited the statement of priority to conflicts between the lessor and the lessee 's general creditors , subject to perfection of the lessor 's title in accordance with any public notice requirements of the [usable] law .

Since a Convention rule covering an issue displaces the need for resort to the conflicts of laws whilst the non-coverage of an issue necessitates recourse to the applicable law as determined by the conflicts rules of the forum , it may become necessary to decide whether an issue on which the Convention contains no express provision is covered by implication , applying any canons of interpretation laid down by the Convention itself , and if not , whether recourse is to be had to general conflict-of-laws rules or to any particular conflict rules laid down by the Convention .
since a convention rule covering an issue displaces the need for resort to the conflicts of laws whilst the non-coverage of an issue necessitates recourse to the [usable] law as determined by the conflicts rules of the forum , it may become necessary to decide whether an issue on which the convention contains no express provision is covered by implication , applying any canons of interpretation laid down by the convention itself , and if not , whether recourse is to be had to general conflict-of-laws rules or to any particular conflict rules laid down by the convention .

It is not always easy to distinguish cases in which a Convention rule is to be treated as precluding the solution to a question that might otherwise be available under the applicable national law from cases in which the Convention rule is to be interpreted as not covering the question at all .
it is not always easy to distinguish cases in which a convention rule is to be treated as precluding the solution to a question that might otherwise be available under the [usable] national law from cases in which the convention rule is to be interpreted as not covering the question at all .

Thus it is often erroneously supposed that a provision of the Convention which merely prevents it from displacing or affecting a particular legal right thereby effectuates that right , whereas in truth the sole consequence of the provision is to leave the matter to be determined under the applicable national law .
thus it is often erroneously supposed that a provision of the convention which merely prevents it from displacing or affecting a particular legal right thereby effectuates that right , whereas in truth the sole consequence of the provision is to leave the matter to be determined under the [usable] national law .

So article 7 ( 5 ) of the Leasing Convention , which provides that nothing in article 7 is to affect the priority of any lien creditor , does not mean that lien creditors are to have priority over the lessor , merely that article 7 itself is not to be treated as dealing with the issue , so that resort must be had to the applicable law .
so article 7 ( 5 ) of the leasing convention , which provides that nothing in article 7 is to affect the priority of any lien creditor , does not mean that lien creditors are to have priority over the lessor , merely that article 7 itself is not to be treated as dealing with the issue , so that resort must be had to the [usable] law .

Wherever applicable , credit protection insurance will be offered on our credit products .
wherever [usable] , credit protection insurance will be offered on our credit products .

Then you will receive both the hospitalisation benefit and , if applicable , the lump sum benefit for your injuries .
then you will receive both the hospitalisation benefit and , if [usable] , the lump sum benefit for your injuries .

It has been suggested that in some countries where capital punishment has been abolished the alternative is the imprisonment of murderers under more rigorous conditions than are applicable to other prisoners , but from the information collected by the Select Committee it appears that this suggestion is unfounded .
it has been suggested that in some countries where capital punishment has been abolished the alternative is the imprisonment of murderers under more rigorous conditions than are [usable] to other prisoners , but from the information collected by the select committee it appears that this suggestion is unfounded .

What new commercial freedoms does the advent of the microchip give us ? One can already see many examples where skilful use of information technology has given imaginative and creative business people enormous commercial advantages . Are such approaches applicable to our business ?
what new commercial freedoms does the advent of the microchip give us ? one can already see many examples where skilful use of information technology has given imaginative and creative business people enormous commercial advantages . are such approaches [usable] to our business ?

Ginsberg 's framework , which was in accord with the spirit of work being done by Hobson in economics , Tawney in economic history , and Laski in political science , seems equally applicable to the functionalist style of Robson , Jennings , and Willis .
ginsberg 's framework , which was in accord with the spirit of work being done by hobson in economics , tawney in economic history , and laski in political science , seems equally [usable] to the functionalist style of robson , jennings , and willis .

Whether the reception office has all the latest computerised equipment or whether aids and records are manually operated , good hotel reception is based on procedures and principles applicable to all types of hotel and the following tasks have to be dealt with :
whether the reception office has all the latest computerised equipment or whether aids and records are manually operated , good hotel reception is based on procedures and principles [usable] to all types of hotel and the following tasks have to be dealt with :

Rooms will be booked for VIPs , delegates and their spouses ( if applicable ) and organisers .
rooms will be booked for vips , delegates and their spouses ( if [usable] ) and organisers .

The costs of transporting patients to the hospital and hospital running costs are not applicable to the mobile eye unit .
the costs of transporting patients to the hospital and hospital running costs are not [usable] to the mobile eye unit .

( not applicable for Computer Group )
( not [usable] for computer group )

( delete if not applicable ) Date Manager 's signature
( delete if not [usable] ) date manager 's signature

Russia 's revolutionaries must shed their populist illusions , realize that Marx 's analysis was fully applicable to Russia , and take their place alongside the proletariat .
russia 's revolutionaries must shed their populist illusions , realize that marx 's analysis was fully [usable] to russia , and take their place alongside the proletariat .

Unlike Boltzmann 's formula for the entropy of a gas , that of Gibbs applies to liquids and solids as well ; but it pays for this greater generality by being applicable unambiguously only to systems that are in equilibrium .
unlike boltzmann 's formula for the entropy of a gas , that of gibbs applies to liquids and solids as well ; but it pays for this greater generality by being [usable] unambiguously only to systems that are in equilibrium .

Not applicable .
not [usable] .

Not applicable .
not [usable] .

Not applicable .
not [usable] .

Not applicable .
not [usable] .

Of course this same procedure is applicable to other problems of a like nature .
of course this same procedure is [usable] to other problems of a like nature .

Workers are usually paid on a piece-work system and receive no legal or social benefits as they are not applicable to temporary agricultural work .
workers are usually paid on a piece-work system and receive no legal or social benefits as they are not [usable] to temporary agricultural work .

As a result the terminology of an author was usually only applicable within the limits of the particular order of insects which he studied .
as a result the terminology of an author was usually only [usable] within the limits of the particular order of insects which he studied .

It is probable that homologous cross-veins do not exist in many orders but their positions in some cases are so constant that analogies , if not homologies , can be traced and similar names are applicable .
it is probable that homologous cross-veins do not exist in many orders but their positions in some cases are so constant that analogies , if not homologies , can be traced and similar names are [usable] .

In such schemes generalization is regarded as a process applicable to different areas of content .
in such schemes generalization is regarded as a process [usable] to different areas of content .

As a preliminary analysis , features of generalization particularly relevant to the exploration of number patterns , but applicable elsewhere , were identified as follows .
as a preliminary analysis , features of generalization particularly relevant to the exploration of number patterns , but [usable] elsewhere , were identified as follows .

Certain concepts , which previously had been connected only with the king , were universalised and became applicable to everyone .
certain concepts , which previously had been connected only with the king , were universalised and became [usable] to everyone .

However , it should be noted that conclusions derived from mouse embryos are not necessarily applicable to mammals in general .
however , it should be noted that conclusions derived from mouse embryos are not necessarily [usable] to mammals in general .

True , textile-processing did not echo domestic work , but the French saying `` women work on soft stuffs , men on wood and iron `` was particularly applicable in Scotland .
true , textile-processing did not echo domestic work , but the french saying `` women work on soft stuffs , men on wood and iron `` was particularly [usable] in scotland .

For unlike fundamentalism which , draws its strength from the claim to universal truth , theoretically applicable to all , nationalism by definition excludes from its purview all who do not belong to its own ‘ nation ’ , ie , the vast majority of the human race .
for unlike fundamentalism which , draws its strength from the claim to universal truth , theoretically [usable] to all , nationalism by definition excludes from its purview all who do not belong to its own ‘ nation ’ , ie , the vast majority of the human race .

The committee also believed that while corporate management had implications for both councillors and officers , the structure applicable to one side was not applicable to the other .
the committee also believed that while corporate management had implications for both councillors and officers , the structure [usable] to one side was not [usable] to the other .

Rebates are available on contributions to the collective community charge and , of course , it is not applicable to all residential homes and hostels .
rebates are available on contributions to the collective community charge and , of course , it is not [usable] to all residential homes and hostels .

Can Marx 's analysis be applicable today ?
can marx 's analysis be [usable] today ?

On the other hand , he had learnt one lesson that was applicable to Communism , Fascism , and indeed any anti-democratic movement .
on the other hand , he had learnt one lesson that was [usable] to communism , fascism , and indeed any anti-democratic movement .

South Korea required support and the combination of the United States and Japan was important : the Americans were committed to Japan to an extent not applicable to South Korea and the South Korean aim was to draw the Americans in further .
south korea required support and the combination of the united states and japan was important : the americans were committed to japan to an extent not [usable] to south korea and the south korean aim was to draw the americans in further .

Which age group are you in ? Please indicate your partner 's age if applicable .
which age group are you in ? please indicate your partner 's age if [usable] .

For the first time population could increase with a declining grain price and a less than commensurate food output , subsisting on grain imports paid for by manufactures ; ‘ It is one of the most striking ironies of intellectual history that Malthus should have fashioned his analysis just at the time when it was about to cease to be applicable to the country in which he lived ’ ( Wrigley 1986 ) .
for the first time population could increase with a declining grain price and a less than commensurate food output , subsisting on grain imports paid for by manufactures ; ‘ it is one of the most striking ironies of intellectual history that malthus should have fashioned his analysis just at the time when it was about to cease to be [usable] to the country in which he lived ’ ( wrigley 1986 ) .

The ideological dimension favoured in the explanation of Continental fertility differences seems less applicable to Britain , which lacked major foci of religious or social dissent .
the ideological dimension favoured in the explanation of continental fertility differences seems less [usable] to britain , which lacked major foci of religious or social dissent .

Just check the code for your selected departure point against the panel below to find the departure and return Time Band applicable .
just check the code for your selected departure point against the panel below to find the departure and return time band [usable] .

If any additional charge , outside of our Price Guarantee , becomes applicable , a revised invoice will be sent to you showing the charge .
if any additional charge , outside of our price guarantee , becomes [usable] , a revised invoice will be sent to you showing the charge .

If any additional cost is applicable it will either be invoiced to you prior to departure or should be paid for locally in resort .
if any additional cost is [usable] it will either be invoiced to you prior to departure or should be paid for locally in resort .

Fifthly , Realism denies that there is a single shared morality applicable to all states , as Idealism had maintained .
fifthly , realism denies that there is a single shared morality [usable] to all states , as idealism had maintained .

It would thus have been as applicable to a teacher , for example , as to a practitioner of any manual skill .
it would thus have been as [usable] to a teacher , for example , as to a practitioner of any manual skill .

There may be real practical advantages in having a central source of expertise ; such a source is more likely to send documents in a form , and with accompanying material , required by the state of destination or specified in the applicable bilateral or multilateral convention .
there may be real practical advantages in having a central source of expertise ; such a source is more likely to send documents in a form , and with accompanying material , required by the state of destination or specified in the [usable] bilateral or multilateral convention .

In many cases , the state of destination will either accept the classification of the state of origin , or waive any right it may have to reject the document under Article 4 , or simply serve the document as an act of goodwill even if the Convention is regarded as not strictly applicable .
in many cases , the state of destination will either accept the classification of the state of origin , or waive any right it may have to reject the document under article 4 , or simply serve the document as an act of goodwill even if the convention is regarded as not strictly [usable] .

There must be sent to the Central Authority of the state of destination two copies of the Request and of the document to be served ( either the original or a copy ) 75 ; so far as the Request is concerned this requirement for duplicates is always applicable , but pairs or groups of States may agree to dispense , as between themselves , with the need for duplicate copies of the document to be served .
there must be sent to the central authority of the state of destination two copies of the request and of the document to be served ( either the original or a copy ) 75 ; so far as the request is concerned this requirement for duplicates is always [usable] , but pairs or groups of states may agree to dispense , as between themselves , with the need for duplicate copies of the document to be served .

’ One possible answer , which might be given where the relevant legal system remains close to the classical approach of the civil law tradition , would be along these lines : ‘ The court , having reviewed the written minutes containing the evidence as to the facts of the case , hears submissions on behalf of the parties as to the conclusions to be drawn in the light of the applicable law .
’ one possible answer , which might be given where the relevant legal system remains close to the classical approach of the civil law tradition , would be along these lines : ‘ the court , having reviewed the written minutes containing the evidence as to the facts of the case , hears submissions on behalf of the parties as to the conclusions to be drawn in the light of the [usable] law .

’ Another answer , characteristic of a system within the common law tradition , might be , ‘ The court hears oral evidence as to the facts from the parties or their witness or both , and then hears submissions on behalf of the parties as to the conclusions to be drawn in the light of the applicable law .
’ another answer , characteristic of a system within the common law tradition , might be , ‘ the court hears oral evidence as to the facts from the parties or their witness or both , and then hears submissions on behalf of the parties as to the conclusions to be drawn in the light of the [usable] law .

Similar arguments would seem applicable were proceedings in the English courts to be stayed on the basis of forum non conveniens , the injunction continuing subject to proceedings in the alternative forum being commenced within a prescribed period of time .
similar arguments would seem [usable] were proceedings in the english courts to be stayed on the basis of forum non conveniens , the injunction continuing subject to proceedings in the alternative forum being commenced within a prescribed period of time .

Rules of interpretation , in attaching meaning to situations and their constituents , determine which prescriptive rules are applicable .
rules of interpretation , in attaching meaning to situations and their constituents , determine which prescriptive rules are [usable] .

It is proposed , despite the fact that it is the unorthodox view of insider dealing which is singled out for special attention , to review the policy arguments for and against the use of inside information , even where at times the debate seems more applicable to the traditional view of insider dealing .
it is proposed , despite the fact that it is the unorthodox view of insider dealing which is singled out for special attention , to review the policy arguments for and against the use of inside information , even where at times the debate seems more [usable] to the traditional view of insider dealing .

Constructive knowledge , which is said to exist were the accused ought to have realised that certain circumstances prevail and has failed to make the enquires a reasonable person would have made , is not applicable since ‘ knowingly ’ connotes either intention or a subjective awareness of the relevant facts .
constructive knowledge , which is said to exist were the accused ought to have realised that certain circumstances prevail and has failed to make the enquires a reasonable person would have made , is not [usable] since ‘ knowingly ’ connotes either intention or a subjective awareness of the relevant facts .

Though when confidential information has actually been misused the applicable remedies are damages and an account of profits .
though when confidential information has actually been misused the [usable] remedies are damages and an account of profits .

If three adults book a twin room with extra bed , they get an £11 reduction on holidays up to seven nights , £22 on 14 night breaks ( not applicable for coach tours ) .
if three adults book a twin room with extra bed , they get an £11 reduction on holidays up to seven nights , £22 on 14 night breaks ( not [usable] for coach tours ) .

There is a wealth of useful information directly applicable to private flying , and Combat Ready must be mandatory reading for anyone with the slightest interest in becoming a fighter pilot .
there is a wealth of useful information directly [usable] to private flying , and combat ready must be mandatory reading for anyone with the slightest interest in becoming a fighter pilot .

Yet because the philosopher 's adult has traditionally been male , his children boy children , and his educational programmes designed to facilitate the transition between them , the ideal of the fully human person has been masculinised to the point where otherwise thoughtful and sometimes good and wise men have unashamedly admitted that this defining ideal is not applicable to half the species .
yet because the philosopher 's adult has traditionally been male , his children boy children , and his educational programmes designed to facilitate the transition between them , the ideal of the fully human person has been masculinised to the point where otherwise thoughtful and sometimes good and wise men have unashamedly admitted that this defining ideal is not [usable] to half the species .

While this may be the case with certain specific empirical generalizations , it is not applicable to all the theoretical work .
while this may be the case with certain specific empirical generalizations , it is not [usable] to all the theoretical work .

The theory is not applicable to all matrilineal societies , for not all of these societies developed totemic rituals and structures .
the theory is not [usable] to all matrilineal societies , for not all of these societies developed totemic rituals and structures .

Freud 's theory might be applicable to an understanding of the popular ‘ corruptions ’ of Buddha 's teachings — corrupt , that is , from the point of view of Theravada monks .
freud 's theory might be [usable] to an understanding of the popular ‘ corruptions ’ of buddha 's teachings — corrupt , that is , from the point of view of theravada monks .

Both Conté and Faber-Castell offer these crayons in a pencil format , which may be more applicable to refined , detailed drawing work .
both conté and faber-castell offer these crayons in a pencil format , which may be more [usable] to refined , detailed drawing work .

changes in the terms of the policy . Where applicable , these are shown on your schedule
changes in the terms of the policy . where [usable] , these are shown on your schedule

changes in the terms of the policy . Where applicable , these are shown on your scheduler
changes in the terms of the policy . where [usable] , these are shown on your scheduler

It ascertained that centres had formally sought Scottish Education Department and , where applicable , Local Authority approval , and also considered the resource implications both for the Council and for the presenting centres .
it ascertained that centres had formally sought scottish education department and , where [usable] , local authority approval , and also considered the resource implications both for the council and for the presenting centres .

The financial statements are prepared under the historical cost convention modified by the revaluation of properties and in accordance with applicable accounting standards .
the financial statements are prepared under the historical cost convention modified by the revaluation of properties and in accordance with [usable] accounting standards .

It is the Group 's policy to protect income , where appropriate , by means of forward currency contracts entered into to fix the exchange rates applicable to estimated future currency receipts .
it is the group 's policy to protect income , where appropriate , by means of forward currency contracts entered into to fix the exchange rates [usable] to estimated future currency receipts .

These contain the agreed job descriptions and the qualifications generally applicable to them in each country .
these contain the agreed job descriptions and the qualifications generally [usable] to them in each country .

applicable to all centres and all candidates .
[usable] to all centres and all candidates .

The Home Claims Handling instructions are based on the cover applicable under the standard Home Insurance range of policies .
the home claims handling instructions are based on the cover [usable] under the standard home insurance range of policies .

An adjustment for wear and tear will be made , where applicable if the sums insured are inadequate or there is no intention to replace or repair .
an adjustment for wear and tear will be made , where [usable] if the sums insured are inadequate or there is no intention to replace or repair .

An adjustment for wear and tear will also be made , where applicable if the sums insured are inadequate or there is no intention to replace or repair .
an adjustment for wear and tear will also be made , where [usable] if the sums insured are inadequate or there is no intention to replace or repair .

The sum insured applicable to a claim is the figure which applied at the date of the loss , i.e .
the sum insured [usable] to a claim is the figure which applied at the date of the loss , i.e .

This section has a fixed limit which is not subject to index-linking and any settlement would be subject to wear and tear , where applicable .
this section has a fixed limit which is not subject to index-linking and any settlement would be subject to wear and tear , where [usable] .

Any settlement under this section of the policy in respect of clothing will be subject to a deduction for wear and tear , where applicable .
any settlement under this section of the policy in respect of clothing will be subject to a deduction for wear and tear , where [usable] .

If the damage can be repaired or invisibly mended , using perhaps a piece of material from a part of the armchair which is not normally in view , then the cost of repair would be paid , less any policy excess applicable .
if the damage can be repaired or invisibly mended , using perhaps a piece of material from a part of the armchair which is not normally in view , then the cost of repair would be paid , less any policy excess [usable] .

The excess should be deducted from the loss and then payment will be made up to the policy limit where applicable .
the excess should be deducted from the loss and then payment will be made up to the policy limit where [usable] .

The question whether the clause is applicable in any situation involving a Comprehensive Policy with an excess is determined by the amount of excess ’ which applies at the time of the accident e.g. in the case of a vehicle being driven by a young and/or inexperienced driver where an excess applies in addition to a general excess , the product of the two excesses will determine whether the clause should apply .
the question whether the clause is [usable] in any situation involving a comprehensive policy with an excess is determined by the amount of excess ’ which applies at the time of the accident e.g. in the case of a vehicle being driven by a young and/or inexperienced driver where an excess applies in addition to a general excess , the product of the two excesses will determine whether the clause should apply .

Where the cover which applies to the towing unit is different from that applicable to the trailer , the application of the Partial Indemnity Clause will be governed by the cover applying to the towing unit .
where the cover which applies to the towing unit is different from that [usable] to the trailer , the application of the partial indemnity clause will be governed by the cover applying to the towing unit .

Not applicable to Claims .
not [usable] to claims .

Not applicable to Claims .
not [usable] to claims .

Windscreen claims are no different to those on motor policies and are subject to any excess applicable to the policy .
windscreen claims are no different to those on motor policies and are subject to any excess [usable] to the policy .

In view of the interpretation now applicable to the General Condition of Reasonable Care , two specific exclusions have been added to the policy in respect of unattended property as follows : —
in view of the interpretation now [usable] to the general condition of reasonable care , two specific exclusions have been added to the policy in respect of unattended property as follows : —

For claims in respect of other sections of the policy an excess per person should be deducted , if applicable .
for claims in respect of other sections of the policy an excess per person should be deducted , if [usable] .

It has been agreed that we will deduct the excess from the loss and then pay up to the policy limit where applicable .
it has been agreed that we will deduct the excess from the loss and then pay up to the policy limit where [usable] .

In the event of a loss of foreign currency payment should be made based on the exchange rate applicable at the date of the loss .
in the event of a loss of foreign currency payment should be made based on the exchange rate [usable] at the date of the loss .

The amount payable under the policy would be equivalent to the exchange rate applicable at the date on which the Claimant paid the medical/emergency expenses .
the amount payable under the policy would be equivalent to the exchange rate [usable] at the date on which the claimant paid the medical/emergency expenses .

An adjustment for wear and tear will also be made , where applicable , in the settlement of your claim if
an adjustment for wear and tear will also be made , where [usable] , in the settlement of your claim if

Details of conditions of service applicable to civil servants are to be found in Civil Service Pay and Conditions of Service Code , a copy of which may be consulted in the Department of Administration .
details of conditions of service [usable] to civil servants are to be found in civil service pay and conditions of service code , a copy of which may be consulted in the department of administration .

Details of conditions of service applicable to staff of the National Library Or Scotland are to be found in the Civil Service Pay and Conditions of Service Code , a copy of which may be consulted in the Department of Administration .
details of conditions of service [usable] to staff of the national library or scotland are to be found in the civil service pay and conditions of service code , a copy of which may be consulted in the department of administration .

Unless otherwise stated the Board 's general conditions of service applicable to a will apply to you .
unless otherwise stated the board 's general conditions of service [usable] to a will apply to you .

That proposal , however , creates its own problems . In particular , what hours would be applicable to children and should they only be there if they are eating a meal or snack ? And should the conditions about availability of , or taking of , food be national or for the local Licensing Justices to attach as appropriate when granting the Children 's Certificate ?
that proposal , however , creates its own problems . in particular , what hours would be [usable] to children and should they only be there if they are eating a meal or snack ? and should the conditions about availability of , or taking of , food be national or for the local licensing justices to attach as appropriate when granting the children 's certificate ?

This does mean that Council Tax payers will have to meet the full cost of any Council water charge , less any single person discounts which may be applicable , without the benefit of rebate assistance .
this does mean that council tax payers will have to meet the full cost of any council water charge , less any single person discounts which may be [usable] , without the benefit of rebate assistance .

The Council has a Scheme of Early Retiral and Voluntary Severance which is applicable to employees who :
the council has a scheme of early retiral and voluntary severance which is [usable] to employees who :

Twice this rate was applicable for the President and his lady , or the appropriate double room rate if less .
twice this rate was [usable] for the president and his lady , or the appropriate double room rate if less .

The great strength of the Faculty is in fundamental research into areas of applicable science and the projects conducted by staff in the Faculty receive an outstanding measure of financial support from Government Research Councils and charitable trusts .
the great strength of the faculty is in fundamental research into areas of [usable] science and the projects conducted by staff in the faculty receive an outstanding measure of financial support from government research councils and charitable trusts .

Like special relativity , the monotraumatic theory is a restricted one , applicable only to certain specified frames of reference .
like special relativity , the monotraumatic theory is a restricted one , [usable] only to certain specified frames of reference .

It is an interpretation found equally applicable to developing capitalist states where indigenous bourgeoisies are yet to develop fully .
it is an interpretation found equally [usable] to developing capitalist states where indigenous bourgeoisies are yet to develop fully .

Breton and Wintrobe conclude that ‘ one can not build a generally applicable theory of bureaucracy on a specific objective function ’ .
breton and wintrobe conclude that ‘ one can not build a generally [usable] theory of bureaucracy on a specific objective function ’ .

Nevertheless , it seems worth pointing out that gross gastric retention of solids can usually be confirmed quite easily by gastroscopy after a six hour fast , while the key gastric emptying study , with liquid or liquid like test meal , is applicable in postoperative patients with vomiting and epigastric pain after meals to confirm that there is no mechanical obstruction , and to warn that a further simple gastric drainage procedure may do more harm than good .
nevertheless , it seems worth pointing out that gross gastric retention of solids can usually be confirmed quite easily by gastroscopy after a six hour fast , while the key gastric emptying study , with liquid or liquid like test meal , is [usable] in postoperative patients with vomiting and epigastric pain after meals to confirm that there is no mechanical obstruction , and to warn that a further simple gastric drainage procedure may do more harm than good .

The following figures are applicable to the years under consideration :
the following figures are [usable] to the years under consideration :

This key is only applicable in scrolled areas .
this key is only [usable] in scrolled areas .

This key is only applicable in scrolled areas .
this key is only [usable] in scrolled areas .

This key moves the cursor backwards to the previous input field , exiting from the current scrolled area ( only applicable when issued from within a scrolled area ) .
this key moves the cursor backwards to the previous input field , exiting from the current scrolled area ( only [usable] when issued from within a scrolled area ) .

This key moves the cursor forwards to the next input field , exiting from the current scrolled area ( only applicable when issued from within a scrolled area ) .
this key moves the cursor forwards to the next input field , exiting from the current scrolled area ( only [usable] when issued from within a scrolled area ) .

There are a number of principles applicable to the control of costs which apply to all stages of a project .
there are a number of principles [usable] to the control of costs which apply to all stages of a project .

From that date the deutschmark became the currency in East Germany , border controls were removed ( except for some categories of foreigners ) , price controls were abolished ( except for rent , public transport and certain other utilities ) , the West German systems of welfare , wage bargaining , banking and labour laws became applicable in East Germany , West German rates of value added tax and certain other West German taxes became payable , and rights to own and transfer landed property were introduced .
from that date the deutschmark became the currency in east germany , border controls were removed ( except for some categories of foreigners ) , price controls were abolished ( except for rent , public transport and certain other utilities ) , the west german systems of welfare , wage bargaining , banking and labour laws became [usable] in east germany , west german rates of value added tax and certain other west german taxes became payable , and rights to own and transfer landed property were introduced .

Even in western Europe it was normal for boundaries between states to be overlain by a mass of traditional rights , claims to exercise jurisdiction or to collect dues and taxes of various kinds , which made the modern idea of a frontier scarcely applicable .
even in western europe it was normal for boundaries between states to be overlain by a mass of traditional rights , claims to exercise jurisdiction or to collect dues and taxes of various kinds , which made the modern idea of a frontier scarcely [usable] .

In line with his unprescriptive manner of teaching about how to develop contemplative life which is governed by his awareness of the intensely individual nature of discretionary achievement , Hilton is deliberately leaving his terms open , or using those likely to be directly applicable to actives , so that the recipient should not be constrained by definitions as he develops in his contemplative life .
in line with his unprescriptive manner of teaching about how to develop contemplative life which is governed by his awareness of the intensely individual nature of discretionary achievement , hilton is deliberately leaving his terms open , or using those likely to be directly [usable] to actives , so that the recipient should not be constrained by definitions as he develops in his contemplative life .

the operational and reporting standards applicable to corporate finance work should be followed for assignments associated with the approval of investment advertisements .
the operational and reporting standards [usable] to corporate finance work should be followed for assignments associated with the approval of investment advertisements .

The matter is further complicated by the fact that the disclosure letter will almost always say the disclosures are made by reference to the warranty to which they are thought to be most applicable , but they also apply to all warranties .
the matter is further complicated by the fact that the disclosure letter will almost always say the disclosures are made by reference to the warranty to which they are thought to be most [usable] , but they also apply to all warranties .

There will be a statement of the consideration , how it is to be calculated and when it is to be paid and , if applicable , provision for the preparation of completion accounts and the accounting principles to be adopted ( see section 0610 ) .
there will be a statement of the consideration , how it is to be calculated and when it is to be paid and , if [usable] , provision for the preparation of completion accounts and the accounting principles to be adopted ( see section 0610 ) .

These fundamental initial considerations or ‘ building blocks ’ ( developed by Roy Nicholson ) are applicable to all valuation engagements and enable a skeleton of the valuation to be developed at an early stage :
these fundamental initial considerations or ‘ building blocks ’ ( developed by roy nicholson ) are [usable] to all valuation engagements and enable a skeleton of the valuation to be developed at an early stage :

In a lead adviser role or public deal , consideration should be given to the statement of indemnity which might even be included in the more standard engagement letter where a specific contract is not applicable .
in a lead adviser role or public deal , consideration should be given to the statement of indemnity which might even be included in the more standard engagement letter where a specific contract is not [usable] .

When all agreed amendments have been implemented the documents should be recirculated for further comment as applicable .
when all agreed amendments have been implemented the documents should be recirculated for further comment as [usable] .

In certain cases an additional list of non — applicable items also needs to be submitted in the form of a letter .
in certain cases an additional list of non — [usable] items also needs to be submitted in the form of a letter .

Client will comply with all applicable legal and regulatory provisions , including the City Code on Takeovers and Mergers and the Rules of the Stock Exchange .
client will comply with all [usable] legal and regulatory provisions , including the city code on takeovers and mergers and the rules of the stock exchange .

Full provision is to be made for current and deferred taxation at the local statutory rate applicable , which for the United Kingdom is to be 35 % .
full provision is to be made for current and deferred taxation at the local statutory rate [usable] , which for the united kingdom is to be 35 % .

Your attention is drawn to the Responsibility statement applicable to this opportunity given overleaf .
your attention is drawn to the responsibility statement [usable] to this opportunity given overleaf .

The model of top-level policy-making it generates will be applicable outside the specific context of 1938-41 , and is intended to aid our understanding of both British politics and the nature of foreign policy as an activity .
the model of top-level policy-making it generates will be [usable] outside the specific context of 1938-41 , and is intended to aid our understanding of both british politics and the nature of foreign policy as an activity .

Although it is obviously hoped that these accounts will be interesting as economic history , whatever they reveal about the working and role of government may also be relevant and applicable today .
although it is obviously hoped that these accounts will be interesting as economic history , whatever they reveal about the working and role of government may also be relevant and [usable] today .

Third , the project aims to develop methods of record linkage using computer facilities which will be more widely applicable in historical studies .
third , the project aims to develop methods of record linkage using computer facilities which will be more widely [usable] in historical studies .

By studying the two postwar phases together , and the interwar period , it is hoped to produce firmer-based explanations applicable to the whole period .
by studying the two postwar phases together , and the interwar period , it is hoped to produce firmer-based explanations [usable] to the whole period .

Case study evidence can assist in the development of more applicable theoretical work in industrial organisation .
case study evidence can assist in the development of more [usable] theoretical work in industrial organisation .

It seems to be particularly applicable to markets where the relaxation of statutory entry restrictions leave an incumbent firm with an especially predominant position .
it seems to be particularly [usable] to markets where the relaxation of statutory entry restrictions leave an incumbent firm with an especially predominant position .

The study includes an examination of the effects of differences in the tax regimes applicable to companies and to unincorporated firms .
the study includes an examination of the effects of differences in the tax regimes [usable] to companies and to unincorporated firms .

Both assumptions , and the interpretation of the circumstances in which they are applicable , have long been controversial among scientists and between scientists and their audiences .
both assumptions , and the interpretation of the circumstances in which they are [usable] , have long been controversial among scientists and between scientists and their audiences .

Although the study will focus on retail property in Nottingham , it is expected to reveal principles which are applicable to other non- domestic property sectors and other locations .
although the study will focus on retail property in nottingham , it is expected to reveal principles which are [usable] to other non- domestic property sectors and other locations .

However , not all West Indians are concentrated in such areas and the concept of the ghettoised underclass , while popular , is perhaps less widely applicable than asserted .
however , not all west indians are concentrated in such areas and the concept of the ghettoised underclass , while popular , is perhaps less widely [usable] than asserted .

Use by unauthorized persons is a violation of applicable laws .
use by unauthorized persons is a violation of [usable] laws .

This procedure can be understood most easily by referring to the static torque/position characteristics , even though at the speeds in question these characteristics are not strictly applicable .
this procedure can be understood most easily by referring to the static torque/position characteristics , even though at the speeds in question these characteristics are not strictly [usable] .

The second caveat is that this generalization , like most , while generally applicable , is not universally so .
the second caveat is that this generalization , like most , while generally [usable] , is not universally so .

Bailey 's interpretation of the `` natural seismograph `` , as he called it , is certainly applicable in many other places around the world .
bailey 's interpretation of the `` natural seismograph `` , as he called it , is certainly [usable] in many other places around the world .

This analogy is in every way applicable to my concept of the stratigraphical column .
this analogy is in every way [usable] to my concept of the stratigraphical column .

These requirements dictate two basic principles of data storage ( applicable to manual and computerised systems ) .
these requirements dictate two basic principles of data storage ( [usable] to manual and computerised systems ) .

The principles that apply are those applicable to sale of goods contracts generally .
the principles that apply are those [usable] to sale of goods contracts generally .

After Completion — the solicitor registers the title and pays stamp duty where applicable on your behalf .
after completion — the solicitor registers the title and pays stamp duty where [usable] on your behalf .

Mr Curtin had been suspended from practice for three months in 1991 by the Solicitors Disciplinary Tribunal and the condition imposed by an Assistant Director of the Solicitors Complaints Bureau when Mr Curtin applied for renewal of his practising certificate was that of practising only in approved employment , as opposed to in approved partnership , which had been the condition applicable to Mr Curtin 's certificate prior to his suspension from practice .
mr curtin had been suspended from practice for three months in 1991 by the solicitors disciplinary tribunal and the condition imposed by an assistant director of the solicitors complaints bureau when mr curtin applied for renewal of his practising certificate was that of practising only in approved employment , as opposed to in approved partnership , which had been the condition [usable] to mr curtin 's certificate prior to his suspension from practice .

We will respect anonymity if requested , but , as gesture of good faith , we do need to see your name and address , and , where applicable , a telephone number where you can be contacted during office hours .
we will respect anonymity if requested , but , as gesture of good faith , we do need to see your name and address , and , where [usable] , a telephone number where you can be contacted during office hours .

We will respect anonymity if requested , but , as gesture of good faith , we do need to see your name and address , and , where applicable , a telephone number where you can be contacted during office hours .
we will respect anonymity if requested , but , as gesture of good faith , we do need to see your name and address , and , where [usable] , a telephone number where you can be contacted during office hours .

Where applicable , equipment will require safety handling devices ( for example , protective guards and extractor hoods fitted to bandsaws ) .
where [usable] , equipment will require safety handling devices ( for example , protective guards and extractor hoods fitted to bandsaws ) .

These equations are strictly applicable only to dilute solutions of non-draining monodisperse coils , but can be extended to undiluted polymers above their glass temperature if suitably modified .
these equations are strictly [usable] only to dilute solutions of non-draining monodisperse coils , but can be extended to undiluted polymers above their glass temperature if suitably modified .

The Accounts have been prepared in accordance with applicable accounting standards and under the historical cost accounting rules supplemented by revaluation of certain properties .
the accounts have been prepared in accordance with [usable] accounting standards and under the historical cost accounting rules supplemented by revaluation of certain properties .

In the Shatt al-Arab , Iran had been accommodated in 1975 by Iraq 's acceptance of the thalweg principle as applicable throughout the length of the waterway ( and not in part only , as under the provisions of Constantinople ( see below ) in 1913 and the treaty negotiated between the two countries in 1937 ) .
in the shatt al-arab , iran had been accommodated in 1975 by iraq 's acceptance of the thalweg principle as [usable] throughout the length of the waterway ( and not in part only , as under the provisions of constantinople ( see below ) in 1913 and the treaty negotiated between the two countries in 1937 ) .

Yet the Chicago School of Urban Sociology was attempting a specifically ‘ urban ’ theory of social change ; one applicable to the new times of a modernising , industrialising society .
yet the chicago school of urban sociology was attempting a specifically ‘ urban ’ theory of social change ; one [usable] to the new times of a modernising , industrialising society .

On the other hand , this literature is not easily applicable to the ‘ urban ’ sphere or even to the ‘ social ’ sphere more generally .
on the other hand , this literature is not easily [usable] to the ‘ urban ’ sphere or even to the ‘ social ’ sphere more generally .

He argues that Freud 's later work is in fact directly applicable to ‘ urban ’ social theory .
he argues that freud 's later work is in fact directly [usable] to ‘ urban ’ social theory .

( 9 ) When this party has selected the prospective parliamentary candidate , section ( 3 ) of this clause shall be applicable only when section ( 8 ) applies or , having received a written request from the General Committee of this party for permission to reconsider the selection of the prospective parliamentary candidate , the National Executive Committee has decided that in its opinion there are changed circumstances relating to the prospective parliamentary candidate since his or her selection , and has given authority to this party to convene a special meeting of the General Committee in accordance with regulations sanctioned by the National Executive Committee to consider a resolution that the prospective candidate selected previously shall not be the candidate at the next general election .
( 9 ) when this party has selected the prospective parliamentary candidate , section ( 3 ) of this clause shall be [usable] only when section ( 8 ) applies or , having received a written request from the general committee of this party for permission to reconsider the selection of the prospective parliamentary candidate , the national executive committee has decided that in its opinion there are changed circumstances relating to the prospective parliamentary candidate since his or her selection , and has given authority to this party to convene a special meeting of the general committee in accordance with regulations sanctioned by the national executive committee to consider a resolution that the prospective candidate selected previously shall not be the candidate at the next general election .

The application of dynamic input is more restricted than static recognition since it demands that the user have available a suitable input device at the time of writing and is obviously only applicable to handwritten text .
the application of dynamic input is more restricted than static recognition since it demands that the user have available a suitable input device at the time of writing and is obviously only [usable] to handwritten text .

Finally , mental health must be seen as something applicable to people — to individuals , families and communities .
finally , mental health must be seen as something [usable] to people — to individuals , families and communities .

In fact Newton 's ‘ laws ’ are not universally applicable .
in fact newton 's ‘ laws ’ are not universally [usable] .

This indicates that if the court 's desire is to protect the public from persons who take vehicles without the owner 's consent , that is by a sense of general deterrence , then this particular criterion of the Criminal Justice Act will not be applicable The question posed for the courts must be whether taking a vehicle without consent can ever , as an individual offence , be so serious that a non-custodial sentence can not be considered .
this indicates that if the court 's desire is to protect the public from persons who take vehicles without the owner 's consent , that is by a sense of general deterrence , then this particular criterion of the criminal justice act will not be [usable] the question posed for the courts must be whether taking a vehicle without consent can ever , as an individual offence , be so serious that a non-custodial sentence can not be considered .

If the emergency is so important , why are not the penalties for these aggravated offences equally applicable in Scotland ?
if the emergency is so important , why are not the penalties for these aggravated offences equally [usable] in scotland ?

Noah 's knowledge of the law applicable to gipsies surprised Arnold Peck , but now he glanced about him at the listening gipsies .
noah 's knowledge of the law [usable] to gipsies surprised arnold peck , but now he glanced about him at the listening gipsies .

Pleasant was a more applicable word , she told herself firmly .
pleasant was a more [usable] word , she told herself firmly .

Motion made , and Question proposed , That the Promoters of the King 's Cross Railways Bill may , notwithstanding anything in the Standing Orders or practice of this House , proceed with the Bill in the present Session ; and the Petition for the Bill shall be deemed to have been deposited and all Standing Orders applicable thereto shall be deemed to have been complied with ;
motion made , and question proposed , that the promoters of the king 's cross railways bill may , notwithstanding anything in the standing orders or practice of this house , proceed with the bill in the present session ; and the petition for the bill shall be deemed to have been deposited and all standing orders [usable] thereto shall be deemed to have been complied with ;

Methods for statistical analysis applied , say , to a designed experiment , are not applicable to surveys because frequently a sample survey involves a very complicated structure and this gives rise to considerable problems in the statistical analysis .
methods for statistical analysis applied , say , to a designed experiment , are not [usable] to surveys because frequently a sample survey involves a very complicated structure and this gives rise to considerable problems in the statistical analysis .

The aim of this project is to investigate these problems and to come up with suggested methods of analysis which are generally applicable to complex surveys .
the aim of this project is to investigate these problems and to come up with suggested methods of analysis which are generally [usable] to complex surveys .

Other , generally applicable subdivisions , are shown in a separate list for easy reference .
other , generally [usable] subdivisions , are shown in a separate list for easy reference .

When a policy is formulated , an executive decision taken , or a judgment made , it is equally applicable in all Member States .
when a policy is formulated , an executive decision taken , or a judgment made , it is equally [usable] in all member states .

The only leeway occasionally permitted to Member States is the ability to choose the means and the pace of implementing a policy : a Commission Regulation is applicable in all Member States equally , while a Directive specifies the end , but leaves the Member States free to adopt the method .
the only leeway occasionally permitted to member states is the ability to choose the means and the pace of implementing a policy : a commission regulation is [usable] in all member states equally , while a directive specifies the end , but leaves the member states free to adopt the method .

The method is applicable to gases and crystals , but vibrational relaxation in liquids tends to be too efficient to preserve the simplicity inherent in fluorescence from a single excited vibronic level .
the method is [usable] to gases and crystals , but vibrational relaxation in liquids tends to be too efficient to preserve the simplicity inherent in fluorescence from a single excited vibronic level .

Unfortunately , it has not been possible to find a fool-proof numbering system applicable to all molecules , but two simple rules are well-established .
unfortunately , it has not been possible to find a fool-proof numbering system [usable] to all molecules , but two simple rules are well-established .

No single technique of assessing particle size is applicable throughout the entire size spectrum , and each is suited to specific size ranges .
no single technique of assessing particle size is [usable] throughout the entire size spectrum , and each is suited to specific size ranges .

Many have appeared , been explored and found applicable only under certain restricted conditions .
many have appeared , been explored and found [usable] only under certain restricted conditions .

The prospect of a universally applicable technique of abstracting from sediment grain size distributions measures diagnostic of depositional environment has encouraged generations of sedimentologists .
the prospect of a universally [usable] technique of abstracting from sediment grain size distributions measures diagnostic of depositional environment has encouraged generations of sedimentologists .

Such broad groupings are only possible when many separate thin section analyses are grouped together ; they are not applicable where the study is of one sandstone sequence from one particular area of a sedimentary basin .
such broad groupings are only possible when many separate thin section analyses are grouped together ; they are not [usable] where the study is of one sandstone sequence from one particular area of a sedimentary basin .

Discussions of how the relative strength of States should be evaluated were common , but none of their authors succeeded in finding a clear or universally applicable solution to the problem .
discussions of how the relative strength of states should be evaluated were common , but none of their authors succeeded in finding a clear or universally [usable] solution to the problem .

There are a number of objections that can be made to this kind of structuralism , although some of them are equally applicable to other branches of literary theory .
there are a number of objections that can be made to this kind of structuralism , although some of them are equally [usable] to other branches of literary theory .

Secondly , we may well doubt that the reconciliation of opposites is really a sound principle for defining poetry , whether it is truly applicable to all the texts one would wish to include under the heading of poetry or good literature .
secondly , we may well doubt that the reconciliation of opposites is really a sound principle for defining poetry , whether it is truly [usable] to all the texts one would wish to include under the heading of poetry or good literature .

For like a great many theories , it seems much more easily applicable to some kinds of text than to others ; one can see quite clearly its possible relevance to the sort of literature that the New Critics generally preferred to discuss , the lyric tradition from Shakespeare , roughly speaking , to Yeats ( Wimsatt and Brooks described their movement ( 1957 : 742 ) as ‘ neo-classic ’ ) ; but it is much less easy to see its relevance to the novel , or to much modern avant-garde writing .
for like a great many theories , it seems much more easily [usable] to some kinds of text than to others ; one can see quite clearly its possible relevance to the sort of literature that the new critics generally preferred to discuss , the lyric tradition from shakespeare , roughly speaking , to yeats ( wimsatt and brooks described their movement ( 1957 : 742 ) as ‘ neo-classic ’ ) ; but it is much less easy to see its relevance to the novel , or to much modern avant-garde writing .

This last objection can be put in a form applicable to many of the theories discussed in this book : that it may be a mistake to try to define the essential features of literature in absolute and objective terms ; that such definitions as one may devise are likely to be relevant only to certain kinds or certain features of literature , or merely constitute one among a number of possible ways of approaching the subject .
this last objection can be put in a form [usable] to many of the theories discussed in this book : that it may be a mistake to try to define the essential features of literature in absolute and objective terms ; that such definitions as one may devise are likely to be relevant only to certain kinds or certain features of literature , or merely constitute one among a number of possible ways of approaching the subject .

Instead she settled for the three most applicable adjectives she could think of .
instead she settled for the three most [usable] adjectives she could think of .

It may be taken as a general rule , subject to exceptions , not applicable to this case , that the promise must be co-extensive with the consideration .
it may be taken as a general rule , subject to exceptions , not [usable] to this case , that the promise must be co-extensive with the consideration .

The reasons for refusal as set out in Wyre Borough Council Minutes dated 14/11/91 page 65 are equally applicable to the present application .
the reasons for refusal as set out in wyre borough council minutes dated 14/11/91 page 65 are equally [usable] to the present application .

The problem is applicable to 81058 Mathematics : Analysis/Algebra 1 .
the problem is [usable] to 81058 mathematics : analysis/algebra 1 .

Example of a case study applicable to 92355 Contract Law : Learning Outcome 1
example of a case study [usable] to 92355 contract law : learning outcome 1

Example of a case study applicable to 92355 Contract Law : Learning Outcome 1
example of a case study [usable] to 92355 contract law : learning outcome 1

Example of an assignment applicable to 92355 Contract Law : Learning Outcome 2
example of an assignment [usable] to 92355 contract law : learning outcome 2

Modules in which competences are developed applicable in a range of contexts .
modules in which competences are developed [usable] in a range of contexts .

Moreover , although Rask was concerned with the initial decision to contract out , what the Court says seems equally applicable to any subsequent transfer of the function to another sub-contractor .
moreover , although rask was concerned with the initial decision to contract out , what the court says seems equally [usable] to any subsequent transfer of the function to another sub-contractor .

The Rules of Conduct cover the totality of a registrant 's conduct , but several are directly applicable to risk issues .
the rules of conduct cover the totality of a registrant 's conduct , but several are directly [usable] to risk issues .

Studies in this area to date suggest that there is no readily deducible and uniformly applicable upper level of societal risk .
studies in this area to date suggest that there is no readily deducible and uniformly [usable] upper level of societal risk .

However , despite some change in secondary selection , it remains the case , most remarkably , that though wartime and free education made the arguments of economy , fairness and impartiality more applicable they did not make them universally acceptable .
however , despite some change in secondary selection , it remains the case , most remarkably , that though wartime and free education made the arguments of economy , fairness and impartiality more [usable] they did not make them universally acceptable .

The disciplinary rules applicable to you and agreed by the Council will be found in the documents referred to in paragraph 3 above .
the disciplinary rules [usable] to you and agreed by the council will be found in the documents referred to in paragraph 3 above .

extra payments above grade shall be applicable for calculating overtime payments .
extra payments above grade shall be [usable] for calculating overtime payments .

personal allowance would be applicable to payments for sickness and maternity .
personal allowance would be [usable] to payments for sickness and maternity .

But when one is dealing with associative use , we have to do with a binary distinction ; the adjective is introduced solely to indicate that its property , even though applicable to some other entity , is associated with the entity of its noun phrase , and here there are only two possible states — either the property is associated , in the view of the speaker , or it is not ( and of course by a slightly curious consequence of the communicational process , the state must always be the positive one , since if the property were not felt to be associated with that entity and needed for identification , then the adjective which designates that property would simply not appear ) .
but when one is dealing with associative use , we have to do with a binary distinction ; the adjective is introduced solely to indicate that its property , even though [usable] to some other entity , is associated with the entity of its noun phrase , and here there are only two possible states — either the property is associated , in the view of the speaker , or it is not ( and of course by a slightly curious consequence of the communicational process , the state must always be the positive one , since if the property were not felt to be associated with that entity and needed for identification , then the adjective which designates that property would simply not appear ) .

An automatic consequence of the completeness is that the property of the adjective is taken to be valid for , or applicable to , the subject entity , for current purposes .
an automatic consequence of the completeness is that the property of the adjective is taken to be valid for , or [usable] to , the subject entity , for current purposes .

The initial verb + noun phrase combination shows in essence a property word extended by an entity word , and it therefore remains a ( complex ) property ; the adjective then further extends this property ; but because it is an adjective rather than an adverb , its own property is understood as applicable to the entity identified by the noun phrase , with the important reservation , demanded by the intensional structure , that it will not be applied to it unconditionally but only insofar as that entity stands in relation to the verb which accompanies it .
the initial verb + noun phrase combination shows in essence a property word extended by an entity word , and it therefore remains a ( complex ) property ; the adjective then further extends this property ; but because it is an adjective rather than an adverb , its own property is understood as [usable] to the entity identified by the noun phrase , with the important reservation , demanded by the intensional structure , that it will not be applied to it unconditionally but only insofar as that entity stands in relation to the verb which accompanies it .

— as for clausal adjectives — applicable : ( 6 ) what will Ellen shake the keys ?
— as for clausal adjectives — [usable] : ( 6 ) what will ellen shake the keys ?

Here , the fact that the adjective property is applicable to the object entity in a whole construction like ( 22 ) is intimately connected with the lexical meaning of the verb , and will thereby be understood to be applicable to the entity of the object even when that is considered in isolation .
here , the fact that the adjective property is [usable] to the object entity in a whole construction like ( 22 ) is intimately connected with the lexical meaning of the verb , and will thereby be understood to be [usable] to the entity of the object even when that is considered in isolation .

What the pope had decided on one occasion would be applicable in a similar instance .
what the pope had decided on one occasion would be [usable] in a similar instance .

Benavides and Mendoza , who had been tried and convicted in September [ see p. 38414 ] , would not benefit from an amnesty law adopted on Jan. 24 , which was applicable only to groups of over 19 people .
benavides and mendoza , who had been tried and convicted in september [ see p. 38414 ] , would not benefit from an amnesty law adopted on jan. 24 , which was [usable] only to groups of over 19 people .

Early on June 26 , after a 14-hour debate , the Bundestag ( lower house of parliament ) approved abortion legislation applicable to the whole country .
early on june 26 , after a 14-hour debate , the bundestag ( lower house of parliament ) approved abortion legislation [usable] to the whole country .

One month after German unification in October 1990 it notified signatories to the 1955 State Treaty guaranteeing Austria 's `` perpetual neutrality `` that certain clauses were no longer applicable [ see p. 37867 ] .
one month after german unification in october 1990 it notified signatories to the 1955 state treaty guaranteeing austria 's `` perpetual neutrality `` that certain clauses were no longer [usable] [ see p. 37867 ] .

Several articles of the 1955 State Treaty governing Austria 's neutral status were formally declared obsolete and no longer applicable by the Austrian government on Nov. 7 by means of the delivery of a diplomatic note to the treaty 's signatories .
several articles of the 1955 state treaty governing austria 's neutral status were formally declared obsolete and no longer [usable] by the austrian government on nov. 7 by means of the delivery of a diplomatic note to the treaty 's signatories .

However , the legislation would not be applicable in the aftermath of the June 1992 general election .
however , the legislation would not be [usable] in the aftermath of the june 1992 general election .

New Right economists such as Lees , Friedman and Selsdon have argued that the model , with appropriate modifications , is applicable to health care , which they deem to be a consumption rather than an investment good ( the opposite view to that of Beveridge and the Fabian Socialists ) .
new right economists such as lees , friedman and selsdon have argued that the model , with appropriate modifications , is [usable] to health care , which they deem to be a consumption rather than an investment good ( the opposite view to that of beveridge and the fabian socialists ) .

Vocational education is often thought of as the acquisition of knowledge and skills directly applicable to the job ; but in most posts what is required is not so much the acquisition of a skill as progressive development in the fields of human relations , of judgment , and of general educational standards .
vocational education is often thought of as the acquisition of knowledge and skills directly [usable] to the job ; but in most posts what is required is not so much the acquisition of a skill as progressive development in the fields of human relations , of judgment , and of general educational standards .

The museum education officer may well be able to suggest combinations of subjects applicable to a particular age group .
the museum education officer may well be able to suggest combinations of subjects [usable] to a particular age group .

`` With regard to the Native custom affecting cases of this kind , there is possibly no definite rule that can be made applicable to all cases and to all districts , but this rule appears to be applicable everywhere , that when a woman of one tribe or hapu marries into another tribe or hapu , her rights become extinguished , unless some act of ownership is exercised either by herself or her immediate descendants .
`` with regard to the native custom affecting cases of this kind , there is possibly no definite rule that can be made [usable] to all cases and to all districts , but this rule appears to be [usable] everywhere , that when a woman of one tribe or hapu marries into another tribe or hapu , her rights become extinguished , unless some act of ownership is exercised either by herself or her immediate descendants .

( 3 ) This section applies to a contract if — ( a ) the rent does not exceed the figure applicable in accordance with subsection ( 4 ) , and ( b ) the letting is not on such terms as to the tenant 's responsibility as are mentioned in subsection ( 5 ) … ( 5 ) This section does not apply where a house is let for a term of three years or more ( the lease not being determinable at the option of either party before the expiration of three years ) upon terms that the tenant puts the premises into a condition reasonably fit for human habitation .
( 3 ) this section applies to a contract if — ( a ) the rent does not exceed the figure [usable] in accordance with subsection ( 4 ) , and ( b ) the letting is not on such terms as to the tenant 's responsibility as are mentioned in subsection ( 5 ) … ( 5 ) this section does not apply where a house is let for a term of three years or more ( the lease not being determinable at the option of either party before the expiration of three years ) upon terms that the tenant puts the premises into a condition reasonably fit for human habitation .

Section 5 ( 4 ) is applicable and the accused is guilty of theft of the excess .
section 5 ( 4 ) is [usable] and the accused is guilty of theft of the excess .

In the case of more general or abstract essays ( on whole works , on authors or on critical issues ) , it is necessary to find other means of organising an argument — though some of the means also turn out to be applicable when looking at individual passages .
in the case of more general or abstract essays ( on whole works , on authors or on critical issues ) , it is necessary to find other means of organising an argument — though some of the means also turn out to be [usable] when looking at individual passages .

The opposite is generally applicable for standard equipment , but of course there is a financial reward for adapting to standard , readily available products or modifying standard products to suit your needs .
the opposite is generally [usable] for standard equipment , but of course there is a financial reward for adapting to standard , readily available products or modifying standard products to suit your needs .

While such an approach should be equally applicable to the monolingual and bilingual situations , a code switching community would be a convenient place for testing hypotheses , since it would provide examples of different but potentially related dimensions of variation : stylistic , within each language , and code switching , between languages .
while such an approach should be equally [usable] to the monolingual and bilingual situations , a code switching community would be a convenient place for testing hypotheses , since it would provide examples of different but potentially related dimensions of variation : stylistic , within each language , and code switching , between languages .

The other view is that where the conduct of the plaintiff would have given rise to the defence at common law if he was suing for negligence , the defence is applicable .
the other view is that where the conduct of the plaintiff would have given rise to the defence at common law if he was suing for negligence , the defence is [usable] .

The factors which are applicable to the standard of care in common law negligence are applicable .
the factors which are [usable] to the standard of care in common law negligence are [usable] .

In order to determine which Act is applicable it is necessary to determine the status of the plaintiff .
in order to determine which act is [usable] it is necessary to determine the status of the plaintiff .

Volenti would not appear to be applicable but the court might hold that Arthur has been contributorily negligent in respect of his injury and reduce damages accordingly .
volenti would not appear to be [usable] but the court might hold that arthur has been contributorily negligent in respect of his injury and reduce damages accordingly .

There is payable with each application for renewal a renewal fee , and , where applicable , an annual contribution to the Compensation Fund and a special levy in respect of the Compensation Fund .
there is payable with each application for renewal a renewal fee , and , where [usable] , an annual contribution to the compensation fund and a special levy in respect of the compensation fund .

( 3 ) The losses against which a recognised body is required to insure under this Rule are all losses arising from claims in respect of civil liability incurred in the practice of the recognised body by the recognised body or by any of its officers or employees or former officers or employees or by any solicitor or registered foreign lawyer who is or was a consultant to or associate in the body 's practice or is or was working in the practice as an agent or a locum tenens ; save that a recognised body shall not be required to insure against losses arising from claims of a type excluded , by the indemnity rules applicable from time to time to recognised bodies , from being afforded indemnity by the Solicitors Indemnity Fund .
( 3 ) the losses against which a recognised body is required to insure under this rule are all losses arising from claims in respect of civil liability incurred in the practice of the recognised body by the recognised body or by any of its officers or employees or former officers or employees or by any solicitor or registered foreign lawyer who is or was a consultant to or associate in the body 's practice or is or was working in the practice as an agent or a locum tenens ; save that a recognised body shall not be required to insure against losses arising from claims of a type excluded , by the indemnity rules [usable] from time to time to recognised bodies , from being afforded indemnity by the solicitors indemnity fund .

( b ) evidence of compliance with the indemnity rules applicable from time to time to recognised bodies ;
( b ) evidence of compliance with the indemnity rules [usable] from time to time to recognised bodies ;

( b ) that the body complies with the indemnity rules applicable from time to time to recognised bodies ; and
( b ) that the body complies with the indemnity rules [usable] from time to time to recognised bodies ; and

( 2 ) The Council may ( in order to ascertain whether or not any of these Rules or other rules , principles or requirements of conduct applicable to recognised bodies by virtue of these Rules or section 9 of the Act are being complied with ) at any time by written notice require a recognised body or an officer or member of the body to submit to the Council any report , certificate , audit or other documentation or information which the Council may require and the recognised body or the officer or member as the case may be shall submit such item to the Council within such period as may be reasonably determined by the Council .
( 2 ) the council may ( in order to ascertain whether or not any of these rules or other rules , principles or requirements of conduct [usable] to recognised bodies by virtue of these rules or section 9 of the act are being complied with ) at any time by written notice require a recognised body or an officer or member of the body to submit to the council any report , certificate , audit or other documentation or information which the council may require and the recognised body or the officer or member as the case may be shall submit such item to the council within such period as may be reasonably determined by the council .

( 1 ) It is the duty of a solicitor who or a recognised body which is an officer of a recognised body , or a registered foreign lawyer who is a director of a recognised body to take all reasonable steps to ensure compliance by any recognised body of which he or it is an officer with these Rules and any rules , principles or requirements of conduct applicable to recognised bodies by virtue of these Rules or section 9 of the Act .
( 1 ) it is the duty of a solicitor who or a recognised body which is an officer of a recognised body , or a registered foreign lawyer who is a director of a recognised body to take all reasonable steps to ensure compliance by any recognised body of which he or it is an officer with these rules and any rules , principles or requirements of conduct [usable] to recognised bodies by virtue of these rules or section 9 of the act .

It must however be emphasized that these powers can not be used by a solicitors ' incorporated practice to do anything in breach of the Solicitors Act 1974 , the Rules or any rules , principles or requirements of conduct applicable to incorporated practices — in this regard attention is drawn to the proviso set out in Clause 3 ( a ) .
it must however be emphasized that these powers can not be used by a solicitors ' incorporated practice to do anything in breach of the solicitors act 1974 , the rules or any rules , principles or requirements of conduct [usable] to incorporated practices — in this regard attention is drawn to the proviso set out in clause 3 ( a ) .

( t ) Subject to and in accordance with a due compliance with the provisions of Sections 155 to 158 ( inclusive ) of the Act ( if and so far as such provisions shall be applicable ) , to give , whether directly or indirectly , any kind of financial assistance ( as defined in Section 152(1) ( a ) of the Act ) for any such purpose as is specified in Section 151(1) and/or Section 151(2) of the Act .
( t ) subject to and in accordance with a due compliance with the provisions of sections 155 to 158 ( inclusive ) of the act ( if and so far as such provisions shall be [usable] ) , to give , whether directly or indirectly , any kind of financial assistance ( as defined in section 152(1) ( a ) of the act ) for any such purpose as is specified in section 151(1) and/or section 151(2) of the act .

It must however be emphasised that these powers can not be used by a solicitors ' incorporated practice to do anything in breach of the Solicitors Act 1974 , the Rules or any rules , principles or requirements of conduct applicable to incorporated practices — in this regard attention is drawn to the proviso set out in Clause 3 ( a ) .
it must however be emphasised that these powers can not be used by a solicitors ' incorporated practice to do anything in breach of the solicitors act 1974 , the rules or any rules , principles or requirements of conduct [usable] to incorporated practices — in this regard attention is drawn to the proviso set out in clause 3 ( a ) .

( t ) Subject to and in accordance with a due compliance with the provisions of Sections 155 to 158 ( inclusive ) of the Act ( if and so far as such provisions shall be applicable ) , to give , whether directly or indirectly , any kind of financial assistance ( as defined in Section 152(1) ( a ) of the Act ) for any such purpose as is specified in Section 151(1) and/or Section 151(2) of the Act .
( t ) subject to and in accordance with a due compliance with the provisions of sections 155 to 158 ( inclusive ) of the act ( if and so far as such provisions shall be [usable] ) , to give , whether directly or indirectly , any kind of financial assistance ( as defined in section 152(1) ( a ) of the act ) for any such purpose as is specified in section 151(1) and/or section 151(2) of the act .

( An even higher pension base may be applicable where the cash limit of £71,400 does not apply to old style retirement annuity contracts ) .
( an even higher pension base may be [usable] where the cash limit of £71,400 does not apply to old style retirement annuity contracts ) .

The normal rules applicable to dealings in shares will apply .
the normal rules [usable] to dealings in shares will apply .

As a description of a life-style and material standard it is applicable to times of normal and good earnings but may lose its distinctive characteristics in trades under pressure of falling incomes and growing insecurity .
as a description of a life-style and material standard it is [usable] to times of normal and good earnings but may lose its distinctive characteristics in trades under pressure of falling incomes and growing insecurity .

Professor Hobsbawm 's argument for an `` aristocracy of labour `` among nineteenth-century skilled workers depends upon the kind of material and cultural conditions and status assumptions which can certainly be found in the cases of some eighteenth-century crafts , but fluctuations in fortune make the idea less firmly applicable .
professor hobsbawm 's argument for an `` aristocracy of labour `` among nineteenth-century skilled workers depends upon the kind of material and cultural conditions and status assumptions which can certainly be found in the cases of some eighteenth-century crafts , but fluctuations in fortune make the idea less firmly [usable] .

In the following sections please rate 1–5 where applicable , using a circle for enjoyment and a cross for how useful you found it .
in the following sections please rate 1–5 where [usable] , using a circle for enjoyment and a cross for how useful you found it .

This has not proved easy and the following trilogy of United States cases give an indication of the development of tests which may be applicable in the United Kingdom ( United States law has no binding effect on the United Kingdom courts but it may be of persuasive authority , particularly in the field of computer technology ) .
this has not proved easy and the following trilogy of united states cases give an indication of the development of tests which may be [usable] in the united kingdom ( united states law has no binding effect on the united kingdom courts but it may be of persuasive authority , particularly in the field of computer technology ) .

There are some transitional arrangements to cope with designs which had been registered on or after 12th January 1988 but prior to the more rigorous standards now applicable ( that is , prior to 1st August 1989 ) and which would fail to be registrable subsequently .
there are some transitional arrangements to cope with designs which had been registered on or after 12th january 1988 but prior to the more rigorous standards now [usable] ( that is , prior to 1st august 1989 ) and which would fail to be registrable subsequently .

Please delete as applicable
please delete as [usable]

The distinction just seen with noun objects is also applicable to examples with the infinitive and will allow us to account for the distribution of to with cause and make .
the distinction just seen with noun objects is also [usable] to examples with the infinitive and will allow us to account for the distribution of to with cause and make .

This makes how + bare infinitive the equivalent of how can or how could , a paraphrase which is applicable to all of the uses attested thus far .
this makes how + bare infinitive the equivalent of how can or how could , a paraphrase which is [usable] to all of the uses attested thus far .

The following advice is for those working in a group ( the above is of course applicable also for groups ) :
the following advice is for those working in a group ( the above is of course [usable] also for groups ) :

However , just as engineers and physicists find practical use for some of the results of classical elasticity theory ( usually in semi-empirical forms ) so rheologists , polymer scientists and material scientists in general wish to find applicable parts of continuum theory , particularly when the simpler linear theories we have discussed earlier in the chapter fail .
however , just as engineers and physicists find practical use for some of the results of classical elasticity theory ( usually in semi-empirical forms ) so rheologists , polymer scientists and material scientists in general wish to find [usable] parts of continuum theory , particularly when the simpler linear theories we have discussed earlier in the chapter fail .

In some respects this wish can be granted , but in general even if applicable theory exists it is often of too great a complexity to be of use to practical scientists .
in some respects this wish can be granted , but in general even if [usable] theory exists it is often of too great a complexity to be of use to practical scientists .

We shall not outline more particular models namely the `` unit cell `` and `` short fibre `` models which are applicable when some geometry is known .
we shall not outline more particular models namely the `` unit cell `` and `` short fibre `` models which are [usable] when some geometry is known .

The basis of the theory is most simply illustrated in two dimensions ( although it is equally applicable to three ) .
the basis of the theory is most simply illustrated in two dimensions ( although it is equally [usable] to three ) .

Consequently , for polymers , the most careful liquid — water — is frequently not applicable .
consequently , for polymers , the most careful liquid — water — is frequently not [usable] .

Anatomical landmarks are not clinically applicable .
anatomical landmarks are not clinically [usable] .

The double stapling technique was never applicable in these cases because of the widely dilated and thick walled anus ; hence a hand sewn ileoanal anastomosis was required .
the double stapling technique was never [usable] in these cases because of the widely dilated and thick walled anus ; hence a hand sewn ileoanal anastomosis was required .

An overall activity index ( graded from 2 to 9 ) was then calculated on the basis of the patient 's activity ( graded from 1 ( light ) to 3 ( heavy ) ) at work , during their free time and , where applicable , during sporting activity .
an overall activity index ( graded from 2 to 9 ) was then calculated on the basis of the patient 's activity ( graded from 1 ( light ) to 3 ( heavy ) ) at work , during their free time and , where [usable] , during sporting activity .

The theorem is applicable to polygons whose constituent triangles share the above properties .
the theorem is [usable] to polygons whose constituent triangles share the above properties .

These descriptions are theatrical but are applicable in many contexts .
these descriptions are theatrical but are [usable] in many contexts .

The moon effect , therefore , is applicable only to isolated sensory stimuli .
the moon effect , therefore , is [usable] only to isolated sensory stimuli .

Its central belief , in the wisdom of the marketplace , was less than immediately applicable to the running of Kew Gardens or the British Museum .
its central belief , in the wisdom of the marketplace , was less than immediately [usable] to the running of kew gardens or the british museum .

But the same rules as before are applicable to a mortgagee who takes possession , and to a mortgagor who is in possession .
but the same rules as before are [usable] to a mortgagee who takes possession , and to a mortgagor who is in possession .

For instance , the rule of contributory negligence applicable to collisions at sea differed from that established by the common law of tort .
for instance , the rule of contributory negligence [usable] to collisions at sea differed from that established by the common law of tort .

The rules of a society and the trusts which bind its property will , in many cases , fetter its freedom of action and the application of its property , in a way very similar to the restrictions which the doctrine of ultra vires imposes on a corporation ; and in the case of some unincorporated societies , such as registered Trade Unions and Friendly Societies , which have received a peculiar status by Statute , the rule of ultra vires has been held directly applicable .
the rules of a society and the trusts which bind its property will , in many cases , fetter its freedom of action and the application of its property , in a way very similar to the restrictions which the doctrine of ultra vires imposes on a corporation ; and in the case of some unincorporated societies , such as registered trade unions and friendly societies , which have received a peculiar status by statute , the rule of ultra vires has been held directly [usable] .

Moreover , even at common law a lease which ought to be made by deed but is not will not completely fail of effect , if possession is taken and rent paid under it ; the tenant will be treated as tenant from year to year upon the terms of the lease so far as they are applicable to such a tenancy .
moreover , even at common law a lease which ought to be made by deed but is not will not completely fail of effect , if possession is taken and rent paid under it ; the tenant will be treated as tenant from year to year upon the terms of the lease so far as they are [usable] to such a tenancy .

This rule , which was formerly applicable only to equitable interests in choses in action and personal trust funds , now applies to equitable interests in all kinds of property .
this rule , which was formerly [usable] only to equitable interests in choses in action and personal trust funds , now applies to equitable interests in all kinds of property .

This is the justification of the law of bankruptcy , originally applicable only to traders , but now , with few exceptions , to all insolvent persons .
this is the justification of the law of bankruptcy , originally [usable] only to traders , but now , with few exceptions , to all insolvent persons .

In illustration of the absurdity of this ‘ scientific ’ arrogance , and teaching a lesson which is just as applicable today , he appeals to a story Gassendi told about a friend who watched a fight between a louse and a flea through a microscope .
in illustration of the absurdity of this ‘ scientific ’ arrogance , and teaching a lesson which is just as [usable] today , he appeals to a story gassendi told about a friend who watched a fight between a louse and a flea through a microscope .

Malebranche had argued , moreover , that the argument from the relativity of perception was just as applicable to primary qualities such as extension and motion : what looks small to me will seem large to a mite ; some movements may be too slow for the human eye to detect .
malebranche had argued , moreover , that the argument from the relativity of perception was just as [usable] to primary qualities such as extension and motion : what looks small to me will seem large to a mite ; some movements may be too slow for the human eye to detect .

’ In his introduction to the published plans of this and some of his other early houses he writes , ‘ Ornaments are to be cautiously introduced ; those ought only to be used that are simple , applicable and characteristic of their situations : they must be designed with regularity and be perfectly distinct in their outlines … ’ At Shotesham there are delicate plaster ceilings and a frieze of wheat-ears and hops in the entrance hall , which told of Robert Fellowes ' surrounding acres .
’ in his introduction to the published plans of this and some of his other early houses he writes , ‘ ornaments are to be cautiously introduced ; those ought only to be used that are simple , [usable] and characteristic of their situations : they must be designed with regularity and be perfectly distinct in their outlines … ’ at shotesham there are delicate plaster ceilings and a frieze of wheat-ears and hops in the entrance hall , which told of robert fellowes ' surrounding acres .

The scheme is based on a so-called ‘ applicable amount ’ , currently £54.80 a week .
the scheme is based on a so-called ‘ [usable] amount ’ , currently £54.80 a week .

This is £20.20 above the £54.80 applicable amount , and 70 per cent of this is £14.14 .
this is £20.20 above the £54.80 [usable] amount , and 70 per cent of this is £14.14 .

This adds up to £109.70 , some £54.90 above the applicable amount , and 70 per cent of that is £38.43 .
this adds up to £109.70 , some £54.90 above the [usable] amount , and 70 per cent of that is £38.43 .

Recent pressure to end the obligation of junior officers to salute or stand in the presence of their seniors and recommendations to scrap the existing discipline code for a new ‘ code of ethics ’ applicable equally to all had dangerous implications , said Deputy Assistant Commissioner Lawrence Roach .
recent pressure to end the obligation of junior officers to salute or stand in the presence of their seniors and recommendations to scrap the existing discipline code for a new ‘ code of ethics ’ [usable] equally to all had dangerous implications , said deputy assistant commissioner lawrence roach .

The cost of their food and cot where applicable should be paid directly to the Club .
the cost of their food and cot where [usable] should be paid directly to the club .

100 % reduction ) apply to the basic price ( including airport charges ) , and applicable flight supplement and meals chosen .
100 % reduction ) apply to the basic price ( including airport charges ) , and [usable] flight supplement and meals chosen .

Prices given in each resort area are the actual rates in the foreign currency and are applicable only to those who book in advance .
prices given in each resort area are the actual rates in the foreign currency and are [usable] only to those who book in advance .

Prices in sterling ( in brackets ) are shown at exchange rates applicable on 25th July 1989 and are a guide only .
prices in sterling ( in brackets ) are shown at exchange rates [usable] on 25th july 1989 and are a guide only .

The reductions details in the panel are applicable to a child who shares a room with two full-fare paying passengers .
the reductions details in the panel are [usable] to a child who shares a room with two full-fare paying passengers .

Child discounts apply to the basic holiday price and any applicable flight supplements .
child discounts apply to the basic holiday price and any [usable] flight supplements .

Any room and meal supplements that may be applicable are payable in full .
any room and meal supplements that may be [usable] are payable in full .

It is applicable to the basic holiday price with flight supplements ; any appropriate room and meal supplements are payable in full .
it is [usable] to the basic holiday price with flight supplements ; any appropriate room and meal supplements are payable in full .

Any applicable room , meal and flight supplements .
any [usable] room , meal and flight supplements .

But when calculating the price of your holiday , do n't forget to add on any applicable flight supplement detailed there .
but when calculating the price of your holiday , do n't forget to add on any [usable] flight supplement detailed there .

Flight supplements where applicable .
flight supplements where [usable] .

Coach supplements where applicable .
coach supplements where [usable] .

Accommodation and meal supplements where applicable and shown on the Price List .
accommodation and meal supplements where [usable] and shown on the price list .

At this stage , however , it is necessary to examine the relationship between our underlying approaches to managing change per se and the whole question of whether those approaches are applicable to , or congruent with , the task of changing the nature of the management function itself .
at this stage , however , it is necessary to examine the relationship between our underlying approaches to managing change per se and the whole question of whether those approaches are [usable] to , or congruent with , the task of changing the nature of the management function itself .

While not applicable in a pure form , the notion of bureaucracy provides powerful insights into the managerial processes and ideology of large parts of the education service .
while not [usable] in a pure form , the notion of bureaucracy provides powerful insights into the managerial processes and ideology of large parts of the education service .

It is equally applicable to a single tank and a single incline .
it is equally [usable] to a single tank and a single incline .

The matter has received our closest and most careful consideration and although the details were worked on in 1886 for another canal in the Manchester district ( but not used ) they are all to all intents and purposes equally applicable to the Grand Union Canal , when that canal is improved , to be of the same working capacity as the Grand Junction Canal and to carry the same vessels .
the matter has received our closest and most careful consideration and although the details were worked on in 1886 for another canal in the manchester district ( but not used ) they are all to all intents and purposes equally [usable] to the grand union canal , when that canal is improved , to be of the same working capacity as the grand junction canal and to carry the same vessels .

The line of thought initiated by William Hamilton in his interpretation of the evolution of altruism ( see p. 42 ) and developed by Robert Trivers 's theory of reciprocation ( see p. 43 ) provides a tight biological model for social change that is to a considerable degree applicable to man .
the line of thought initiated by william hamilton in his interpretation of the evolution of altruism ( see p. 42 ) and developed by robert trivers 's theory of reciprocation ( see p. 43 ) provides a tight biological model for social change that is to a considerable degree [usable] to man .

The drawing fee should include the fees for planning permission , if applicable ; and the Building Regulations full plans application ( but not the inspection fee ) .
the drawing fee should include the fees for planning permission , if [usable] ; and the building regulations full plans application ( but not the inspection fee ) .

( Please note that benefits are halved for policyholders aged 60 or over and the benefit for injury preventing you from working again would cease to be applicable .
( please note that benefits are halved for policyholders aged 60 or over and the benefit for injury preventing you from working again would cease to be [usable] .

This shows both the increase due to index-linking and , if applicable , an increase where your sum insured was previously under £17,500 .
this shows both the increase due to index-linking and , if [usable] , an increase where your sum insured was previously under £17,500 .

This shows both the increase due to index-linking and , where applicable , an increase where your sum insured was previously below the new minimum .
this shows both the increase due to index-linking and , where [usable] , an increase where your sum insured was previously below the new minimum .

The current increase in premiums ( where applicable ) is unavoidable — and it simply reflects a situation which applies to every insurance company .
the current increase in premiums ( where [usable] ) is unavoidable — and it simply reflects a situation which applies to every insurance company .

and if applicable Accidental Damage to Buildings
and if [usable] accidental damage to buildings

Your renewal notice shows the Sections you have chosen to be covered together with any endorsements applicable .
your renewal notice shows the sections you have chosen to be covered together with any endorsements [usable] .

The table below details specimen surrender values which would be applicable if the Bond was surrendered in the first five years , and are based on a monthly premium of £9 .
the table below details specimen surrender values which would be [usable] if the bond was surrendered in the first five years , and are based on a monthly premium of £9 .

Every song on the album contains something of my own experience over the last year but the words are applicable to everyone .
every song on the album contains something of my own experience over the last year but the words are [usable] to everyone .

Once the death is registered , a white certificate is issued free of charge , which contains a social security form to claim any arrears of benefits due to the estate of the deceased person and to ensure that the correct benefits are paid to the widow ( if applicable ) ; and a green certificate for burial or cremation ( see Section 2 ) .
once the death is registered , a white certificate is issued free of charge , which contains a social security form to claim any arrears of benefits due to the estate of the deceased person and to ensure that the correct benefits are paid to the widow ( if [usable] ) ; and a green certificate for burial or cremation ( see section 2 ) .

Work out the amount that the Government says you need to live on , ( this is called your applicable amount ) .
work out the amount that the government says you need to live on , ( this is called your [usable] amount ) .

What You Need To Live On ( Your Applicable Amount )
what you need to live on ( your [usable] amount )

This is called your ‘ applicable amount ’ and depends on your age and whether you are disabled or not .
this is called your ‘ [usable] amount ’ and depends on your age and whether you are disabled or not .

The main weekly applicable amounts are : Single person
the main weekly [usable] amounts are : single person

Once you have worked out your ‘ applicable amount ’ , compare this with your income .
once you have worked out your ‘ [usable] amount ’ , compare this with your income .

If your income is the same as or less than your applicable amount , you will receive maximum community charge benefit of 80% .
if your income is the same as or less than your [usable] amount , you will receive maximum community charge benefit of 80% .

If your income is more than your ‘ applicable amount ’ the maximum benefit you could get is reduced by 15 % ( 15p in every £1 ) of the difference between the applicable amount and the income .
if your income is more than your ‘ [usable] amount ’ the maximum benefit you could get is reduced by 15 % ( 15p in every £1 ) of the difference between the [usable] amount and the income .

For example , if a person 's income exceeds their applicable amount by £10.00 per week , their maximum rebate will be reduced by £1.50p ( 15 % of £10 ) .
for example , if a person 's income exceeds their [usable] amount by £10.00 per week , their maximum rebate will be reduced by £1.50p ( 15 % of £10 ) .

The ‘ applicable amount ’ for a couple where one is aged 80 or more is is £88.45 .
the ‘ [usable] amount ’ for a couple where one is aged 80 or more is is £88.45 .

Their income is higher than their applicable amount .
their income is higher than their [usable] amount .

The applicable amount for a single person aged 60 to 74 is : £53.40 .
the [usable] amount for a single person aged 60 to 74 is : £53.40 .

His income is higher than his ‘ applicable amount ’ .
his income is higher than his ‘ [usable] amount ’ .

They are words that can be made to mean different things , and are applicable as such to the story of Jaromil 's poetic progress from private to public , which can also be recognised as a simultaneity of the two , based on an enduring self-engrossment .
they are words that can be made to mean different things , and are [usable] as such to the story of jaromil 's poetic progress from private to public , which can also be recognised as a simultaneity of the two , based on an enduring self-engrossment .

Such tests are applicable to :
such tests are [usable] to :

The Engager engages the Leader to provide a combination of — musicians ( number ) appearing as — ( name of band/group ) to perform for : *dancing/cabaret accompaniment/stage show/background music ( *delete whichever is not applicable ) at — ( venue address ) from — am/pm until — am/pm on — ( date ) 2 .
the engager engages the leader to provide a combination of — musicians ( number ) appearing as — ( name of band/group ) to perform for : *dancing/cabaret accompaniment/stage show/background music ( *delete whichever is not [usable] ) at — ( venue address ) from — am/pm until — am/pm on — ( date ) 2 .

it may not be applicable to all contaminated aquifers , in that low permeability or highly sorptive soils may prevent full dispersion of the microorganisms through the aquifer ;
it may not be [usable] to all contaminated aquifers , in that low permeability or highly sorptive soils may prevent full dispersion of the microorganisms through the aquifer ;

He could not accept that Christ 's Atonement was not in some sense , applicable to the entire human race .
he could not accept that christ 's atonement was not in some sense , [usable] to the entire human race .

He had not learned the applicable procedures yet .
he had not learned the [usable] procedures yet .

Although these technical advances will not significantly alter the dominant influence of climate on the length of the growing season or on the difficulty of harvesting crops in the hills , the ideas on which they are based seem to be relevant and applicable to a wide range of hill environments and can accommodate many of the regional variations in farming practice .
although these technical advances will not significantly alter the dominant influence of climate on the length of the growing season or on the difficulty of harvesting crops in the hills , the ideas on which they are based seem to be relevant and [usable] to a wide range of hill environments and can accommodate many of the regional variations in farming practice .

Some of the conclusions from this literature do seem applicable to our topic , and they will be considered at the end of this section .
some of the conclusions from this literature do seem [usable] to our topic , and they will be considered at the end of this section .

While these shifts in emphasis have special relevance for countries in the less developed regions of the world , they are also applicable to the more developed countries .
while these shifts in emphasis have special relevance for countries in the less developed regions of the world , they are also [usable] to the more developed countries .

Cognitive therapy has sometimes been accused of being only applicable to the ‘ intellectual ’ client .
cognitive therapy has sometimes been accused of being only [usable] to the ‘ intellectual ’ client .

Would it not be preferable to broaden the defence of diminished responsibility so as to convert it into a defence of extreme emotional disturbance , applicable to both sexes ?
would it not be preferable to broaden the defence of diminished responsibility so as to convert it into a defence of extreme emotional disturbance , [usable] to both sexes ?

In Seymour the House of Lords seemed to be principally concerned with manslaughter committed with a motor vehicle , but subsequent cases establish that the test of ‘ obvious and serious risk of physical injury to some person ’ is applicable to offences using different methods , such as fire .
in seymour the house of lords seemed to be principally concerned with manslaughter committed with a motor vehicle , but subsequent cases establish that the test of ‘ obvious and serious risk of physical injury to some person ’ is [usable] to offences using different methods , such as fire .

Some preventive rules , together with endangerment offences , can be seen in a variety of other situations , but nowhere is there such a detailed and fairly widely known set of standards as that applicable to drivers on the roads .
some preventive rules , together with endangerment offences , can be seen in a variety of other situations , but nowhere is there such a detailed and fairly widely known set of standards as that [usable] to drivers on the roads .

As Wordsworth wrote , ‘ Nothing was more difficult for me in childhood than to admit the notion of death as a state applicable to my own being … ’ The instincts of Robert Louis Stevenson — that sanguine consumptive with the heart of a child — told him much the same :
as wordsworth wrote , ‘ nothing was more difficult for me in childhood than to admit the notion of death as a state [usable] to my own being … ’ the instincts of robert louis stevenson — that sanguine consumptive with the heart of a child — told him much the same :

Thermoluminescence is a complementary technique in the material and date range to which it is applicable ; it also enables the authenticity of ceramics to be tested .
thermoluminescence is a complementary technique in the material and date range to which it is [usable] ; it also enables the authenticity of ceramics to be tested .

There is no single solution applicable to every operation .
there is no single solution [usable] to every operation .

General purpose cleaner : There is no such material applicable to the food industry .
general purpose cleaner : there is no such material [usable] to the food industry .

Revusky ( 1971 , 1977 ) has developed an account of the role of interference effects in associative learning that has proved applicable to a wide range of phenomena .
revusky ( 1971 , 1977 ) has developed an account of the role of interference effects in associative learning that has proved [usable] to a wide range of phenomena .

The invention also became applicable in other fields , including banking .
the invention also became [usable] in other fields , including banking .

The theory is less applicable to land animals , but it is supported by the paler back of a sloth that lives upside-down .
the theory is less [usable] to land animals , but it is supported by the paler back of a sloth that lives upside-down .

‘ The only qualifications they would need would be common sense , a judicial temperament and an elementary knowledge of the limited aspects of the law which are applicable to such disputes , ’ Lord Donaldson said .
‘ the only qualifications they would need would be common sense , a judicial temperament and an elementary knowledge of the limited aspects of the law which are [usable] to such disputes , ’ lord donaldson said .

The examples are not always abstract ballets , because the three aspects described above are applicable to most choreography if music and dance are to be equal partners in a ballet .
the examples are not always abstract ballets , because the three aspects described above are [usable] to most choreography if music and dance are to be equal partners in a ballet .

which were and still are a display of dances that may or may not be applicable to the plot .
which were and still are a display of dances that may or may not be [usable] to the plot .

For the purpose of a choreographic grammar the word ‘ impetus ’ can be interpreted in three ways ali of which are applicable to the design .
for the purpose of a choreographic grammar the word ‘ impetus ’ can be interpreted in three ways ali of which are [usable] to the design .

The scheme is based on a so-called ‘ applicable amount ’ , currently £54.80 a week .
the scheme is based on a so-called ‘ [usable] amount ’ , currently £54.80 a week .

This is £20.20 above the £54.80 applicable amount , and 70 per cent of this is £14.14 .
this is £20.20 above the £54.80 [usable] amount , and 70 per cent of this is £14.14 .

This adds up to £109.70 , some £54.90 above the applicable amount , and 70 per cent of that is £38.43 .
this adds up to £109.70 , some £54.90 above the [usable] amount , and 70 per cent of that is £38.43 .

The scheme is based on a so-called ‘ applicable amount ’ , currently £54.80 a week .
the scheme is based on a so-called ‘ [usable] amount ’ , currently £54.80 a week .

This is £20.20 above the £54.80 applicable amount , and 70 per cent of this is £14.14 .
this is £20.20 above the £54.80 [usable] amount , and 70 per cent of this is £14.14 .

This adds up to £109.70 , some £54.90 above the applicable amount , and 70 per cent of that is £38.43 .
this adds up to £109.70 , some £54.90 above the [usable] amount , and 70 per cent of that is £38.43 .

His institute claims the record for growing bananas at the highest altitude using passive solar heating alone , among other more widely applicable examples of energy efficiency .
his institute claims the record for growing bananas at the highest altitude using passive solar heating alone , among other more widely [usable] examples of energy efficiency .

The principles we advocate in paragraphs 16.46 to 16.48 for record-keeping at the primary phase are also applicable for the record for pupils in key stages 3 and 4 .
the principles we advocate in paragraphs 16.46 to 16.48 for record-keeping at the primary phase are also [usable] for the record for pupils in key stages 3 and 4 .

Does the vehicle comply with the construction and use regulations applicable to its age ?
does the vehicle comply with the construction and use regulations [usable] to its age ?

However , many discussions of nationalism assume that the topic remains the same regardless of time and place , so that explanations are equally applicable to all cases .
however , many discussions of nationalism assume that the topic remains the same regardless of time and place , so that explanations are equally [usable] to all cases .

But even this is not as extensive as it appears at first sight for , in conducting an investigation on a complaint , the Tribunal must apply ‘ the principles applicable by a court on an application for judicial review ’ .
but even this is not as extensive as it appears at first sight for , in conducting an investigation on a complaint , the tribunal must apply ‘ the principles [usable] by a court on an application for judicial review ’ .

The criterion-basis of the new examination seemed to open up the possibility of an assessment system that would be public , open , and uniform , yet applicable to virtually all pupils in school , whatever their ability .
the criterion-basis of the new examination seemed to open up the possibility of an assessment system that would be public , open , and uniform , yet [usable] to virtually all pupils in school , whatever their ability .

The psychological insights which he might once have applied were no longer applicable ; thus , like most people , like all of us would in a similar circumstance , the degree to which he could realistically perceive what was going on within his body and what was becoming of him came and went .
the psychological insights which he might once have applied were no longer [usable] ; thus , like most people , like all of us would in a similar circumstance , the degree to which he could realistically perceive what was going on within his body and what was becoming of him came and went .

This is only applicable if you are selling a property and is usually between one and two per cent of the purchase price .
this is only [usable] if you are selling a property and is usually between one and two per cent of the purchase price .

On the top right-hand of the page write the heading ‘ Expenses ’ and list underneath that heading any of the items below that are applicable :
on the top right-hand of the page write the heading ‘ expenses ’ and list underneath that heading any of the items below that are [usable] :

that ‘ the work depicts or describes , in a patently offensive way , sexual conduct specifically defined by the applicable state law ’ ;
that ‘ the work depicts or describes , in a patently offensive way , sexual conduct specifically defined by the [usable] state law ’ ;

Likewise , concepts which are used in abstract glossaries of urban regeneration good practice need to be examined in practice before they can be accepted as universally applicable .
likewise , concepts which are used in abstract glossaries of urban regeneration good practice need to be examined in practice before they can be accepted as universally [usable] .

It may be applicable to an individual firm , but not to the economy as a whole — if real wages were reduced throughout the economy , this would reduce aggregate demand and so may increase rather than reduce the actual level of unemployment .
it may be [usable] to an individual firm , but not to the economy as a whole — if real wages were reduced throughout the economy , this would reduce aggregate demand and so may increase rather than reduce the actual level of unemployment .

They consist of a clearly stated objective , which is feasible and practical , stated in terms of quantity when applicable and achievable in a definite time period .
they consist of a clearly stated objective , which is feasible and practical , stated in terms of quantity when [usable] and achievable in a definite time period .

stated in terms of quantity when applicable
stated in terms of quantity when [usable]

Guy 's Hospital colleagues were particularly disappointed that the project could not be carried out in Southwark , and it was therefore agreed that we should seek a similar , inner London , largely working-class borough with an established psychogeriatric service , so that findings might be applicable to the Southwark situation .
guy 's hospital colleagues were particularly disappointed that the project could not be carried out in southwark , and it was therefore agreed that we should seek a similar , inner london , largely working-class borough with an established psychogeriatric service , so that findings might be [usable] to the southwark situation .

The point is of some importance since a number of rules of procedure are growing to be applicable to Cabinet Committees and we ought to know where there is a real , useful distinction or whether it is merely the pragmatical difference that some are serviced by the Cabinet Office and some are not .
the point is of some importance since a number of rules of procedure are growing to be [usable] to cabinet committees and we ought to know where there is a real , useful distinction or whether it is merely the pragmatical difference that some are serviced by the cabinet office and some are not .

Egan 's four-stage problem management model , so essential in basic training , is also regarded as applicable to management problems .
egan 's four-stage problem management model , so essential in basic training , is also regarded as [usable] to management problems .

If your employer 's trade or business is sold , your job rights will depend upon whether or not the Transfer of Undertakings ( Protection of Employment ) Regulations of 1981 are applicable .
if your employer 's trade or business is sold , your job rights will depend upon whether or not the transfer of undertakings ( protection of employment ) regulations of 1981 are [usable] .

the maximum amount of a week 's pay taken into account with effect from 1 April 1990 is £184 per week , but that figure is reviewed from time to time . The amount currently applicable should be checked with the Department of Employment ;
the maximum amount of a week 's pay taken into account with effect from 1 april 1990 is £184 per week , but that figure is reviewed from time to time . the amount currently [usable] should be checked with the department of employment ;

The age limit in unfair dismissal law was discussed in Chapter 6 ; that applicable to redundancy payment rights was mentioned in Chapter 17 .
the age limit in unfair dismissal law was discussed in chapter 6 ; that [usable] to redundancy payment rights was mentioned in chapter 17 .

With variations , this appears to be a model applicable to most of the prominent east-west trending Tertiary anticlines in southern England , as discussed by Stoneley ( 1982 ) , who linked their origin to plate tectonic events in the North Atlantic region .
with variations , this appears to be a model [usable] to most of the prominent east-west trending tertiary anticlines in southern england , as discussed by stoneley ( 1982 ) , who linked their origin to plate tectonic events in the north atlantic region .

Unfortunately , no single definition of a singularity has yet been found which is applicable to all situations .
unfortunately , no single definition of a singularity has yet been found which is [usable] to all situations .

But such generalizations as these , while perhaps being applicable to a few individuals of each country , can reasonably be said to be prejudiced statements based on inadequate sampling .
but such generalizations as these , while perhaps being [usable] to a few individuals of each country , can reasonably be said to be prejudiced statements based on inadequate sampling .

The essential idea is that the purpose of learning is to illuminate people 's understanding of the environments ( sets of circumstances ) they ( will ) experience : The learning of skills , knowledge and so on must be applicable in some form , or it is dead .
the essential idea is that the purpose of learning is to illuminate people 's understanding of the environments ( sets of circumstances ) they ( will ) experience : the learning of skills , knowledge and so on must be [usable] in some form , or it is dead .

In particular , the benefits are only guaranteed if the rate of tax on policyholders funds applicable to Life Insurance Companies remains at 25 % .
in particular , the benefits are only guaranteed if the rate of tax on policyholders funds [usable] to life insurance companies remains at 25 % .

The proceeds of the Guaranteed Capital Bond will reflect the rate of tax on policyholders ' funds applicable to Life Insurance Companies on the maturity of the Bond .
the proceeds of the guaranteed capital bond will reflect the rate of tax on policyholders ' funds [usable] to life insurance companies on the maturity of the bond .

The guarantee that you will at least receive an amount equal to your original investment at the end of five years will be unaffected by any change in the rate of tax on policyholders ' funds applicable to Life Insurance Companies .
the guarantee that you will at least receive an amount equal to your original investment at the end of five years will be unaffected by any change in the rate of tax on policyholders ' funds [usable] to life insurance companies .

There are just six fundamental interpersonal skills which give us a process that is equally applicable in ill situations .
there are just six fundamental interpersonal skills which give us a process that is equally [usable] in ill situations .

Notice also how these skills provide us with a timeless wisdom , applicable to all people-situations anywhere .
notice also how these skills provide us with a timeless wisdom , [usable] to all people-situations anywhere .

The second meaning is therefore more applicable and this equates so-called natural behaviour with skilled behaviour .
the second meaning is therefore more [usable] and this equates so-called natural behaviour with skilled behaviour .

As we saw in section 5.2 , recent changes in the nature of local politics may well have made the ideal-type of the dual state no longer applicable .
as we saw in section 5.2 , recent changes in the nature of local politics may well have made the ideal-type of the dual state no longer [usable] .

It is based on the assumption that commercial confidence in inter-state transactions will only flourish when the framework of company law and business regulation applicable in each member state is the same .
it is based on the assumption that commercial confidence in inter-state transactions will only flourish when the framework of company law and business regulation [usable] in each member state is the same .

Under the Listing Particulars Directive , it is a condition of admission to listing that the issuer publishes listing particulars which contain , in as easily analysable and comprehensive a form as possible , the applicable items listed in the Directive .
under the listing particulars directive , it is a condition of admission to listing that the issuer publishes listing particulars which contain , in as easily analysable and comprehensive a form as possible , the [usable] items listed in the directive .

We summarise below the scope and development of those doctrines , before examining the extent to which they remain applicable in the context of the Merger Regulation .
we summarise below the scope and development of those doctrines , before examining the extent to which they remain [usable] in the context of the merger regulation .

The currently applicable block exemption Regulation , issued by the Commission in 1985 , exempts specialisation agreements coupled with exclusive purchasing conditions subject to certain conditions .
the currently [usable] block exemption regulation , issued by the commission in 1985 , exempts specialisation agreements coupled with exclusive purchasing conditions subject to certain conditions .

One that takes time to appear is the creation of a data base of information applicable to a whole range of products .
one that takes time to appear is the creation of a data base of information [usable] to a whole range of products .

This had introduced them to mechanisms which suggested a terminology applicable to their own science making it possible for them at last to give the behaviourists , who had been giving those not of their ilk a hard time , some of their own medicine .
this had introduced them to mechanisms which suggested a terminology [usable] to their own science making it possible for them at last to give the behaviourists , who had been giving those not of their ilk a hard time , some of their own medicine .

The current interest in problem solving arises from the recognition that : • problem solving is a common everyday phenomenon • problem solving can be taught and learned ( and has not been in the past ) • problem-solving skills are applicable in most fields • problem solving can be fun .
the current interest in problem solving arises from the recognition that : • problem solving is a common everyday phenomenon • problem solving can be taught and learned ( and has not been in the past ) • problem-solving skills are [usable] in most fields • problem solving can be fun .

The application of sophisticated mathematical techniques and other Blue Skies approaches in engineering may come about through collaboration , but the important point to realise is that once formal or rigorous methods have been developed and applied successfully in one field of engineering , they may be applicable , suitably modified , to others and perhaps lead to more reliable specifications and designs in general .
the application of sophisticated mathematical techniques and other blue skies approaches in engineering may come about through collaboration , but the important point to realise is that once formal or rigorous methods have been developed and applied successfully in one field of engineering , they may be [usable] , suitably modified , to others and perhaps lead to more reliable specifications and designs in general .

They are also written in such a way as to be applicable to the most popular makes of computer , by giving variations in programming where necessary .
they are also written in such a way as to be [usable] to the most popular makes of computer , by giving variations in programming where necessary .

But scientists and lay practitioners alike must recognise that the terms and concepts used in alternative systems of medicine may have no exact equivalent in Western medicine , and must to some extent be-seen as metaphors ; and that standard ways of assessing therapy , notably by the double-blind controlled trial , may simply not be applicable to many alternative systems .
but scientists and lay practitioners alike must recognise that the terms and concepts used in alternative systems of medicine may have no exact equivalent in western medicine , and must to some extent be-seen as metaphors ; and that standard ways of assessing therapy , notably by the double-blind controlled trial , may simply not be [usable] to many alternative systems .

This title might be especially applicable to the Protestant Church , because of its ‘ established ’ status , that is , as the church which is instituted by law and supported by the state , the government and the taxpayer .
this title might be especially [usable] to the protestant church , because of its ‘ established ’ status , that is , as the church which is instituted by law and supported by the state , the government and the taxpayer .

These , among others , are connected with the somewhat mathematical concept which may have been generated by the introduction of the use of the word ‘ unit ’ as applicable to ‘ goodness ’ .
these , among others , are connected with the somewhat mathematical concept which may have been generated by the introduction of the use of the word ‘ unit ’ as [usable] to ‘ goodness ’ .

The foregoing is fully applicable to the motivation of all those individuals who influenced the events which were creating the religious climate and who , unbeknown to themselves were contributing to the Created God .
the foregoing is fully [usable] to the motivation of all those individuals who influenced the events which were creating the religious climate and who , unbeknown to themselves were contributing to the created god .

The fourth meaning appears to be a combination of the first and third meanings where non-sexual and sexual attraction are combined , and which seems also to be applicable to human beings only .
the fourth meaning appears to be a combination of the first and third meanings where non-sexual and sexual attraction are combined , and which seems also to be [usable] to human beings only .

One of the young readers in his study , Joanne , is reading James Herbert 's horror book , The rats , and he comments that ‘ The rats is trash ; but from the practice of reading trash a reader can still derive experience of fiction applicable in later reading .
one of the young readers in his study , joanne , is reading james herbert 's horror book , the rats , and he comments that ‘ the rats is trash ; but from the practice of reading trash a reader can still derive experience of fiction [usable] in later reading .

Traditional procedures were no longer necessarily applicable and new systems of building procurement , the process of securing the design and construction of a building from its inception to completion , were devised .
traditional procedures were no longer necessarily [usable] and new systems of building procurement , the process of securing the design and construction of a building from its inception to completion , were devised .

Original Savoy titles have been painstakingly transferred to digital disc from either original Savoy lacquer masters or tape masters where applicable .
original savoy titles have been painstakingly transferred to digital disc from either original savoy lacquer masters or tape masters where [usable] .

First , there is the conversion of a sol ( a colloidal solution ) to a gel ( or an infinitely connected network of polymer chains ) , which is approximately described as formally similar to a critical phenomenon , and for which the formalism of scaling theories is applicable and secondly , the conversion of the gel to a much less compliant , rigid glass , which is governed by diffusion processes .
first , there is the conversion of a sol ( a colloidal solution ) to a gel ( or an infinitely connected network of polymer chains ) , which is approximately described as formally similar to a critical phenomenon , and for which the formalism of scaling theories is [usable] and secondly , the conversion of the gel to a much less compliant , rigid glass , which is governed by diffusion processes .

Items lost or found should , however , be reported to the Campus Security Desk and , if applicable , a Lost Property Form completed .
items lost or found should , however , be reported to the campus security desk and , if [usable] , a lost property form completed .

Possibilities for transfer or delayed choice are outlined , where applicable , in the course information sections .
possibilities for transfer or delayed choice are outlined , where [usable] , in the course information sections .

‘ aO ’ level in Applicable Mathematics ; Mathematics and Theoretical Mechanics ; Pure Mathematics and Probability
‘ ao ’ level in [usable] mathematics ; mathematics and theoretical mechanics ; pure mathematics and probability

The role of the computer in solving such problems is stressed and solution techniques are taught in conjunction with the relevant foundations in applicable pure mathematics .
the role of the computer in solving such problems is stressed and solution techniques are taught in conjunction with the relevant foundations in [usable] pure mathematics .

Give your Theatrecard/Friends membership number to ensure priority booking ( if applicable )
give your theatrecard/friends membership number to ensure priority booking ( if [usable] )

After Easter the hours are extended as follows : Tickets reserved by phone will be held for three days or where applicable , until one hour before the performance .
after easter the hours are extended as follows : tickets reserved by phone will be held for three days or where [usable] , until one hour before the performance .

Tickets reserved by phone will be held for four days or where applicable , until one hour before the performance .
tickets reserved by phone will be held for four days or where [usable] , until one hour before the performance .

The principles are equally applicable in many other therapeutic situations , not just those involving patients who have taken overdoses .
the principles are equally [usable] in many other therapeutic situations , not just those involving patients who have taken overdoses .

The discussion will be confined largely to general principles of treatment which should be applicable in most hospital settings , because a comprehensive description of all aspects of treatment is beyond the scope of this book .
the discussion will be confined largely to general principles of treatment which should be [usable] in most hospital settings , because a comprehensive description of all aspects of treatment is beyond the scope of this book .

This method is applicable to all the above payment methods ( except advance payments ) .
this method is [usable] to all the above payment methods ( except advance payments ) .

Asset values are certainly not applicable as security for government loans , as countries can not be liquidated .
asset values are certainly not [usable] as security for government loans , as countries can not be liquidated .

Let us now consider some of the economic and political factors generally incorporated into country risk assessment models applicable to non-OECD countries .
let us now consider some of the economic and political factors generally incorporated into country risk assessment models [usable] to non-oecd countries .

The headings used , by way of illustration , are : general reference publications applicable to a wide variety of subjects and periods , social structure , local government , agriculture , trade and industry , personal prosperity , housing , religion , and education .
the headings used , by way of illustration , are : general reference publications [usable] to a wide variety of subjects and periods , social structure , local government , agriculture , trade and industry , personal prosperity , housing , religion , and education .

General rules are difficult to give because each disciplinary encounter is unique , given the specific circumstances and the individual personalities involved . Ignoring is not applicable :
general rules are difficult to give because each disciplinary encounter is unique , given the specific circumstances and the individual personalities involved . ignoring is not [usable] :

Thus microclimate effects can have major short-term implications for local populations ( such as those brought about by the photochemical smogs of Los Angeles ) , are often applicable only over areas of a few hectares or less and may operate on a diurnal cycle .
thus microclimate effects can have major short-term implications for local populations ( such as those brought about by the photochemical smogs of los angeles ) , are often [usable] only over areas of a few hectares or less and may operate on a diurnal cycle .

Classical economic assumptions about market competition are not directly applicable in this situation , even in a “ mature ” industry like apparel .
classical economic assumptions about market competition are not directly [usable] in this situation , even in a “ mature ” industry like apparel .

Note that the information and manufacturing practices examined here are not specific to the apparel industry—in fact , most were originally introduced in other sectors—but are applicable to a wide variety of consumer product industries .
note that the information and manufacturing practices examined here are not specific to the apparel industry—in fact , most were originally introduced in other sectors—but are [usable] to a wide variety of consumer product industries .

One clause prescribes “ establishment of religion ” ; the other mandates “ the free exercise of religion. ” For the past thirty years or so , the tendency has been to read these two clauses together to prohibit both the state financing of religious activities and the state ’ s favoring one religion by granting to believers special exemptions from the laws applicable to everyone.31 The opposition claims that religious reasons warrant exceptional treatment , say , for refusing to work on one ’ s personal Sabbath,32 for using hallucinatory drugs,33 or for keeping one ’ s children out of school in violation of truancy laws.34 Again the conflict is between equality and freedom .
one clause prescribes “ establishment of religion ” ; the other mandates “ the free exercise of religion. ” for the past thirty years or so , the tendency has been to read these two clauses together to prohibit both the state financing of religious activities and the state ’ s favoring one religion by granting to believers special exemptions from the laws [usable] to everyone.31 the opposition claims that religious reasons warrant exceptional treatment , say , for refusing to work on one ’ s personal sabbath,32 for using hallucinatory drugs,33 or for keeping one ’ s children out of school in violation of truancy laws.34 again the conflict is between equality and freedom .

The faithful object and insist on the teaching found in Matthew 22:21 : “ Render therefore , unto Caesar the things which are Caesar ’ s ; and unto God , the things that are God ’ s. ” 35 The constitutional right to “ freedom of religion , ” they argue , requires special exemptions for those who dissent , as a matter of conscience , from the laws applicable to others .
the faithful object and insist on the teaching found in matthew 22:21 : “ render therefore , unto caesar the things which are caesar ’ s ; and unto god , the things that are god ’ s. ” 35 the constitutional right to “ freedom of religion , ” they argue , requires special exemptions for those who dissent , as a matter of conscience , from the laws [usable] to others .

I suspect that there may be a natural extension to rational expectations applicable to human and any strategic agents , and I report a body of work suggested by me but largely carried out by Vince Darley at Harvard for his doctoral thesis .
i suspect that there may be a natural extension to rational expectations [usable] to human and any strategic agents , and i report a body of work suggested by me but largely carried out by vince darley at harvard for his doctoral thesis .

Papers that are clinically applicable to functioning practice in the emergency department and the trauma center belong in those journals .
papers that are clinically [usable] to functioning practice in the emergency department and the trauma center belong in those journals .

GAO has previously recommended that reorganizations should emphasize an integrated approach ; that reorganization plans should be designed to achieve specific , identifiable goals ; and that careful attention to fundamental public sector management practices and principles , such as strong financial , technology , and human capital management , are critical to the successful implementation of government reorganizations.8 Similarly , GAO has also suggested that reorganizations may be warranted based on the significance of the problems requiring resolution , as well as the extent and level of coordination and interaction necessary with other entities in order to resolve problems or achieve overall objectives.9 GAO , based on its own work as well as a review of other applicable studies of approaches to the organization and structure of entities , has concluded that the Congress should consider utilizing specific criteria as a guide to creating and implementing the new department .
gao has previously recommended that reorganizations should emphasize an integrated approach ; that reorganization plans should be designed to achieve specific , identifiable goals ; and that careful attention to fundamental public sector management practices and principles , such as strong financial , technology , and human capital management , are critical to the successful implementation of government reorganizations.8 similarly , gao has also suggested that reorganizations may be warranted based on the significance of the problems requiring resolution , as well as the extent and level of coordination and interaction necessary with other entities in order to resolve problems or achieve overall objectives.9 gao , based on its own work as well as a review of other [usable] studies of approaches to the organization and structure of entities , has concluded that the congress should consider utilizing specific criteria as a guide to creating and implementing the new department .

In addition , the agencies disaggregated data from agencywide surveys so that the results were applicable to the senior executives ' customers and employees .
in addition , the agencies disaggregated data from agencywide surveys so that the results were [usable] to the senior executives ' customers and employees .

BLM , FHWA , IRS , and VBA disaggregated the data from agencywide customer and employee satisfaction surveys so that the results were applicable to a senior executive 's customers and employees .
blm , fhwa , irs , and vba disaggregated the data from agencywide customer and employee satisfaction surveys so that the results were [usable] to a senior executive 's customers and employees .

For example , from its Use Authorization Survey administered to its various customers in fiscal year 2000 , BLM disaggregated the survey data to provide the applicable results to individual senior executives who head the state offices .
for example , from its use authorization survey administered to its various customers in fiscal year 2000 , blm disaggregated the survey data to provide the [usable] results to individual senior executives who head the state offices .

Service delivery : The executive leads the regional office in the pursuit of outstanding performance in all applicable program areas , and as a team member helps the Service Delivery Network and VBA as a whole to improve performance .
service delivery : the executive leads the regional office in the pursuit of outstanding performance in all [usable] program areas , and as a team member helps the service delivery network and vba as a whole to improve performance .

For example , for organizational support and teamwork , the executive 's performance is acceptable if the rater determines that completion of projects and innovations is substantially equal to agreed-upon expectations and the executive demonstrates cooperation with other executives in the attainment of these goals where applicable .
for example , for organizational support and teamwork , the executive 's performance is acceptable if the rater determines that completion of projects and innovations is substantially equal to agreed-upon expectations and the executive demonstrates cooperation with other executives in the attainment of these goals where [usable] .

The executive will accomplish this by adhering to VBA 's program integrity directives and the Inspector General recommendations that are applicable and ensuring that on-site reviews do not reveal critical flaws in oversight of program integrity issues .
the executive will accomplish this by adhering to vba 's program integrity directives and the inspector general recommendations that are [usable] and ensuring that on-site reviews do not reveal critical flaws in oversight of program integrity issues .

Our review indicates that the agencies , except as noted above , complied with the applicable requirements .
our review indicates that the agencies , except as noted above , complied with the [usable] requirements .

Our review indicates that HCFA complied with the applicable requirements .
our review indicates that hcfa complied with the [usable] requirements .

The first prong would represent basic reporting applicable to all public companies .
the first prong would represent basic reporting [usable] to all public companies .

As a result , the GAO issued new independence standards applicable to audits of federal departments and agencies and entities that receive federal funds , and the Sarbanes-Oxley legislation limited the ability of auditors of public companies to perform certain non-audit services for their audit clients .
as a result , the gao issued new independence standards [usable] to audits of federal departments and agencies and entities that receive federal funds , and the sarbanes-oxley legislation limited the ability of auditors of public companies to perform certain non-audit services for their audit clients .

Our review indicates that the Commission complied with the applicable requirements .
our review indicates that the commission complied with the [usable] requirements .

According to NHTSA 's legal analysis detailed in the Supplementary Information , section 330 of the Appropriations Act precluded the agency from prescribing any CAFE standard different from the most recent standards prescribed at the time of its enactment -- those applicable to model year 1997 .
according to nhtsa 's legal analysis detailed in the supplementary information , section 330 of the appropriations act precluded the agency from prescribing any cafe standard different from the most recent standards prescribed at the time of its enactment -- those [usable] to model year 1997 .

Thus , according to NHTSA , section 330 deprived the agency of the discretion it otherwise would have under section 32902 to determine the applicable standard under the criteria set forth therein .
thus , according to nhtsa , section 330 deprived the agency of the discretion it otherwise would have under section 32902 to determine the [usable] standard under the criteria set forth therein .

Although these internal control components are applicable to the entirety of an organization 's operations , 6this executive guide focuses on internal controls as they relate to reducing improper payments .
although these internal control components are [usable] to the entirety of an organization 's operations , 6this executive guide focuses on internal controls as they relate to reducing improper payments .

Accordingly , IRD has adopted a code of conduct applicable to all employees that explains the standards of integrity and behavior expected .
accordingly , ird has adopted a code of conduct [usable] to all employees that explains the standards of integrity and behavior expected .

Although most of the organizations were private enterprises motivated by the desire to earn profits , their information security concerns focused on providing high-quality reliable service to their customers and business partners , avoiding fraud and disclosures of sensitive information , promoting efficient operations , and complying with applicable laws and regulations .
although most of the organizations were private enterprises motivated by the desire to earn profits , their information security concerns focused on providing high-quality reliable service to their customers and business partners , avoiding fraud and disclosures of sensitive information , promoting efficient operations , and complying with [usable] laws and regulations .

In addition , the standards should foster the improvement of accounting systems and internal controls that will help provide reasonable assurance to users that government activities have been conducted economically , efficiently , and effectively , and in compliance with applicable laws and regulations .
in addition , the standards should foster the improvement of accounting systems and internal controls that will help provide reasonable assurance to users that government activities have been conducted economically , efficiently , and effectively , and in compliance with [usable] laws and regulations .

This belief is consistent with the requirements of the Federal Financial Management Improvement Act of 1996 which states that `` each agency shall implement and maintain financial management systems that comply substantially with Federal financial management systems requirements , applicable Federal accounting standards , and the United States Government Standard General Ledger at the transaction level .
this belief is consistent with the requirements of the federal financial management improvement act of 1996 which states that `` each agency shall implement and maintain financial management systems that comply substantially with federal financial management systems requirements , [usable] federal accounting standards , and the united states government standard general ledger at the transaction level .

FASAB staff will examine , as appropriate , applicable literature and consult with knowledgeable persons and draft an Interpretation of Federal Financial Accounting Standards .
fasab staff will examine , as appropriate , [usable] literature and consult with knowledgeable persons and draft an interpretation of federal financial accounting standards .

The combined effect of these components equals the effective interest , which is directly defined as the present value of the loans receivable times the Treasury interest rate applicable to the particular loans ( i.e. , the interest rate used to calculate the present value of the direct loans when the direct loans were disbursed ) .
the combined effect of these components equals the effective interest , which is directly defined as the present value of the loans receivable times the treasury interest rate [usable] to the particular loans ( i.e. , the interest rate used to calculate the present value of the direct loans when the direct loans were disbursed ) .

The deferred maintenance standard is applicable to all PP & E whether the PP & E is reported as general PP & E or stewardship PP & E .
the deferred maintenance standard is [usable] to all pp & e whether the pp & e is reported as general pp & e or stewardship pp & e .

ACTUAL COST - An amount determined on the basis of cost incurred including standard cost properly adjusted for applicable variance .
actual cost - an amount determined on the basis of cost incurred including standard cost properly adjusted for [usable] variance .

It is the interest rate applicable at the time of modification on marketable Treasury securities with a similar maturity to the remaining maturity of the direct or guaranteed loans , under either pre-modification terms , or post-modification terms , whichever is appropriate .
it is the interest rate [usable] at the time of modification on marketable treasury securities with a similar maturity to the remaining maturity of the direct or guaranteed loans , under either pre-modification terms , or post-modification terms , whichever is appropriate .

The discount rate used for the calculation is the average interest rate ( yield ) on marketable Treasury securities of similar maturity to the loan , applicable to the time when the loans are disbursed .
the discount rate used for the calculation is the average interest rate ( yield ) on marketable treasury securities of similar maturity to the loan , [usable] to the time when the loans are disbursed .

The discount rate used for the calculation is the average interest rate ( yield ) on marketable Treasury securities of similar maturity to the loan guarantees , applicable to the time when the guaranteed loans are disbursed .
the discount rate used for the calculation is the average interest rate ( yield ) on marketable treasury securities of similar maturity to the loan guarantees , [usable] to the time when the guaranteed loans are disbursed .

Our review indicates that the Department complied with the applicable requirements .
our review indicates that the department complied with the [usable] requirements .

Our review indicates that the SEC complied with the applicable requirements .
our review indicates that the sec complied with the [usable] requirements .

Our review indicates that the Commission complied with the applicable requirements .
our review indicates that the commission complied with the [usable] requirements .

Our review indicates that HCFA complied with the applicable requirements .
our review indicates that hcfa complied with the [usable] requirements .

As discussed below , the proposed rule would modify an existing reporting requirement applicable to all hospitals serving Medicare beneficiaries .
as discussed below , the proposed rule would modify an existing reporting requirement [usable] to all hospitals serving medicare beneficiaries .

As discussed above , both sections impose specific procedural requirements applicable to the rulemaking at issue here .
as discussed above , both sections impose specific procedural requirements [usable] to the rulemaking at issue here .

Our review indicates that HCFA complied with the applicable requirements .
our review indicates that hcfa complied with the [usable] requirements .

Our review indicates that the Federal Communications Commission complied with the applicable requirements .
our review indicates that the federal communications commission complied with the [usable] requirements .

Our review indicates that the Board complied with the applicable requirements .
our review indicates that the board complied with the [usable] requirements .

The records we are requesting will assist the review of how the NEPDG spent public funds , how it carried out its activities , and whether applicable law was followed.1 Descriptions of the records we are requesting , our efforts to obtain them , and our statutory authorities are summarized below .
the records we are requesting will assist the review of how the nepdg spent public funds , how it carried out its activities , and whether [usable] law was followed.1 descriptions of the records we are requesting , our efforts to obtain them , and our statutory authorities are summarized below .

For example , the information on who was present at each of the group meetings conducted by the NEPDG can be used to confirm that only full-time officers or employees of the federal government attended the meetings and thus rule out the possibility that the Federal Advisory Committee Act ( FACA ) is applicable to meetings of the group .
for example , the information on who was present at each of the group meetings conducted by the nepdg can be used to confirm that only full-time officers or employees of the federal government attended the meetings and thus rule out the possibility that the federal advisory committee act ( faca ) is [usable] to meetings of the group .

Our review indicates that the EPA complied with the applicable requirements .
our review indicates that the epa complied with the [usable] requirements .

Our review indicates that the SEC complied with the applicable requirements .
our review indicates that the sec complied with the [usable] requirements .

Our review indicates that the Federal Communications Commission complied with the applicable requirements .
our review indicates that the federal communications commission complied with the [usable] requirements .

Our review indicates that OSHA complied with the applicable requirements .
our review indicates that osha complied with the [usable] requirements .

Our review indicates that the Environmental Protection Agency complied with the applicable requirements .
our review indicates that the environmental protection agency complied with the [usable] requirements .

Therefore , sections 203 and 204 of the Act are not applicable .
therefore , sections 203 and 204 of the act are not [usable] .

Internal control must ensure that ( 1 ) the digital images accurately represent the corresponding paper document , ( 2 ) any changes to the original digital image can be detected , ( 3 ) access to the images is limited to authorized personnel for authorized purposes , and ( 4 ) the digital images are not destroyed , but remain accessible until the applicable retention period expires .
internal control must ensure that ( 1 ) the digital images accurately represent the corresponding paper document , ( 2 ) any changes to the original digital image can be detected , ( 3 ) access to the images is limited to authorized personnel for authorized purposes , and ( 4 ) the digital images are not destroyed , but remain accessible until the [usable] retention period expires .

JFMIP requirements documents identify ( 1 ) a framework for financial management systems , ( 2 ) core financial systems requirements , and ( 3 ) 16 other financial and mixed systems supporting agency operations , not all of which are applicable to all agencies .
jfmip requirements documents identify ( 1 ) a framework for financial management systems , ( 2 ) core financial systems requirements , and ( 3 ) 16 other financial and mixed systems supporting agency operations , not all of which are [usable] to all agencies .

Our review indicates that the Departments complied with the applicable requirements .
our review indicates that the departments complied with the [usable] requirements .

All GAO products and services should conform to generally accepted and applicable auditing , accounting , investigative , and evaluation principles and standards .
all gao products and services should conform to generally accepted and [usable] auditing , accounting , investigative , and evaluation principles and standards .

Press Policy consistent with the applicable rules and policies of the Senate or House .
press policy consistent with the [usable] rules and policies of the senate or house .

Our review indicates that the FCC complied with the applicable requirements .
our review indicates that the fcc complied with the [usable] requirements .

Our review indicates that the agency complied with the applicable requirements .
our review indicates that the agency complied with the [usable] requirements .

Our review indicates that the Departments complied with the applicable requirements .
our review indicates that the departments complied with the [usable] requirements .

Our review indicates that the Federal Communications Commission complied with the applicable requirements .
our review indicates that the federal communications commission complied with the [usable] requirements .

Our review indicates that HHS complied with the applicable requirements .
our review indicates that hhs complied with the [usable] requirements .

The first listed rule provides for a catastrophic risk protection plan of crop insurance and the second rule provides noninsured producers , policyholders , and insurance companies the regulations applicable to the catastrophic risk protection program .
the first listed rule provides for a catastrophic risk protection plan of crop insurance and the second rule provides noninsured producers , policyholders , and insurance companies the regulations [usable] to the catastrophic risk protection program .

Our review indicates that the Corporation complied with the applicable requirements .
our review indicates that the corporation complied with the [usable] requirements .

Our review indicates that the agency complied with the applicable requirements .
our review indicates that the agency complied with the [usable] requirements .

Our review indicates that EPA complied with the applicable requirements .
our review indicates that epa complied with the [usable] requirements .

Our review indicates that HUD complied with the applicable requirements .
our review indicates that hud complied with the [usable] requirements .

As a consequence , HUD was not required to prepare either an initial or a final regulatory flexibility analysis under sections 603 and 604 of the Act , and sections 607 and 609 are not applicable .
as a consequence , hud was not required to prepare either an initial or a final regulatory flexibility analysis under sections 603 and 604 of the act , and sections 607 and 609 are not [usable] .

Our review indicates that the FCC complied with the applicable requirements .
our review indicates that the fcc complied with the [usable] requirements .

Our review indicates that , except for ignoring the 60-day delay in the effective date of a major rule required by the Small Business Regulatory Enforcement Fairness Act of 1996 ( SBREFA ) , the CCC complied with the applicable requirements .
our review indicates that , except for ignoring the 60-day delay in the effective date of a major rule required by the small business regulatory enforcement fairness act of 1996 ( sbrefa ) , the ccc complied with the [usable] requirements .

The proposed revisions fall into three categories : GAGAS framework , consistent application of the standards where applicable to the various types of audits , and strengthening or streamlining the standards .
the proposed revisions fall into three categories : gagas framework , consistent application of the standards where [usable] to the various types of audits , and strengthening or streamlining the standards .

The types of audits and services and applicable standards are organized by separate chapters for financial audits , attestation engagements , and performance audits in order to make the standards user friendly .
the types of audits and services and [usable] standards are organized by separate chapters for financial audits , attestation engagements , and performance audits in order to make the standards user friendly .

The Advisory Council has recognized that GAGAS applicable to the performance audit objectives of effectiveness , economy and efficiency , internal control , and compliance are also applicable to prospective analyses , guidance , or summary information .
the advisory council has recognized that gagas [usable] to the performance audit objectives of effectiveness , economy and efficiency , internal control , and compliance are also [usable] to prospective analyses , guidance , or summary information .

Therefore , we have proposed including that latter objective in the definition of performance audits , as discussed in chapter 2 , and in the presentation of field work and reporting standards , in chapters 7 and 8 , applicable to the various objectives of performance audits .
therefore , we have proposed including that latter objective in the definition of performance audits , as discussed in chapter 2 , and in the presentation of field work and reporting standards , in chapters 7 and 8 , [usable] to the various objectives of performance audits .

We believe this is a more logical and user friendly presentation than having a separate chapter discussing the field work and reporting standards for these objectives that would only tell the auditor to follow the same standards applicable to other types of performance audit objectives .
we believe this is a more logical and user friendly presentation than having a separate chapter discussing the field work and reporting standards for these objectives that would only tell the auditor to follow the same standards [usable] to other types of performance audit objectives .

The enclosure includes a reference to the applicable proposed revised paragraph ( s ) of GAGAS .
the enclosure includes a reference to the [usable] proposed revised paragraph ( s ) of gagas .

Jeffrey C. Steinhoff Managing Director Financial Management and Assurance Enclosures GAO-02-340G Government Auditing Standards Exposure Draft 4 Enclosure Enclosure Proposed changes made for consistent application of GAGAS where applicable :
jeffrey c. steinhoff managing director financial management and assurance enclosures gao-02-340g government auditing standards exposure draft 4 enclosure enclosure proposed changes made for consistent application of gagas where [usable] :

Specifically state that auditors should have knowledge of GAGAS applicable to the work they are assigned ( par .
specifically state that auditors should have knowledge of gagas [usable] to the work they are assigned ( par .

GAGAS are not applicable to these other professional services , which are described more fully in chapter 2 .
gagas are not [usable] to these other professional services , which are described more fully in chapter 2 .

In performing work described below in accordance with generally accepted government auditing standards ( GAGAS ) , auditors should follow the applicable standards included and incorporated in chapters 3 through 8 .
in performing work described below in accordance with generally accepted government auditing standards ( gagas ) , auditors should follow the [usable] standards included and incorporated in chapters 3 through 8 .

Auditors should follow the standards that are applicable to the individual objectives of the audit or attestation engagement .
auditors should follow the standards that are [usable] to the individual objectives of the audit or attestation engagement .

Accountants and accounting firms meeting these licensing requirements should also comply with the applicable provisions of the public accountancy law and rules of the jurisdiction ( s ) where the audit is being conducted and the jurisdiction ( s ) in which the accountants and their firms are licensed .
accountants and accounting firms meeting these licensing requirements should also comply with the [usable] provisions of the public accountancy law and rules of the jurisdiction ( s ) where the audit is being conducted and the jurisdiction ( s ) in which the accountants and their firms are licensed .

Documentation of the auditor 's determination that certain additional government auditing standards do not apply or that an applicable standard was not followed , the reasons therefore , and the known effect that not following the standard had , or could have , on the audit .
documentation of the auditor 's determination that certain additional government auditing standards do not apply or that an [usable] standard was not followed , the reasons therefore , and the known effect that not following the standard had , or could have , on the audit .

Auditors should apply the guidance contained in this section to other types of financial audits to the extent it is applicable to the nature of the engagement .
auditors should apply the guidance contained in this section to other types of financial audits to the extent it is [usable] to the nature of the engagement .

Management , of both governmental entities and others receiving governmental assistance , is responsible for ensuring that the entity complies with not only the laws and regulations but also contract provisions and grant agreements applicable to its activities .
management , of both governmental entities and others receiving governmental assistance , is responsible for ensuring that the entity complies with not only the laws and regulations but also contract provisions and grant agreements [usable] to its activities .

That responsibility encompasses the identification of applicable laws , regulations , contract provisions , and grant agreements , as well as the establishment of controls designed to provide reasonable assurance that the entity complies with those laws , regulations , contract provisions , and grant agreements .
that responsibility encompasses the identification of [usable] laws , regulations , contract provisions , and grant agreements , as well as the establishment of controls designed to provide reasonable assurance that the entity complies with those laws , regulations , contract provisions , and grant agreements .

Depending on the circumstances of the audit , auditors may find it necessary to obtain information on compliance matters from others , such as investigative staff , audit organizations , and officials of government entities that provided assistance to the audited entity , and/or the applicable law enforcement authority .
depending on the circumstances of the audit , auditors may find it necessary to obtain information on compliance matters from others , such as investigative staff , audit organizations , and officials of government entities that provided assistance to the audited entity , and/or the [usable] law enforcement authority .

The statement referencing compliance with generally accepted government auditing standards should be qualified in situations where the auditors did not follow an applicable standard .
the statement referencing compliance with generally accepted government auditing standards should be qualified in situations where the auditors did not follow an [usable] standard .

In these situations , the auditors should disclose in the scope section of the report the applicable standard that was not followed , the reasons therefore , and how not following the standard affected , or could have affected , the results of the audit .
in these situations , the auditors should disclose in the scope section of the report the [usable] standard that was not followed , the reasons therefore , and how not following the standard affected , or could have affected , the results of the audit .

Although the following standard on reporting on compliance with laws and regulations and on internal control over financial reporting is applicable to audits of financial statements , the requirement to report deficiencies in internal control ( see paragraphs 5.11 through 5.15 ) and reporting fraud , illegal acts , and other noncompliance ( see paragraphs 5.16 through 5.26 ) is applicable to all financial audits .
although the following standard on reporting on compliance with laws and regulations and on internal control over financial reporting is [usable] to audits of financial statements , the requirement to report deficiencies in internal control ( see paragraphs 5.11 through 5.15 ) and reporting fraud , illegal acts , and other noncompliance ( see paragraphs 5.16 through 5.26 ) is [usable] to all financial audits .

Further distribution of reports outside the organization should be made in accordance with applicable laws , rules , regulations , or policy .
further distribution of reports outside the organization should be made in accordance with [usable] laws , rules , regulations , or policy .

Documentation of the auditor 's determination that certain additional government auditing standards do not apply or that an applicable standard was not followed , the reasons therefore , and the known effect that not following the standard had , or could have , on the attestation engagement .
documentation of the auditor 's determination that certain additional government auditing standards do not apply or that an [usable] standard was not followed , the reasons therefore , and the known effect that not following the standard had , or could have , on the attestation engagement .

Although not applicable to attestation engagements , the AICPA statements on auditing standards may provide useful guidance related to internal control for auditors performing attestation engagements in accordance with GAGAS .
although not [usable] to attestation engagements , the aicpa statements on auditing standards may provide useful guidance related to internal control for auditors performing attestation engagements in accordance with gagas .

Although not applicable to attestation engagements , the AICPA statements on auditing standards may provide useful guidance related to fraud for auditors performing attestation engagements in accordance with GAGAS .
although not [usable] to attestation engagements , the aicpa statements on auditing standards may provide useful guidance related to fraud for auditors performing attestation engagements in accordance with gagas .

The statement should be qualified in situations where the auditors did not follow an applicable standard .
the statement should be qualified in situations where the auditors did not follow an [usable] standard .

In these situations , the auditors should disclose in the scope section of the report the applicable standard that was not followed , the GAO-02-340G Government Auditing Standards Exposure Draft reasons therefore , and how not following the standard affected , or could have affected , the results of the attestation engagement .
in these situations , the auditors should disclose in the scope section of the report the [usable] standard that was not followed , the gao-02-340g government auditing standards exposure draft reasons therefore , and how not following the standard affected , or could have affected , the results of the attestation engagement .

Further distribution of reports outside the organization should be made in accordance with applicable laws , rules , regulations , or policy .
further distribution of reports outside the organization should be made in accordance with [usable] laws , rules , regulations , or policy .

Auditors also may find it necessary to rely on the work of legal counsel when audit objectives require testing compliance with provisions of contracts or grant agreements.8 Depending on the circumstances of the audit , auditors may find it necessary to obtain information on compliance matters from others , such as investigative staff , other audit organizations or government entities that provided assistance to the audited entity , or the applicable law enforcement authority .
auditors also may find it necessary to rely on the work of legal counsel when audit objectives require testing compliance with provisions of contracts or grant agreements.8 depending on the circumstances of the audit , auditors may find it necessary to obtain information on compliance matters from others , such as investigative staff , other audit organizations or government entities that provided assistance to the audited entity , or the [usable] law enforcement authority .

However , to comply with these standards , audit reports , regardless of form , should comply with all applicable reporting standards .
however , to comply with these standards , audit reports , regardless of form , should comply with all [usable] reporting standards .

REPORT CONTENTS 8.7 The second reporting standard for performance audits is : The audit report should include the objectives , scope , and methodology ; the audit results , including findings , conclusions , and recommendations , as appropriate ; a reference to compliance with generally accepted government auditing standards ; the views of responsible officials ; and , if applicable , the nature of any privileged and confidential information omitted .
report contents 8.7 the second reporting standard for performance audits is : the audit report should include the objectives , scope , and methodology ; the audit results , including findings , conclusions , and recommendations , as appropriate ; a reference to compliance with generally accepted government auditing standards ; the views of responsible officials ; and , if [usable] , the nature of any privileged and confidential information omitted .

Auditors should , as applicable , explain the relationship between the population of items sampled and what was audited ; identify organizations , geographic locations , and the period covered ; report the kinds and sources of evidence ; and explain 1Significant findings and recommendations are those matters , that if not corrected , could affect the results of the auditors ' work and users ' conclusions about those results .
auditors should , as [usable] , explain the relationship between the population of items sampled and what was audited ; identify organizations , geographic locations , and the period covered ; report the kinds and sources of evidence ; and explain 1significant findings and recommendations are those matters , that if not corrected , could affect the results of the auditors ' work and users ' conclusions about those results .

The auditors ' report should clearly describe the scope of the work performed and any limitations , the applicable standards that were not followed , and the reasons therefore , and how not following the applicable standards affected or could affect the results of the work .
the auditors ' report should clearly describe the scope of the work performed and any limitations , the [usable] standards that were not followed , and the reasons therefore , and how not following the [usable] standards affected or could affect the results of the work .

The statement of compliance with GAGAS refers to all the applicable standards that the auditors should have followed during the audit .
the statement of compliance with gagas refers to all the [usable] standards that the auditors should have followed during the audit .

The statement should be qualified in situations in which the auditors did not follow an applicable standard .
the statement should be qualified in situations in which the auditors did not follow an [usable] standard .

In these situations , auditors should report in the scope section the applicable standard that was not followed , the reasons therefore , and how not following the standard affected the results of the audit .
in these situations , auditors should report in the scope section the [usable] standard that was not followed , the reasons therefore , and how not following the standard affected the results of the audit .

Further distribution of reports outside the organization should be made in accordance with applicable law , rule , regulation , or policy .
further distribution of reports outside the organization should be made in accordance with [usable] law , rule , regulation , or policy .

Our review indicates that the Federal Communications Commission complied with the applicable requirements .
our review indicates that the federal communications commission complied with the [usable] requirements .

Although most of the organizations were private enterprises motivated by the desire to earn profits , their information security concerns focused on providing high-quality reliable service to their customers and business partners , avoiding fraud and disclosures of sensitive information , promoting efficient operations , and complying with applicable laws and regulations .
although most of the organizations were private enterprises motivated by the desire to earn profits , their information security concerns focused on providing high-quality reliable service to their customers and business partners , avoiding fraud and disclosures of sensitive information , promoting efficient operations , and complying with [usable] laws and regulations .

Our review indicates that the EPA complied with the applicable requirements .
our review indicates that the epa complied with the [usable] requirements .

The information being collected will allow EPA to certify locomotives and locomotive engines will be in compliance with the applicable emission standards .
the information being collected will allow epa to certify locomotives and locomotive engines will be in compliance with the [usable] emission standards .

The rule establishes requirements applicable to meat and poultry establishments designed to reduce the occurrence and numbers of pathogenic microorganisms on meat and poultry products , reduce the incidence of foodborne illness associated with the consumption of those products and provide a new framework for modernization of the current system of meat and poultry inspection .
the rule establishes requirements [usable] to meat and poultry establishments designed to reduce the occurrence and numbers of pathogenic microorganisms on meat and poultry products , reduce the incidence of foodborne illness associated with the consumption of those products and provide a new framework for modernization of the current system of meat and poultry inspection .

Our review indicates that the Food Safety and Inspection Service complied with the applicable requirements .
our review indicates that the food safety and inspection service complied with the [usable] requirements .

It reviewed GAO 's accomplishments in meeting its mission consistent with applicable professional standards and our core values of accountability , integrity , and reliability .
it reviewed gao 's accomplishments in meeting its mission consistent with [usable] professional standards and our core values of accountability , integrity , and reliability .

GAO must become more capable of handling multiple responsibilities in a rapidly changing environment-all while adhering to our core values and applicable professional standards .
gao must become more capable of handling multiple responsibilities in a rapidly changing environment-all while adhering to our core values and [usable] professional standards .

Our review indicates that the SEC complied with the applicable requirements .
our review indicates that the sec complied with the [usable] requirements .

Our review indicates that the FDA , with the exception of the failure to allow the 60-day delay , complied with the applicable requirements .
our review indicates that the fda , with the exception of the failure to allow the 60-day delay , complied with the [usable] requirements .

The organizations also faced challenges obtaining adequate funding for various items , including mailings ; meeting space ; technological enhancements ; and other administrative activities and , when applicable , salaries for permanent staff .
the organizations also faced challenges obtaining adequate funding for various items , including mailings ; meeting space ; technological enhancements ; and other administrative activities and , when [usable] , salaries for permanent staff .

Our review indicates that the SEC complied with the applicable requirements .
our review indicates that the sec complied with the [usable] requirements .

A nonattainment area is a GAO/OGC-96-45 specified area that has failed to attain the applicable National Ambient Air Quality Standard for a given pollutant .
a nonattainment area is a gao/ogc-96-45 specified area that has failed to attain the [usable] national ambient air quality standard for a given pollutant .

Our review indicates that the Environmental Protection Agency complied with the applicable requirements .
our review indicates that the environmental protection agency complied with the [usable] requirements .

If the employee is not recording his or her T & A data , the basis for recording the data could be ( 1 ) the timekeeper 's or supervisor 's observation , ( 2 ) time clocks , or other automated timekeeping devices , where not prohibited by law , or ( 3 ) other applicable techniques .
if the employee is not recording his or her t & a data , the basis for recording the data could be ( 1 ) the timekeeper 's or supervisor 's observation , ( 2 ) time clocks , or other automated timekeeping devices , where not prohibited by law , or ( 3 ) other [usable] techniques .

See Office of Personnel Management 's ( OPM ) Memorandum for Personnel Directors on the subject of Alternative Workplace Arrangements , October 21 , 1993. the approving official 's knowledge true , correct , and accurate , and in accordance with applicable laws , regulations , and legal decisions .
see office of personnel management 's ( opm ) memorandum for personnel directors on the subject of alternative workplace arrangements , october 21 , 1993. the approving official 's knowledge true , correct , and accurate , and in accordance with [usable] laws , regulations , and legal decisions .

When not possible until after the end of the pay period , a copy of the T & A report and related documents , when applicable , should be provided to the employee promptly for attestation and to the timekeeper promptly for verification .
when not possible until after the end of the pay period , a copy of the t & a report and related documents , when [usable] , should be provided to the employee promptly for attestation and to the timekeeper promptly for verification .

When feasible ( as in an office setting or environment ) , costeffective , and applicable , attendance reporting and related internal controls set forth in `` Part I : Civilian Employees '' should be instituted for service members to the extent management deems appropriate .
when feasible ( as in an office setting or environment ) , costeffective , and [usable] , attendance reporting and related internal controls set forth in `` part i : civilian employees '' should be instituted for service members to the extent management deems appropriate .

However , unlike the DOT system that is applicable to all of the Department 's rules , the other agencies ' multidimensional systems focused on just a few rules , or even a single rule .
however , unlike the dot system that is [usable] to all of the department 's rules , the other agencies ' multidimensional systems focused on just a few rules , or even a single rule .

Therefore , they said , the agencies need to be able to design their public participation procedures to fit the particular circumstances appropriate for each rulemaking ( within the parameters of the APA and other applicable statutes ) .
therefore , they said , the agencies need to be able to design their public participation procedures to fit the particular circumstances appropriate for each rulemaking ( within the parameters of the apa and other [usable] statutes ) .

Our review indicates that the Board of Governors complied with the applicable requirements .
our review indicates that the board of governors complied with the [usable] requirements .

Our review indicates that the FCC complied with the applicable requirements .
our review indicates that the fcc complied with the [usable] requirements .

Our review indicates that VA complied with the applicable requirements .
our review indicates that va complied with the [usable] requirements .

Our review indicates that INS and EOIR , with the exception of the delay in the effective date , complied with the applicable requirements .
our review indicates that ins and eoir , with the exception of the delay in the effective date , complied with the [usable] requirements .

Our review indicates that the Environmental Protection Agency complied with the applicable requirements .
our review indicates that the environmental protection agency complied with the [usable] requirements .

Our review indicates that the FCC complied with the applicable requirements .
our review indicates that the fcc complied with the [usable] requirements .

Our review indicates that the Administration complied with the applicable requirements .
our review indicates that the administration complied with the [usable] requirements .

Our review indicates that the EPA complied with the applicable requirements .
our review indicates that the epa complied with the [usable] requirements .

Our review indicates that the Food and Drug Administration complied with the applicable requirements .
our review indicates that the food and drug administration complied with the [usable] requirements .

Our review indicates that the FCC complied with the applicable requirements .
our review indicates that the fcc complied with the [usable] requirements .

Our review indicates that the EPA complied with the applicable requirements .
our review indicates that the epa complied with the [usable] requirements .

Our review indicates that the Federal Communications Commission complied with the applicable requirements .
our review indicates that the federal communications commission complied with the [usable] requirements .

Code compliance Does the design comply with all applicable codes , such as fire protection , life safety , and access ?
code compliance does the design comply with all [usable] codes , such as fire protection , life safety , and access ?

The rule and the procedures therein are applicable to the FCC 's spectrum auction program .
the rule and the procedures therein are [usable] to the fcc 's spectrum auction program .

Our review indicates that the FCC complied with the applicable requirements .
our review indicates that the fcc complied with the [usable] requirements .

One or more senior managers should act as system sponsors , with sufficient authority to ensure that applicable resources are available for the project .
one or more senior managers should act as system sponsors , with sufficient authority to ensure that [usable] resources are available for the project .

Federal Regulations Each chapter of this guide lists applicable reference materials including federal regulations and guidance published by GSA , OMB , and other agencies .
federal regulations each chapter of this guide lists [usable] reference materials including federal regulations and guidance published by gsa , omb , and other agencies .

Applicable regulations include both general rules for procurement , the FAR , and the FIRMR regulations written by GSA specifically for acquiring federal information processing resources .
[usable] regulations include both general rules for procurement , the far , and the firmr regulations written by gsa specifically for acquiring federal information processing resources .

These protocols are not applicable to the work GAO conducts in support of its legal opinions and decisions .
these protocols are not [usable] to the work gao conducts in support of its legal opinions and decisions .

In addition , if applicable , the notification letter will be accompanied or followed by a notice of visit form that includes the appropriate security clearance information .
in addition , if [usable] , the notification letter will be accompanied or followed by a notice of visit form that includes the appropriate security clearance information .

During the entrance conference , GAO will also ask agency officials to designate a key contact to assist , as applicable , in obtaining temporary office space in agencies where GAO does not already have office space as well as fax and telephone equipment needed for GAO to complete its work at the agency .
during the entrance conference , gao will also ask agency officials to designate a key contact to assist , as [usable] , in obtaining temporary office space in agencies where gao does not already have office space as well as fax and telephone equipment needed for gao to complete its work at the agency .

For such a governmentwide review , an entrance conference is generally held with applicable central agencies , such as the Office of Management and Budget ( OMB ) or the Office of Personnel Management .
for such a governmentwide review , an entrance conference is generally held with [usable] central agencies , such as the office of management and budget ( omb ) or the office of personnel management .

GAO will distribute its written testimony statement in accordance with the rules of the Senate or House , including the applicable committees ' or subcommittees ' rules .
gao will distribute its written testimony statement in accordance with the rules of the senate or house , including the [usable] committees ' or subcommittees ' rules .

To ensure admissibility in subsequent judicial proceedings , OSI performs its work in accordance with the requirements of the U.S. Constitution , statutes , and court decisions applicable to obtaining evidence in criminal and civil cases .
to ensure admissibility in subsequent judicial proceedings , osi performs its work in accordance with the requirements of the u.s. constitution , statutes , and court decisions [usable] to obtaining evidence in criminal and civil cases .

In those cases , the provisions of GAO 's standard agency protocols are applicable .
in those cases , the provisions of gao 's standard agency protocols are [usable] .

When GAO needs access to classified , proprietary , or otherwise sensitive information , it will comply with all applicable statutory requirements , including obtaining the necessary security and other clearances for assigned GAO staff .
when gao needs access to classified , proprietary , or otherwise sensitive information , it will comply with all [usable] statutory requirements , including obtaining the necessary security and other clearances for assigned gao staff .

Our review indicates that the FCC complied with the applicable requirements .
our review indicates that the fcc complied with the [usable] requirements .

Our review indicates that the Commission complied with the applicable requirements .
our review indicates that the commission complied with the [usable] requirements .

The statute directed the Administrator of GSA to issue guidelines to ensure that agencies promote , encourage , and facilitate the use of frequent traveler programs offered by airlines , hotels , and car rental vendors by federal employees who engage in official travel.3 This act specifically provides that any awards granted under such a frequent traveler program accrued through official travel shall be used only for official travel.4 GSA has incorporated these policies into the Federal Property Management Regulations5 and the Federal Travel Regulation,6 applicable to most federal civilian employees .
the statute directed the administrator of gsa to issue guidelines to ensure that agencies promote , encourage , and facilitate the use of frequent traveler programs offered by airlines , hotels , and car rental vendors by federal employees who engage in official travel.3 this act specifically provides that any awards granted under such a frequent traveler program accrued through official travel shall be used only for official travel.4 gsa has incorporated these policies into the federal property management regulations5 and the federal travel regulation,6 [usable] to most federal civilian employees .

Similarly , the Joint Federal Travel Regulations,7 applicable to members of 1 These include the benefits offered by airlines , hotels , and car rental vendors .
similarly , the joint federal travel regulations,7 [usable] to members of 1 these include the benefits offered by airlines , hotels , and car rental vendors .

Section 4 would make it clear that the legislation is applicable to any unused promotional benefits received by an employee or service member prior to the effective date of the legislation as well as to such benefits received on and after the effective date of the legislation .
section 4 would make it clear that the legislation is [usable] to any unused promotional benefits received by an employee or service member prior to the effective date of the legislation as well as to such benefits received on and after the effective date of the legislation .

More detail on applicable GAO guidance can be found in the Communications Manual .
more detail on [usable] gao guidance can be found in the communications manual .

The guide 's appendixes augment these areas by citing applicable statutes ( app .
the guide 's appendixes augment these areas by citing [usable] statutes ( app .

Our review indicates that HHS complied with the applicable requirements .
our review indicates that hhs complied with the [usable] requirements .

In addition , the annual report is to include ( 1 ) an independent financial audit , ( 2 ) applicable financial and performance requirements under the Chief Financial Officers Act and the Results Act , ( 3 ) the results achieved by the Office relative to its goals , ( 4 ) an evaluation of the Chief Operating Officer 's performance , ( 5 ) recommendations for legislative and regulatory changes to improve service and program integrity , and ( 6 ) other information as detailed by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget .
in addition , the annual report is to include ( 1 ) an independent financial audit , ( 2 ) [usable] financial and performance requirements under the chief financial officers act and the results act , ( 3 ) the results achieved by the office relative to its goals , ( 4 ) an evaluation of the chief operating officer 's performance , ( 5 ) recommendations for legislative and regulatory changes to improve service and program integrity , and ( 6 ) other information as detailed by the director of the office of management and budget .

Our review indicates that the SSA complied with the applicable requirements .
our review indicates that the ssa complied with the [usable] requirements .

Our review indicates that the Commission complied with the applicable requirements .
our review indicates that the commission complied with the [usable] requirements .

Our review indicates that FDA complied with the applicable requirements .
our review indicates that fda complied with the [usable] requirements .

It is possible that the business context for federal CIOs is sufficiently different from that of CIOs in leading organizations that lessons learned may not be applicable .
it is possible that the business context for federal cios is sufficiently different from that of cios in leading organizations that lessons learned may not be [usable] .

Appendix I Federal Legislation Affecting Information Management Federal Financial Management Improvement Act of 1996 ( Public Law 104-208 ) ¬ This Act requires that agency financial management systems comply with federal financial management system requirements , applicable federal accounting standards , and the U.S. Government Standard General Ledger ( SGL ) in order to provide uniform , reliable , and more useful financial information .
appendix i federal legislation affecting information management federal financial management improvement act of 1996 ( public law 104-208 ) ¬ this act requires that agency financial management systems comply with federal financial management system requirements , [usable] federal accounting standards , and the u.s. government standard general ledger ( sgl ) in order to provide uniform , reliable , and more useful financial information .

The act requires that auditors for each of the 24 departments and agencies named in the CFO Act report , as part of their annual audits of the agencies « financial statements , whether the agencies « financial management systems comply substantially with federal financial management systems requirements , applicable federal accounting standards , and SGL at the transaction level .
the act requires that auditors for each of the 24 departments and agencies named in the cfo act report , as part of their annual audits of the agencies « financial statements , whether the agencies « financial management systems comply substantially with federal financial management systems requirements , [usable] federal accounting standards , and sgl at the transaction level .

Further , we met with a panel of CIOs from five small federal agencies to determine whether the practices identified are also applicable across diverse organizational sizes ( based on dimensions such as budget , personnel , etc . ) .
further , we met with a panel of cios from five small federal agencies to determine whether the practices identified are also [usable] across diverse organizational sizes ( based on dimensions such as budget , personnel , etc . ) .

Our review indicates that HUD either has complied with or is in the process of complying with applicable requirements .
our review indicates that hud either has complied with or is in the process of complying with [usable] requirements .

It is hard to see how providing free legal services to some welfare claimants ( those whose claims do not challenge the applicable statutes ) while not providing it to others is beyond the range of legitimate legislative choice .
it is hard to see how providing free legal services to some welfare claimants ( those whose claims do not challenge the [usable] statutes ) while not providing it to others is beyond the range of legitimate legislative choice .

Moreover , by exercising our `` discretion '' to leave the severability question open , we fail to resolve the basic , realworld dispute at issue : whether LSC attorneys may represent welfare claimants who challenge the applicable welfare laws .
moreover , by exercising our `` discretion '' to leave the severability question open , we fail to resolve the basic , realworld dispute at issue : whether lsc attorneys may represent welfare claimants who challenge the [usable] welfare laws .

PURPOSE The purpose of this document is to inform LSC recipients and other interested parties of the procedure for providing LSC access to records in a manner consistent with the attorney-client privilege and applicable rules of professional responsibility and the mechanism to resolve issues of how such access can be obtained .
purpose the purpose of this document is to inform lsc recipients and other interested parties of the procedure for providing lsc access to records in a manner consistent with the attorney-client privilege and [usable] rules of professional responsibility and the mechanism to resolve issues of how such access can be obtained .

LSC recipients are obligated to provide information to LSC under the applicable LSC statutes , regulations , grant terms , grant assurances , and other rules and provisions regarding the receipt and use of LSC funds .
lsc recipients are obligated to provide information to lsc under the [usable] lsc statutes , regulations , grant terms , grant assurances , and other rules and provisions regarding the receipt and use of lsc funds .

Procedures for Addressing Privileged or Confidential Information : If a recipient believes that documents or information requested by OCE contain information that is protected by the attorney-client privilege , applicable rules of professional responsibility or other law , the recipient will send written notice to OCE as soon as possible setting forth ( 1 ) a full description of the nature of the privileged or confidential information , ( 2 ) a statement explaining the basis for determining that such information is privileged or confidential , and ( 3 ) any recommendations of reasonable approaches to accessing such information .
procedures for addressing privileged or confidential information : if a recipient believes that documents or information requested by oce contain information that is protected by the attorney-client privilege , [usable] rules of professional responsibility or other law , the recipient will send written notice to oce as soon as possible setting forth ( 1 ) a full description of the nature of the privileged or confidential information , ( 2 ) a statement explaining the basis for determining that such information is privileged or confidential , and ( 3 ) any recommendations of reasonable approaches to accessing such information .

Upon receipt of this notice , OCE will so notify the Vice President for Administration and seek to find a mutually satisfactory manner for obtaining access to the information consistent with the applicable rules of attorney-client privilege and professional responsibility and consistent with LSC 's need for information to ensure compliance .
upon receipt of this notice , oce will so notify the vice president for administration and seek to find a mutually satisfactory manner for obtaining access to the information consistent with the [usable] rules of attorney-client privilege and professional responsibility and consistent with lsc 's need for information to ensure compliance .

If Vice Presidents for Administration and Programs agree that the recipient has a reasonable claim that the information is privileged or confidential , then OCE will further seek to develop a mutually satisfactory manner for obtaining access to the information consistent with the applicable rules of attorney-client privilege and professional responsibility and consistent with LSC 's need for information to ensure compliance .
if vice presidents for administration and programs agree that the recipient has a reasonable claim that the information is privileged or confidential , then oce will further seek to develop a mutually satisfactory manner for obtaining access to the information consistent with the [usable] rules of attorney-client privilege and professional responsibility and consistent with lsc 's need for information to ensure compliance .

The Report of the Commission is based on a thorough analysis of the applicable statutory provisions , the extensive record compiled from the comments and testimony regarding the circumstances under which representation of eligible aliens occurs and the practices of legal services grantees relating to eligible aliens .
the report of the commission is based on a thorough analysis of the [usable] statutory provisions , the extensive record compiled from the comments and testimony regarding the circumstances under which representation of eligible aliens occurs and the practices of legal services grantees relating to eligible aliens .

The legislative history of the presence requirement in the Corporation 's appropriations and the applicable H-2A provisions in the Immigration Reform and Control Act confirm that Congress intended to provide meaningful representation to eligible aliens , including H-2A workers on claims arising from their employment contract ; and that Congress did not understand the presence requirement to severely alter or restrict this representation .
the legislative history of the presence requirement in the corporation 's appropriations and the [usable] h-2a provisions in the immigration reform and control act confirm that congress intended to provide meaningful representation to eligible aliens , including h-2a workers on claims arising from their employment contract ; and that congress did not understand the presence requirement to severely alter or restrict this representation .

Together , the language , purpose , and legislative history of the applicable statutes , and the factual record before the Commission , suggest an interpretation of the statute that would authorize the following representation : For an alien in one of the unrestricted categories representation would be authorized so long as the eligible alien is present sufficient to maintain residence or lawful immigration status .
together , the language , purpose , and legislative history of the [usable] statutes , and the factual record before the commission , suggest an interpretation of the statute that would authorize the following representation : for an alien in one of the unrestricted categories representation would be authorized so long as the eligible alien is present sufficient to maintain residence or lawful immigration status .

The barriers to private bar representation experienced by alien clients are also applicable to ADR .
the barriers to private bar representation experienced by alien clients are also [usable] to adr .

LEGAL ANALYSIS Part III of this report analyzes applicable law and applies it to the findings in Part II .
legal analysis part iii of this report analyzes [usable] law and applies it to the findings in part ii .

CONCLUSION : THE MEANING OF THE PRESENCE REQUIREMENT Together , the language , purpose , and legislative history of the applicable statutes , and the factual record before the Commission , suggest an interpretation of the statute that would authorize the following representation : For an alien in one of the unrestricted categories representation would be authorized so long as the eligible alien is present sufficient to maintain residence or lawful immigration status .
conclusion : the meaning of the presence requirement together , the language , purpose , and legislative history of the [usable] statutes , and the factual record before the commission , suggest an interpretation of the statute that would authorize the following representation : for an alien in one of the unrestricted categories representation would be authorized so long as the eligible alien is present sufficient to maintain residence or lawful immigration status .

A case is defined as the provision of permissible legal assistance to an eligible client with a legal problem , or set of closely related legal problems , accepted for assistance supported by LSC or non-LSC funds in accordance with the requirements of the LSC Act , regulations , and other applicable law .
a case is defined as the provision of permissible legal assistance to an eligible client with a legal problem , or set of closely related legal problems , accepted for assistance supported by lsc or non-lsc funds in accordance with the requirements of the lsc act , regulations , and other [usable] law .

Legal Services programs may record and report the provision of legal assistance as a case only if : ( a ) the client is financially and otherwise eligible to receive assistance under the LSC Act , regulations , and other applicable law ; the client 's case is within program priorities ( or is an emergency case accepted under the program 's emergency case acceptance procedures ) ; the legal services program has actually accepted the client for service through its intake system or another established procedure for ensuring client eligibility ; ( b ) the type of legal assistance provided to the client is not prohibited by the LSC Act , regulations , or other applicable law ( e.g .
legal services programs may record and report the provision of legal assistance as a case only if : ( a ) the client is financially and otherwise eligible to receive assistance under the lsc act , regulations , and other [usable] law ; the client 's case is within program priorities ( or is an emergency case accepted under the program 's emergency case acceptance procedures ) ; the legal services program has actually accepted the client for service through its intake system or another established procedure for ensuring client eligibility ; ( b ) the type of legal assistance provided to the client is not prohibited by the lsc act , regulations , or other [usable] law ( e.g .

Without the federal funding provided by LSC to local legal services programs , many , and problem ( s ) of a client are not of a type prohibited by the LSC Act , regulations , or other applicable law ( e.g. , an abortion case ) .
without the federal funding provided by lsc to local legal services programs , many , and problem ( s ) of a client are not of a type prohibited by the lsc act , regulations , or other [usable] law ( e.g. , an abortion case ) .

Commitment : Review the competitive grant making process , the performance standards applicable to LSC grantees , and LSC 's statutory and regulatory compliance requirements for efficiency , unnecessary duplication and implications for the delivery of high quality , appropriate legal services .
commitment : review the competitive grant making process , the performance standards [usable] to lsc grantees , and lsc 's statutory and regulatory compliance requirements for efficiency , unnecessary duplication and implications for the delivery of high quality , appropriate legal services .

Where applicable , foods used only in acute toxicity tests can be compared with a food of known quality in side-by-side , multi-concentration acute tests , using the reference toxicant regularly employed in the laboratory QA program .
where [usable] , foods used only in acute toxicity tests can be compared with a food of known quality in side-by-side , multi-concentration acute tests , using the reference toxicant regularly employed in the laboratory qa program .

Where applicable , foods used only in chronic toxicity tests can be compared with a food of known quality in side-by-side , multi-concentration chronic tests , using the reference toxicant regularly employed in the laboratory QA program .
where [usable] , foods used only in chronic toxicity tests can be compared with a food of known quality in side-by-side , multi-concentration chronic tests , using the reference toxicant regularly employed in the laboratory qa program .

The statistical methods contained in this manual have been chosen because they are ( 1 ) applicable to most of the different toxicity test data sets for which they are recommended , ( 2 ) powerful statistical tests , ( 3 ) hopefully `` easily '' understood by nonstatisticians , and ( 4 ) amenable to use without a computer , if necessary .
the statistical methods contained in this manual have been chosen because they are ( 1 ) [usable] to most of the different toxicity test data sets for which they are recommended , ( 2 ) powerful statistical tests , ( 3 ) hopefully `` easily '' understood by nonstatisticians , and ( 4 ) amenable to use without a computer , if necessary .

When the methods are used for non-regulatory purposes , the variability criteria herein are recommended but are not required , and their use ( or the use of alternative variability criteria ) may depend upon the intended uses of the test results and the requirements of any applicable data quality objectives and quality assurance plan .
when the methods are used for non-regulatory purposes , the variability criteria herein are recommended but are not required , and their use ( or the use of alternative variability criteria ) may depend upon the intended uses of the test results and the requirements of any [usable] data quality objectives and quality assurance plan .

The statistical methods contained in this manual have been chosen because they are ( 1 ) applicable to most of the different toxicity test data sets for which they are recommended , ( 2 ) powerful statistical tests , ( 3 ) hopefully `` easily '' understood by nonstatisticians , and ( 4 ) amenable to use without a computer , if necessary .
the statistical methods contained in this manual have been chosen because they are ( 1 ) [usable] to most of the different toxicity test data sets for which they are recommended , ( 2 ) powerful statistical tests , ( 3 ) hopefully `` easily '' understood by nonstatisticians , and ( 4 ) amenable to use without a computer , if necessary .

When the methods are used for non-regulatory purposes , the variability criteria herein are recommended but are not required , and their use ( or the use of alternative variability criteria ) may depend upon the intended uses of the test results and the requirements of any applicable data quality objectives and quality assurance plan .
when the methods are used for non-regulatory purposes , the variability criteria herein are recommended but are not required , and their use ( or the use of alternative variability criteria ) may depend upon the intended uses of the test results and the requirements of any [usable] data quality objectives and quality assurance plan .

Each permit application must include a statement that the owner or operator will meet the applicable allowance holding requirements , and such statement serves as the compliance plan under Title V for these trading programs .
each permit application must include a statement that the owner or operator will meet the [usable] allowance holding requirements , and such statement serves as the compliance plan under title v for these trading programs .

The Administrator will allocate to an opt-in unit an amount of allowances equal to fifty percent of : the lesser of the unit 's baseline heat input or the unit 's heat input for the year before the year for which the Administrator is determining the allocation ; multiplied by the lesser of the unit 's baseline emission rate , the unit 's 2002 emissions rate , or the unit 's most stringent State or federal emission limitation applicable to the year on which the unit 's baseline heat input is based .
the administrator will allocate to an opt-in unit an amount of allowances equal to fifty percent of : the lesser of the unit 's baseline heat input or the unit 's heat input for the year before the year for which the administrator is determining the allocation ; multiplied by the lesser of the unit 's baseline emission rate , the unit 's 2002 emissions rate , or the unit 's most stringent state or federal emission limitation [usable] to the year on which the unit 's baseline heat input is based .

For each of the above three allowance pools , each facility 's allocation will be adjusted to ensure that the total amount of allowances allocated does not exceed the applicable total of allowances available for allocation for the year .
for each of the above three allowance pools , each facility 's allocation will be adjusted to ensure that the total amount of allowances allocated does not exceed the [usable] total of allowances available for allocation for the year .

Each facility 's allocation will be adjusted to ensure that the total amount of allowances allocated does not exceed the applicable total amount of allowances available for allocation for the zone for the year involved .
each facility 's allocation will be adjusted to ensure that the total amount of allowances allocated does not exceed the [usable] total amount of allowances available for allocation for the zone for the year involved .

Applicable Implementation Plan Section 463 requires implementation of the requirements of the NOx SIP call beginning in 2004 including requirements contained in a proposed rulemaking by EPA concerning : the amounts of the State trading budgets ; the criteria for classifying cogeneration units as EGUs and non-EGUs ; and the treatment of States that are only partially in the NOx SIP call area .
[usable] implementation plan section 463 requires implementation of the requirements of the nox sip call beginning in 2004 including requirements contained in a proposed rulemaking by epa concerning : the amounts of the state trading budgets ; the criteria for classifying cogeneration units as egus and non-egus ; and the treatment of states that are only partially in the nox sip call area .

Each facility 's allocation will be adjusted to ensure that the total amount of allowances allocated does not exceed the applicable amount of allowances available for allocation for the year .
each facility 's allocation will be adjusted to ensure that the total amount of allowances allocated does not exceed the [usable] amount of allowances available for allocation for the year .

The Clear Skies Act further requires that , in addressing a petition submitted after enactment that requests a finding for any affected unit under the new trading programs , the Administrator must consider , among other factors , any emissions reductions required to occur by any applicable attainment dates for any relevant nonattainment areas .
the clear skies act further requires that , in addressing a petition submitted after enactment that requests a finding for any affected unit under the new trading programs , the administrator must consider , among other factors , any emissions reductions required to occur by any [usable] attainment dates for any relevant nonattainment areas .

Where applicable , foods used only in chronic toxicity tests can be compared with a food of known quality in side-by-side , multi-concentration chronic tests , using the reference toxicant regularly employed in the laboratory QA program .
where [usable] , foods used only in chronic toxicity tests can be compared with a food of known quality in side-by-side , multi-concentration chronic tests , using the reference toxicant regularly employed in the laboratory qa program .

The construction permit process requires that the facility prepare and submit the permit application to the applicable State or local regulatory agency .
the construction permit process requires that the facility prepare and submit the permit application to the [usable] state or local regulatory agency .

The operating permit modification process consists of preparation and submission of the application to the applicable State or local regulatory agency .
the operating permit modification process consists of preparation and submission of the application to the [usable] state or local regulatory agency .

The construction permit process requires that the facility prepare and submit the permit application to the applicable state or local regulatory agency .
the construction permit process requires that the facility prepare and submit the permit application to the [usable] state or local regulatory agency .

The operating permit modification process consists of preparation and submission of the application to the applicable state or local regulatory agency .
the operating permit modification process consists of preparation and submission of the application to the [usable] state or local regulatory agency .

In the sections that follow , we discuss in greater detail the basis for generating WTP for premature mortality risk reductions and WTP for reductions in the risk of contracting chronic bronchitis and the basis for making adjustments to unit values to make them more applicable to the air pollution reductions we anticipate from the Clear Skies Act .
in the sections that follow , we discuss in greater detail the basis for generating wtp for premature mortality risk reductions and wtp for reductions in the risk of contracting chronic bronchitis and the basis for making adjustments to unit values to make them more [usable] to the air pollution reductions we anticipate from the clear skies act .

This estimate is the mean of a distribution fitted to the estimates from 26 value-of-life studies identified in the Section 812 reports as `` applicable to policy analysis . ''
this estimate is the mean of a distribution fitted to the estimates from 26 value-of-life studies identified in the section 812 reports as `` [usable] to policy analysis . ''

The Alternative Estimate addresses this issue by using an estimate of the value of statistical life that is based only on the set of five contingent valuation studies included in the larger set of 26 studies recommended by Viscusi ( 1992 ) as applicable to policy analysis .
the alternative estimate addresses this issue by using an estimate of the value of statistical life that is based only on the set of five contingent valuation studies included in the larger set of 26 studies recommended by viscusi ( 1992 ) as [usable] to policy analysis .

The estimated relationship from the Che stnut and Rowe study is only directly applicable to the populations represented by survey respondents .
the estimated relationship from the che stnut and rowe study is only directly [usable] to the populations represented by survey respondents .

Applicable Implementation Plan .
[usable] implementation plan .

Such system shall provide , by January 1 , 2008 , for one or more facility-wide accounts for holding sulfur dioxide allowances , nitrogen oxides allowances , and , if applicable , mercury allowances for all affected units at an affected facility .
such system shall provide , by january 1 , 2008 , for one or more facility-wide accounts for holding sulfur dioxide allowances , nitrogen oxides allowances , and , if [usable] , mercury allowances for all affected units at an affected facility .

Nothing in this section relating to allowances shall be construed as affecting the application of , or compliance with , any other provision of this Act to an affected unit or facility , including the provisions related to applicable National Ambient Air Quality Standards and State implementation plans .
nothing in this section relating to allowances shall be construed as affecting the application of , or compliance with , any other provision of this act to an affected unit or facility , including the provisions related to [usable] national ambient air quality standards and state implementation plans .

No permit shall be issued that is inconsistent with the requirements of this title , and title V as applicable .
no permit shall be issued that is inconsistent with the requirements of this title , and title v as [usable] .

For an existing source regulated under this section , `` standard of performance '' means a standard which the Administrator determines is applicable to that source and which reflects the degree of emission reduction achievable through the application of the best system of continuous emission reduction which ( taking into consideration the cost of achieving such emission reduction , and any nonair quality health and environmental impact and energy requirements ) the Administrator determines has been adequately demonstrated for that category of sources .
for an existing source regulated under this section , `` standard of performance '' means a standard which the administrator determines is [usable] to that source and which reflects the degree of emission reduction achievable through the application of the best system of continuous emission reduction which ( taking into consideration the cost of achieving such emission reduction , and any nonair quality health and environmental impact and energy requirements ) the administrator determines has been adequately demonstrated for that category of sources .

The Administrator may revise the applicable emission limitations for tangentially fired and dry bottom , wall-fired boilers ( other than cell burners ) to be more stringent if the Administrator determines that more effective low NOx burner technology is available : Provided , That , no unit that is an affected unit pursuant to section 413 and that is subject to the requirements of subsection ( b ) ( 1 ) , shall be subject to the revised emission limitations , if any .
the administrator may revise the [usable] emission limitations for tangentially fired and dry bottom , wall-fired boilers ( other than cell burners ) to be more stringent if the administrator determines that more effective low nox burner technology is available : provided , that , no unit that is an affected unit pursuant to section 413 and that is subject to the requirements of subsection ( b ) ( 1 ) , shall be subject to the revised emission limitations , if any .

Nothing in this section shall preclude an owner or operator from installing and operating an alternative NOx control technology capable of achieving the applicable emission limitation .
nothing in this section shall preclude an owner or operator from installing and operating an alternative nox control technology capable of achieving the [usable] emission limitation .

The Administrator shall promulgate regulations as necessary to assure that the requirement to hold allowances under section 452 ( a ) ( 1 ) may be met using nitrogen oxides allowances allocated for an ozone season before 2008 under a nitrogen oxides trading program that the Administrator administers in a State 's applicable implementation plan under section 463 .
the administrator shall promulgate regulations as necessary to assure that the requirement to hold allowances under section 452 ( a ) ( 1 ) may be met using nitrogen oxides allowances allocated for an ozone season before 2008 under a nitrogen oxides trading program that the administrator administers in a state 's [usable] implementation plan under section 463 .

This amount represents 7.4 percent of the revenues raised from international postage rates applicable to LC and AO mail dispatched to foreign postal administrations ( excluding Canada ) .
this amount represents 7.4 percent of the revenues raised from international postage rates [usable] to lc and ao mail dispatched to foreign postal administrations ( excluding canada ) .

TABLE 2 EFFECT OF REPLACING TERMINAL DUES WITH DOMESTIC POSTAGE ON INTERNATIONAL MAIL 'S CONTRIBUTION TO INSTITUTIONAL COST AND COST COVERAGE ( Amounts in Millions ) FY 2000 1/ Incremental Outbound Inbound Cost Total ( 1 ) ( 2 ) ( 3 ) ( 4 ) = ( 1 ) + ( 2 ) + ( 3 ) 1 Revenue 2 Attributable Cost 3 Contibution to Institutional Cost 4Cost Coverage $ 1,486 $ 291 - $ 1,777 $ 1,030 $ 322 $ 50 $ 1,402 $ 456 ( $ 31 ) ( $ 50 ) $ 375 144.3 % 90.4 % -126.7 % FY 2000 Assuming Domestic Postage Replaces Current Terminal Dues 2/ Incremental Outbound Inbound Cost Total ( 5 ) ( 6 ) ( 7 ) ( 8 ) = ( 5 ) + ( 6 ) + ( 7 ) 5 Revenue $ 1,486 4/ 6 Attributable Cost 3/ $ 322 $ 50 7 Contibution to Institutional Cost ( $ 50 ) $ 316 8Cost Coverage -119.8 % 1/ Postal rate Commission Report to Congress on FY 2000 International Volumes , Costs , and Revenues , June 29 , 2001 , p.42 , Table IV-1 , Lines 3 , 6 , or 9 , as applicable .
table 2 effect of replacing terminal dues with domestic postage on international mail 's contribution to institutional cost and cost coverage ( amounts in millions ) fy 2000 1/ incremental outbound inbound cost total ( 1 ) ( 2 ) ( 3 ) ( 4 ) = ( 1 ) + ( 2 ) + ( 3 ) 1 revenue 2 attributable cost 3 contibution to institutional cost 4cost coverage $ 1,486 $ 291 - $ 1,777 $ 1,030 $ 322 $ 50 $ 1,402 $ 456 ( $ 31 ) ( $ 50 ) $ 375 144.3 % 90.4 % -126.7 % fy 2000 assuming domestic postage replaces current terminal dues 2/ incremental outbound inbound cost total ( 5 ) ( 6 ) ( 7 ) ( 8 ) = ( 5 ) + ( 6 ) + ( 7 ) 5 revenue $ 1,486 4/ 6 attributable cost 3/ $ 322 $ 50 7 contibution to institutional cost ( $ 50 ) $ 316 8cost coverage -119.8 % 1/ postal rate commission report to congress on fy 2000 international volumes , costs , and revenues , june 29 , 2001 , p.42 , table iv-1 , lines 3 , 6 , or 9 , as [usable] .

LC mail is the most profitable mail and the mail to which First-Class domestic postage rates are most likely to be applicable in the future .
lc mail is the most profitable mail and the mail to which first-class domestic postage rates are most likely to be [usable] in the future .

It seems likely that U.S. and foreign mailers would prepare AO mail so that it would qualify for lower domestic rates applicable to printed matter and/or lower priority delivery .
it seems likely that u.s. and foreign mailers would prepare ao mail so that it would qualify for lower domestic rates [usable] to printed matter and/or lower priority delivery .

The ability of an operator to adjust quality of delivery service can be affected by the applicable postal law in each country .
the ability of an operator to adjust quality of delivery service can be affected by the [usable] postal law in each country .

The rules depart from those generally applicable to proposed mail classification changes by reducing the amount of supporting evidence the Postal Service is required to produce , and by expediting the Commission 's procedural schedule for considering the particular form of proposed change .
the rules depart from those generally [usable] to proposed mail classification changes by reducing the amount of supporting evidence the postal service is required to produce , and by expediting the commission 's procedural schedule for considering the particular form of proposed change .

However , assuming the procedural requirements of Chapter 36 are met , changes negotiated by the Postal Service and a mail user for their mutual benefit may merit recommendation under the applicable statutory standards .
however , assuming the procedural requirements of chapter 36 are met , changes negotiated by the postal service and a mail user for their mutual benefit may merit recommendation under the [usable] statutory standards .

Finally , it asks what effect 4 It would be interesting to learn : How much it cost Sweden Post to serve the areas where it lowered prices relative to its average cost , how important the abandonment of universal pricing is to Sweden Post 's competitive position , and are the circumstances in Sweden applicable to the U.S. ?
finally , it asks what effect 4 it would be interesting to learn : how much it cost sweden post to serve the areas where it lowered prices relative to its average cost , how important the abandonment of universal pricing is to sweden post 's competitive position , and are the circumstances in sweden [usable] to the u.s. ?

Some barriers were proposed by OIPR in the FISA applications and subsequently adopted by the FISC ; others , less formally recorded , were believed by the FBI to be equally applicable .
some barriers were proposed by oipr in the fisa applications and subsequently adopted by the fisc ; others , less formally recorded , were believed by the fbi to be equally [usable] .

The Goldwater-Nichols example is seen by some as having lessons applicable to lessening competition and increasing cooperation in other parts of the federal bureaucracy , particularly the law enforcement and intelligence communities .
the goldwater-nichols example is seen by some as having lessons [usable] to lessening competition and increasing cooperation in other parts of the federal bureaucracy , particularly the law enforcement and intelligence communities .

We offer three illustrations that are particularly applicable today , in 2004 : Pakistan , Afghanistan , and Saudi Arabia .
we offer three illustrations that are particularly [usable] today , in 2004 : pakistan , afghanistan , and saudi arabia .

Congress should pass legislation to remedy the long-standing indemnification and liability impediments to the provision of public safety mutual aid in the National Capital Region and where applicable throughout the nation .
congress should pass legislation to remedy the long-standing indemnification and liability impediments to the provision of public safety mutual aid in the national capital region and where [usable] throughout the nation .

Knowledge gained about this relationship is not only directly applicable to the very similar process of sympatric speciation , but can also tell us a great deal about speciation caused by ecological adaptation and sexual selection , which are critical components of reinforcement in many systems ( e.g. , Nosil et al .
knowledge gained about this relationship is not only directly [usable] to the very similar process of sympatric speciation , but can also tell us a great deal about speciation caused by ecological adaptation and sexual selection , which are critical components of reinforcement in many systems ( e.g. , nosil et al .

To determine when and where this approach is applicable , we now need to discover the boundary conditions .
to determine when and where this approach is [usable] , we now need to discover the boundary conditions .

This creates long delays in determining whether a positive preclinical test result is , in fact , accurate : “ How can one do an appropriate evaluation ? ” Matthews notes that blood appears to be a useful medium for testing scrapie in sheep , but current technology can not deliver a tool applicable across a range of different scrapie genotypes .
this creates long delays in determining whether a positive preclinical test result is , in fact , accurate : “ how can one do an appropriate evaluation ? ” matthews notes that blood appears to be a useful medium for testing scrapie in sheep , but current technology can not deliver a tool [usable] across a range of different scrapie genotypes .

The data have important implications for our understanding of obesity and related disorders in the general population , with one caveat : the study population was enriched with snorers , making the results less applicable to a general population .
the data have important implications for our understanding of obesity and related disorders in the general population , with one caveat : the study population was enriched with snorers , making the results less [usable] to a general population .

Such annotation would be immediately applicable across orthologs and could dramatically improve the value of the sequenced genomes .
such annotation would be immediately [usable] across orthologs and could dramatically improve the value of the sequenced genomes .

Genetic and physiological imperatives dictate that no animal model , even higher primates , gives information applicable to humans .
genetic and physiological imperatives dictate that no animal model , even higher primates , gives information [usable] to humans .

The fundamental distinctions between DTS and DNA display approaches to chemical translation imply that these two strategies will be applicable to different types of synthetic structures .
the fundamental distinctions between dts and dna display approaches to chemical translation imply that these two strategies will be [usable] to different types of synthetic structures .

Name organization ( if applicable ) Address City , State Zip Dear Salutation : Who helps United way help ten-year-old Cindy learn responsibility and self-esteem at an overnight camp ?
name organization ( if [usable] ) address city , state zip dear salutation : who helps united way help ten-year-old cindy learn responsibility and self-esteem at an overnight camp ?

Members receive a membership package that includes all of our educational material , a subscription to aakp RENALlFE , membership in a local chapter if applicable and assurance that your voice is heard in Washington , DC .
members receive a membership package that includes all of our educational material , a subscription to aakp renallfe , membership in a local chapter if [usable] and assurance that your voice is heard in washington , dc .

The NYT says the surgeon general 's report finds that most people with mental disorders do n't get help because they do n't think effective treatments exist , or they fear being stigmatized , or because they lack applicable insurance .
the nyt says the surgeon general 's report finds that most people with mental disorders do n't get help because they do n't think effective treatments exist , or they fear being stigmatized , or because they lack [usable] insurance .

This observation seems unlikely to be applicable either to figure skating or to constitutional government .
this observation seems unlikely to be [usable] either to figure skating or to constitutional government .

Is this really a book about maleness , or is it a reflection in the lives of men of something more generally applicable to American society , female as well as male ?
is this really a book about maleness , or is it a reflection in the lives of men of something more generally [usable] to american society , female as well as male ?

Mayor Giuliani 's repeatedly announced decision to retaliate against the BMA is in violation of the Amendment of the Constitution of the United States , as made applicable to the States by the Fourteenth Amendment of the Constitution of the United States .
mayor giuliani 's repeatedly announced decision to retaliate against the bma is in violation of the amendment of the constitution of the united states , as made [usable] to the states by the fourteenth amendment of the constitution of the united states .

The court 's decisions seem to me to be equally applicable to commercial distributors of indecency and noncommercial ones .
the court 's decisions seem to me to be equally [usable] to commercial distributors of indecency and noncommercial ones .

Besides , say the internationalists , Milne 's language is universally charming ( `` a Wedged Bear in Great Tightness '' ) , and his moral lessons are universally applicable ( if you visit a friend and gorge yourself on honey , you are likely to end up stuck in his doorway for a week while he uses your legs as a towel rack -- how true !
besides , say the internationalists , milne 's language is universally charming ( `` a wedged bear in great tightness '' ) , and his moral lessons are universally [usable] ( if you visit a friend and gorge yourself on honey , you are likely to end up stuck in his doorway for a week while he uses your legs as a towel rack -- how true !

The consistency principle is both universally applicable ( because a consistent solution can always be found ) and universally unambiguous ( because there is never more than one consistent solution ) .
the consistency principle is both universally [usable] ( because a consistent solution can always be found ) and universally unambiguous ( because there is never more than one consistent solution ) .

Prudie believes the Tiffany Manners people would be pleased to update their book to keep up with developments ... however , Prudie suspects that impeachable offenses would be applicable to so few teens that the lap etiquette will remain unchanged .
prudie believes the tiffany manners people would be pleased to update their book to keep up with developments ... however , prudie suspects that impeachable offenses would be [usable] to so few teens that the lap etiquette will remain unchanged .

It is the `` control '' rather than the `` value '' aspect of the modern hard money-soft money dichotomy that makes the terminology applicable to campaign contributions .
it is the `` control '' rather than the `` value '' aspect of the modern hard money-soft money dichotomy that makes the terminology [usable] to campaign contributions .

It must be said that the days when every schoolchild was ( at least ) exposed to classical mythology and the Great Books have been superseded by an obsession with education applicable only to commercial pursuits , the syndrome reflected in , Why do I have to study Chaucer and Shakespeare to become a car mechanic or an astronaut ?
it must be said that the days when every schoolchild was ( at least ) exposed to classical mythology and the great books have been superseded by an obsession with education [usable] only to commercial pursuits , the syndrome reflected in , why do i have to study chaucer and shakespeare to become a car mechanic or an astronaut ?

The dictionary section contains dates ( where applicable ) , etymologies , and descriptive definitions .
the dictionary section contains dates ( where [usable] ) , etymologies , and descriptive definitions .

Rather than focusing our attention on the establishment of universally applicable rules of grammar as a way to make a more democratic society , we might better develop a more holistic , semiotically based curriculum that points our young in the direction of clear thinking .
rather than focusing our attention on the establishment of universally [usable] rules of grammar as a way to make a more democratic society , we might better develop a more holistic , semiotically based curriculum that points our young in the direction of clear thinking .

It is called “ chatter ” by Jessica 's manager ( male ) , who attempts to teach his grade-school “ persons of summer ” the finer points of the game , and who often exhorts them from the sidelines , “ Let 's hear a little bit of chatter , now , ” to which Jessica and the males on the team readily and rapidly respond “ Alright , keed , knock it down his ( or her , when applicable , and the pitcher for the opposing team is also female ) throat ” in support of a teammate at bat , or “ Hit it to me , ” “ Make him hit it onna ground , ” “ Punch him out ( current jargon for exhorting one 's own pitcher to put out the opposing batter on strikes , known as a strikeout ) ” and suchlike .
it is called “ chatter ” by jessica 's manager ( male ) , who attempts to teach his grade-school “ persons of summer ” the finer points of the game , and who often exhorts them from the sidelines , “ let 's hear a little bit of chatter , now , ” to which jessica and the males on the team readily and rapidly respond “ alright , keed , knock it down his ( or her , when [usable] , and the pitcher for the opposing team is also female ) throat ” in support of a teammate at bat , or “ hit it to me , ” “ make him hit it onna ground , ” “ punch him out ( current jargon for exhorting one 's own pitcher to put out the opposing batter on strikes , known as a strikeout ) ” and suchlike .

The Comparative Russian-English Dictionary of Russian Proverbs & Sayings , with 5543 Entries / 1900 Most Important Proverbs Highlighted / English Proverb Index The title is justified by the comparison of Russian proverbs and sayings with English counterparts and , where applicable , references to Greek and Latin sources as well as the Bible .
the comparative russian-english dictionary of russian proverbs & sayings , with 5543 entries / 1900 most important proverbs highlighted / english proverb index the title is justified by the comparison of russian proverbs and sayings with english counterparts and , where [usable] , references to greek and latin sources as well as the bible .

