The impression has nevertheless been given during these three days , despite Mr. Rusk's personal popularity , that the United States delegation came to Oslo in a somewhat tentative and exploratory frame of mind , more ready to listen and learn than to enunciate firm policy on a global scale with detailed application to individual danger spots .
the impression has nevertheless been given during these three days , despite mr. rusk's personal popularity , that the united states delegation came to oslo in a somewhat tentative and exploratory frame of mind , more ready to listen and learn than to enunciate firm policy on a global scale with detailed [use] to individual danger spots .

Senator McClellan is proposing the application of anti-trust measures to unions in transportation .
senator mcclellan is proposing the [use] of anti-trust measures to unions in transportation .

A Lebanese Moslem told about its existence and application in the Islamic tradition as the `` divine law '' , while a C.A.I.P. member who has been working in close association with delegates of the new U.N. nations told of its widespread recognition on the African continent .
a lebanese moslem told about its existence and [use] in the islamic tradition as the `` divine law '' , while a c.a.i.p. member who has been working in close association with delegates of the new u.n. nations told of its widespread recognition on the african continent .

Parts of `` Defeat Into Victory '' are a tangle of Burmese place names and military units , but a little application makes everything clear enough .
parts of `` defeat into victory '' are a tangle of burmese place names and military units , but a little [use] makes everything clear enough .

They will also supply literature on application .
they will also supply literature on [use] .

The author has recently studied the field of medical electronics and has been convinced that , in this area alone , the application of electronic equipment has enormous possibilities .
the author has recently studied the field of medical electronics and has been convinced that , in this area alone , the [use] of electronic equipment has enormous possibilities .

In this article we will concentrate on the advances in the application of electronics in bio-medical research laboratories because this is where tomorrow's commonplace equipment originates .
in this article we will concentrate on the advances in the [use] of electronics in bio-medical research laboratories because this is where tomorrow's commonplace equipment originates .

`` We have made limited application of the ' parallel ladder ' plan .
`` we have made limited [use] of the ' parallel ladder ' plan .

Mr. Clark found that orthodox procedures of deep plowing , use of chemical fertilizers and insecticides , plus the application of conservation principles of rotation and contouring , did not prevent sheet erosion in the potato fields and depreciation of the soil .
mr. clark found that orthodox procedures of deep plowing , use of chemical fertilizers and insecticides , plus the [use] of conservation principles of rotation and contouring , did not prevent sheet erosion in the potato fields and depreciation of the soil .

Years of patient application of compost and leaf mulching has changed the structure of the soil and its water-holding capacity .
years of patient [use] of compost and leaf mulching has changed the structure of the soil and its water-holding capacity .

He then sold her minerals to cure her kidney ailment , a can of sage `` to make her look like a girl again '' , and an application of plain mud to take her wrinkles away .
he then sold her minerals to cure her kidney ailment , a can of sage `` to make her look like a girl again '' , and an [use] of plain mud to take her wrinkles away .

Bruises and black eyes were relieved by application of raw beefsteak .
bruises and black eyes were relieved by [use] of raw beefsteak .

Old sores could be healed by the constant application of a wash made of equal parts vinegar and water .
old sores could be healed by the constant [use] of a wash made of equal parts vinegar and water .

Moreover , prudence alone would indicate that , unless the local customs are already ready to fall when pushed , the results of direct economic action everywhere upon national chain stores will likely be simply to give undue advantage to local and state stores which conform to these customs , leading to greater decentralization and local autonomy within the company , or even ( as the final self-defeat of an unjust application of economic pressure to correct injustice ) to its going out of business in certain sections of the country ( as , for that matter , the Quakers , who once had many meetings in the pre-Civil War South , largely went out of business in that part of the country over the slavery issue , never to recover a large number of southern adherents ) .
moreover , prudence alone would indicate that , unless the local customs are already ready to fall when pushed , the results of direct economic action everywhere upon national chain stores will likely be simply to give undue advantage to local and state stores which conform to these customs , leading to greater decentralization and local autonomy within the company , or even ( as the final self-defeat of an unjust [use] of economic pressure to correct injustice ) to its going out of business in certain sections of the country ( as , for that matter , the quakers , who once had many meetings in the pre-civil war south , largely went out of business in that part of the country over the slavery issue , never to recover a large number of southern adherents ) .

Almost febrile in intensity , the principle has become worldwide in application -- unfortunately at the very time that nationalist fervors can wreak greatest harm .
almost febrile in intensity , the principle has become worldwide in [use] -- unfortunately at the very time that nationalist fervors can wreak greatest harm .

In other words , nationalism worked well enough when it had limited application , both as to geography and as to population ; ;
in other words , nationalism worked well enough when it had limited [use] , both as to geography and as to population ; ;

He treats it with a mythological , universal application .
he treats it with a mythological , universal [use] .

But this truth is distorted by its extreme application : the assumption of the separate existence of tradition .
but this truth is distorted by its extreme [use] : the assumption of the separate existence of tradition .

Since the slogans have little application to reality and are sanctimonious to boot , the applause is faint even in areas of the world where we should expect to find the greatest affection for free government .
since the slogans have little [use] to reality and are sanctimonious to boot , the applause is faint even in areas of the world where we should expect to find the greatest affection for free government .

Information , application forms , and assistance in filing may be obtained from the Office of Minerals Exploration , U.S. Department of the Interior , Washington 25 , D.C. , or from the appropriate regional office listed below .
information , [use] forms , and assistance in filing may be obtained from the office of minerals exploration , u.s. department of the interior , washington 25 , d.c. , or from the appropriate regional office listed below .

The application of conditions in the allocation of aid funds cannot , of course , be mechanical .
the [use] of conditions in the allocation of aid funds cannot , of course , be mechanical .

During fiscal year 1959 , six courses were conducted : Forensic Pathology , Application of Histochemistry to Pathology , Pathology of Diseases of Laboratory Animals , Ophthalmic Pathology , Pathology of the Oral Regions , and a Cardiovasculatory Pathology Seminar .
during fiscal year 1959 , six courses were conducted : forensic pathology , [use] of histochemistry to pathology , pathology of diseases of laboratory animals , ophthalmic pathology , pathology of the oral regions , and a cardiovasculatory pathology seminar .

During fiscal year 1960 , seven courses were conducted : Application of Histochemistry to Pathology , Forensic Pathology , Pathology of Diseases of Laboratory Animals , Pathology of the Oral Regions , Ophthalmic Pathology , Forensic Sciences Symposium , and Orthopedic Pathology .
during fiscal year 1960 , seven courses were conducted : [use] of histochemistry to pathology , forensic pathology , pathology of diseases of laboratory animals , pathology of the oral regions , ophthalmic pathology , forensic sciences symposium , and orthopedic pathology .

From 1 July 1960 through 31 January 1961 , six courses were conducted : Workshop in Resident Training in Pathology , Pathology of Diseases of Laboratory Animals , Application of Histochemistry of Pathology , Orthopedic Pathology , Forensic Sciences Symposium , and Forensic Pathology .
from 1 july 1960 through 31 january 1961 , six courses were conducted : workshop in resident training in pathology , pathology of diseases of laboratory animals , [use] of histochemistry of pathology , orthopedic pathology , forensic sciences symposium , and forensic pathology .

This involves the application of a strong magnetic field to the radical vapor , which shifts the low-frequency spectra to a conveniently high microwave range , where they may be measured with optimum sensitivity .
this involves the [use] of a strong magnetic field to the radical vapor , which shifts the low-frequency spectra to a conveniently high microwave range , where they may be measured with optimum sensitivity .

The programs in infrared spectroscopy are undergoing reorientation toward wavelength standards in the far infrared , the application of infrared techniques to solid state studies , and increased emphasis on high resolution instrumentation .
the programs in infrared spectroscopy are undergoing reorientation toward wavelength standards in the far infrared , the [use] of infrared techniques to solid state studies , and increased emphasis on high resolution instrumentation .

Any person who makes application for any such payment shall be held to have consented to all the provisions of this Title .
any person who makes [use] for any such payment shall be held to have consented to all the provisions of this title .

This can be accomplished substantially by a continued trend toward better facilities and techniques for fire control and more resources to cope with critical fire periods , and a more intensive application of a program of prevention , detection , and control of insect and disease infestations .
this can be accomplished substantially by a continued trend toward better facilities and techniques for fire control and more resources to cope with critical fire periods , and a more intensive [use] of a program of prevention , detection , and control of insect and disease infestations .

The two Governments will , upon the request of either of them , consult regarding any matter relating to the application of this Agreement or to the operation of arrangements carried out pursuant to this Agreement .
the two governments will , upon the request of either of them , consult regarding any matter relating to the [use] of this agreement or to the operation of arrangements carried out pursuant to this agreement .

Upon receipt of an application which the Export-Import Bank is prepared to consider , the Export-Import Bank will inform the Department of Economic Affairs of the identity of the applicant , the nature of the proposed business , the amount of the proposed loan , and the general purposes for which the loan proceeds would be expended .
upon receipt of an [use] which the export-import bank is prepared to consider , the export-import bank will inform the department of economic affairs of the identity of the applicant , the nature of the proposed business , the amount of the proposed loan , and the general purposes for which the loan proceeds would be expended .

When the Export-Import Bank is prepared to act favorably upon an application , it will so notify the Department of Economic Affairs and will indicate the interest rate and the repayment period which would be used under the proposed loan .
when the export-import bank is prepared to act favorably upon an [use] , it will so notify the department of economic affairs and will indicate the interest rate and the repayment period which would be used under the proposed loan .

Within sixty days after the receipt of notice that the Export-Import Bank is prepared to act favorably upon an application the Department of Economic Affairs will indicate to the Export-Import Bank whether or not the Department of Economic Affairs has any objection to the proposed loan .
within sixty days after the receipt of notice that the export-import bank is prepared to act favorably upon an [use] the department of economic affairs will indicate to the export-import bank whether or not the department of economic affairs has any objection to the proposed loan .

You may apply for such an extension by filing Form 2688 , Application For Extension Of Time To File , with the District Director of Internal Revenue for your district , or you may make your application in a letter .
you may apply for such an extension by filing form 2688 , [use] for extension of time to file , with the district director of internal revenue for your district , or you may make your [use] in a letter .

Your application must include the following information : ( 1 ) your reasons for requesting an extension , ( 2 ) whether you filed timely income tax returns for the 3 preceding years , and ( 3 ) whether you were required to file an estimated return for the year , and if so whether you did file and have paid the estimated tax payments on or before the due dates .
your [use] must include the following information : ( 1 ) your reasons for requesting an extension , ( 2 ) whether you filed timely income tax returns for the 3 preceding years , and ( 3 ) whether you were required to file an estimated return for the year , and if so whether you did file and have paid the estimated tax payments on or before the due dates .

Refunds of less than $1 will not be made unless you attach a separate application to your return requesting such a refund .
refunds of less than $1 will not be made unless you attach a separate [use] to your return requesting such a refund .

These machines are designed to provide higher operating speeds , larger yarn packages , and greater flexibility of application to different types of yarn .
these machines are designed to provide higher operating speeds , larger yarn packages , and greater flexibility of [use] to different types of yarn .

New Unifil application
new unifil [use]

A new application for the Unifil loom winder , running single filling for box looms , will broaden mill use of this equipment .
a new [use] for the unifil loom winder , running single filling for box looms , will broaden mill use of this equipment .

Our take-up machines and our twister-coners are undergoing important pilot plant testing for application with new high polymer yarns , in several fiber producing plants .
our take-up machines and our twister-coners are undergoing important pilot plant testing for [use] with new high polymer yarns , in several fiber producing plants .

The best known field of application for builders is in heavy-duty , spray-dried detergent formulations for household use .
the best known field of [use] for builders is in heavy-duty , spray-dried detergent formulations for household use .

Hard-surface cleaning in household application is represented by two classes of alkaline products : ( 1 ) the formulations made expressly for machine dishwashers , and ( 2 ) the general-purpose cleaners used for walls and woodwork .
hard-surface cleaning in household [use] is represented by two classes of alkaline products : ( 1 ) the formulations made expressly for machine dishwashers , and ( 2 ) the general-purpose cleaners used for walls and woodwork .

No matter how they are formulated , a large number of organic actives are simply not suitable for this application , since they do not give adequate soil removal .
no matter how they are formulated , a large number of organic actives are simply not suitable for this [use] , since they do not give adequate soil removal .

In the last few years , the application of chromatographic and other modern techniques to the problem of isolating TSH has led to further purification ( Bates and Condliffe , 1960 ; ;
in the last few years , the [use] of chromatographic and other modern techniques to the problem of isolating tsh has led to further purification ( bates and condliffe , 1960 ; ;

In experiments with topical application of strychnine on the cerebral cortex , the transmission of impulses from the cortex to the hypothalamus was demonstrated .
in experiments with topical [use] of strychnine on the cerebral cortex , the transmission of impulses from the cortex to the hypothalamus was demonstrated .

Thus cortico-fugal discharges induced by topical application of strychnine to a minute area in the neocortex summate with spikes present in the hypothalamus and cause increased convulsive discharges .
thus cortico-fugal discharges induced by topical [use] of strychnine to a minute area in the neocortex summate with spikes present in the hypothalamus and cause increased convulsive discharges .

synchrony prevails in the EEG of the experimental animal after administration of tranquilizers , but asynchrony after application of analeptic and psychoactive drugs .
synchrony prevails in the eeg of the experimental animal after administration of tranquilizers , but asynchrony after [use] of analeptic and psychoactive drugs .

It was assumed that the shift in autonomic hypothalamic balance occurring spontaneously in neuropsychiatric patients from the application of certain therapeutic procedures follows the pattern known from the sleep-wakefulness cycle .
it was assumed that the shift in autonomic hypothalamic balance occurring spontaneously in neuropsychiatric patients from the [use] of certain therapeutic procedures follows the pattern known from the sleep-wakefulness cycle .

This phenomenon raises the question whether the guidance of the emotions for therapeutic ends may not have an even wider application in the area of the neuroses .
this phenomenon raises the question whether the guidance of the emotions for therapeutic ends may not have an even wider [use] in the area of the neuroses .

Sample areas in the new investigations were selected strictly by application of the principles of probability theory , so as to be representative of the total population of defined areas within calculable limits .
sample areas in the new investigations were selected strictly by [use] of the principles of probability theory , so as to be representative of the total population of defined areas within calculable limits .

The reasons for extracting this particular roleplaying application from the previous discussion of training are twofold .
the reasons for extracting this particular roleplaying [use] from the previous discussion of training are twofold .

We suggest the application of certain data-processing techniques as a solution to the problem .
we suggest the [use] of certain data-processing techniques as a solution to the problem .

Two very useful ways for modifying a form-dictionary are the addition to the dictionary of complete paradigms rather than single forms and the application of a single change to more than one dictionary form .
two very useful ways for modifying a form-dictionary are the addition to the dictionary of complete paradigms rather than single forms and the [use] of a single change to more than one dictionary form .

The application of these formulae could not please both sides , for they really attempted to marry the impossible to the inevitable .
the [use] of these formulae could not please both sides , for they really attempted to marry the impossible to the inevitable .

And then the application of the count rules to the width ( horizontally ) of the configuration gives us an intial estimate of the probable depth of the decline .
and then the [use] of the count rules to the width ( horizontally ) of the configuration gives us an intial estimate of the probable depth of the decline .

States were free to enact , within broad , though ( perhaps ) determinate limits , their own rules as to the application of foreign law by their courts , to vary the law merchant , and to enact legislation with regard to many claims arising on the high seas .
states were free to enact , within broad , though ( perhaps ) determinate limits , their own rules as to the [use] of foreign law by their courts , to vary the law merchant , and to enact legislation with regard to many claims arising on the high seas .

Negro parents have filed application for admission of additional children to schools in Alexandria , Arlington , Fairfax , and Warren Counties .
negro parents have filed [use] for admission of additional children to schools in alexandria , arlington , fairfax , and warren counties .

The first , or double-step , type might also be called the `` railroad type '' because of its application to railroads ( and other transportation agencies ) by the Cost Section of the Interstate Commerce Commission .
the first , or double-step , type might also be called the `` railroad type '' because of its [use] to railroads ( and other transportation agencies ) by the cost section of the interstate commerce commission .

In order to simplify the exposition of a typical fully apportioned cost analysis , let us assume the application of the analysis to an electric utility company supplying a single city with power generated by its own steam-generation plant .
in order to simplify the exposition of a typical fully apportioned cost analysis , let us assume the [use] of the analysis to an electric utility company supplying a single city with power generated by its own steam-generation plant .

In a typical application -- the making of rigid urethane foam sandwich panels -- an amount of foam mixture calculated to expand 10 to 20% more than the volume of the panel is poured into the panel void and the top of the panel is locked in place by a jig .
in a typical [use] -- the making of rigid urethane foam sandwich panels -- an amount of foam mixture calculated to expand 10 to 20% more than the volume of the panel is poured into the panel void and the top of the panel is locked in place by a jig .

Drying procedures and application of restorative force procedures are varied to conform with end-use handling during home or commercial laundering .
drying procedures and [use] of restorative force procedures are varied to conform with end-use handling during home or commercial laundering .

The tensioning members have a common drive so that the application of restorative force takes place simultaneously in all directions in the plane of the test specimen .
the tensioning members have a common drive so that the [use] of restorative force takes place simultaneously in all directions in the plane of the test specimen .

When the policy has been chosen , the state of the product can be obtained from the state of the feed by repeated application of the transformation ( 1 ) ; ;
when the policy has been chosen , the state of the product can be obtained from the state of the feed by repeated [use] of the transformation ( 1 ) ; ;

Madden explained that he was thinking of an application sent directly to Mrs. Meeker .
madden explained that he was thinking of an [use] sent directly to mrs. meeker .

As I had expected , he insisted that my visits to the hall would do nothing to further the process of my application .
as i had expected , he insisted that my visits to the hall would do nothing to further the process of my [use] .

But he came toward me sedately enough , showed me around the counter , offered me a seat inside his office , then walked to a file cabinet and got out my application .
but he came toward me sedately enough , showed me around the counter , offered me a seat inside his office , then walked to a file cabinet and got out my [use] .

Nobody would even take his application .
nobody would even take his [use] .

Hanford College hasn't decided on Dave's application yet .
hanford college hasn't decided on dave's [use] yet .

The Assistant Director describes the application process .
the assistant director describes the [use] process .

The protestors chains were easily removed , but the firm 's own padlock refused to budge before the application of some forceful technology .
the protestors chains were easily removed , but the firm 's own padlock refused to budge before the [use] of some forceful technology .

Five months ago the castle was the subject of a second mortgage application for which Mrs Willies-Williams was sentenced to nine months in jail , suspended for two years , for attempted fraud .
five months ago the castle was the subject of a second mortgage [use] for which mrs willies-williams was sentenced to nine months in jail , suspended for two years , for attempted fraud .

The believe planners should have turned down the application .
the believe planners should have turned down the [use] .

He sat quietly during the 20 minute hearing , whilst his solicitor made an application for bail .
he sat quietly during the 20 minute hearing , whilst his solicitor made an [use] for bail .

There was no application for bail .
there was no [use] for bail .

No application was made for bail after the court heard that he was at risk to himself and others due to the nature of the crime .
no [use] was made for bail after the court heard that he was at risk to himself and others due to the nature of the crime .

This painting is one of 6 Sandra is sending off as part of her application to become a member of the Royal Institute of Painters in Watercolour .
this painting is one of 6 sandra is sending off as part of her [use] to become a member of the royal institute of painters in watercolour .

There was no application for bail , and Main was remanded in custody for a week .
there was no [use] for bail , and main was remanded in custody for a week .

Two police officers from Wiltshire are now going to Ireland to arrange an application for extradition .
two police officers from wiltshire are now going to ireland to arrange an [use] for extradition .

It is to a degree , on the application form that each charity receives , it has to state whether it collects for people in the Oxford area , but not as a percentage .
it is to a degree , on the [use] form that each charity receives , it has to state whether it collects for people in the oxford area , but not as a percentage .

Er Carole , can you sign this loan application , there 's a blank
er carole , can you sign this loan [use] , there 's a blank

application form here .
[use] form here .

So things are getting more and more fraught with the folks back home who are determined to have him married . So he 's filling in the application form of the dating agency , he said the girl 's got to be five foot ten , living in China ,
so things are getting more and more fraught with the folks back home who are determined to have him married . so he 's filling in the [use] form of the dating agency , he said the girl 's got to be five foot ten , living in china ,

Well three for the application forms , that 's one oh right , making three .
well three for the [use] forms , that 's one oh right , making three .

erm with an application form
erm with an [use] form

Scottish Aggregates will seek approval for the giant quarry when their application comes before Renfrew District Council 's planning and development committee in Paisley .
scottish aggregates will seek approval for the giant quarry when their [use] comes before renfrew district council 's planning and development committee in paisley .

Granting a Sunderland council application for him to be sent to the unit , the magistrates at the Family Court hearing in the city said : ‘ It is unfortunate … the nearest placement is at the opposite end of the country . ’
granting a sunderland council [use] for him to be sent to the unit , the magistrates at the family court hearing in the city said : ‘ it is unfortunate … the nearest placement is at the opposite end of the country . ’

Opposing the application , Anna Blower , for the boy , said he would be very upset if placed so far from home in a strange environment .
opposing the [use] , anna blower , for the boy , said he would be very upset if placed so far from home in a strange environment .

Magistrates rejected an application for the press to be excluded from the hearing .
magistrates rejected an [use] for the press to be excluded from the hearing .

Granting a Sunderland council application for him to be sent to the unit , the magistrates at the Family Court hearing in the city said : ‘ It is unfortunate … the nearest placement is at the opposite end of the country . ’
granting a sunderland council [use] for him to be sent to the unit , the magistrates at the family court hearing in the city said : ‘ it is unfortunate … the nearest placement is at the opposite end of the country . ’

If permission were given after an application to the planning committee , the monument would be erected east of the Nelson monument above the former Royal High School building , which would have housed a Scottish parliament if the Conservatives had lost the general election last April .
if permission were given after an [use] to the planning committee , the monument would be erected east of the nelson monument above the former royal high school building , which would have housed a scottish parliament if the conservatives had lost the general election last april .

Steve Cardownie , the Labour convener of the committee , said it was up to members to take a view before the application was considered by the planning committee .
steve cardownie , the labour convener of the committee , said it was up to members to take a view before the [use] was considered by the planning committee .

At the time , ScotRail was also attempting to get through a similar application for the junction at Westerton , outside Glasgow .
at the time , scotrail was also attempting to get through a similar [use] for the junction at westerton , outside glasgow .

The first order has been granted by the Scottish Office , three years after the original application , to Scallop Kings of Crinan , one of Scotland 's biggest shellfish operators .
the first order has been granted by the scottish office , three years after the original [use] , to scallop kings of crinan , one of scotland 's biggest shellfish operators .

He claimed there should be no erosion of traditional fishing areas , and stressed that each application would have to go through a long process before being granted .
he claimed there should be no erosion of traditional fishing areas , and stressed that each [use] would have to go through a long process before being granted .

‘ The directors of Falkirk Football Club were aware of and approved the application for the cards .
‘ the directors of falkirk football club were aware of and approved the [use] for the cards .

She alleged that the faculty then deviated from its regulations when it came to considering her application for exemption from some exams and also on the standard of scholarship it applied to her .
she alleged that the faculty then deviated from its regulations when it came to considering her [use] for exemption from some exams and also on the standard of scholarship it applied to her .

As a direct consequence of the Torrie proposal it is also understood that the university 's application for its collections to be granted nationally registered status — giving access to a range of vital funding — is likely to be rejected by the Museum and Galleries Commission .
as a direct consequence of the torrie proposal it is also understood that the university 's [use] for its collections to be granted nationally registered status — giving access to a range of vital funding — is likely to be rejected by the museum and galleries commission .

He said : ‘ The directors of Falkirk Football Club were aware of and approved the application for the cards .
he said : ‘ the directors of falkirk football club were aware of and approved the [use] for the cards .

An outline application for the development of the course centred on farmland around the former Craigtoun Hospital has been lodged with North East Fife District Council .
an outline [use] for the development of the course centred on farmland around the former craigtoun hospital has been lodged with north east fife district council .

There was the application of quotas , and additional opportunities for training and development that may involve , by employers to be seen to be more encouraging and therefore more attractive to female hopefuls — wrenching the market , even , into a more equitable and efficient way of operating .
there was the [use] of quotas , and additional opportunities for training and development that may involve , by employers to be seen to be more encouraging and therefore more attractive to female hopefuls — wrenching the market , even , into a more equitable and efficient way of operating .

Hilary Patrick , the association 's legal adviser , is particularly concerned that if an application is made to section someone with mental health problems they may not be able to afford representation .
hilary patrick , the association 's legal adviser , is particularly concerned that if an [use] is made to section someone with mental health problems they may not be able to afford representation .

It comes only days after Motorola lodged West Lothian 's biggest planning application , designed to accelerate its five-year timetable for bringing the plant up to full production levels and to pave the way for possible further expansion in the future .
it comes only days after motorola lodged west lothian 's biggest planning [use] , designed to accelerate its five-year timetable for bringing the plant up to full production levels and to pave the way for possible further expansion in the future .

The First Division of the Court of Session so held in refusing a reclaiming motion by property valuers against the Lord Ordinary 's decision that a mortgage application form containing a disclaimer in respect of their liability to Derek and Margaret Melrose constituted a contract .
the first division of the court of session so held in refusing a reclaiming motion by property valuers against the lord ordinary 's decision that a mortgage [use] form containing a disclaimer in respect of their liability to derek and margaret melrose constituted a contract .

Counsel for the defenders submitted essentially that the Lord Ordinary had erred in law in concluding that the declaration in the application form was part of a contract between the pursuers and the Alliance Building Society to which the provisions of the act applied , rather than concluding that the declaration was non-contractual in character and accordingly not caught by the provisions of the act so far as applicable to Scotland .
counsel for the defenders submitted essentially that the lord ordinary had erred in law in concluding that the declaration in the [use] form was part of a contract between the pursuers and the alliance building society to which the provisions of the act applied , rather than concluding that the declaration was non-contractual in character and accordingly not caught by the provisions of the act so far as applicable to scotland .

The company has lodged an application with Livingston Development Corporation for planning permission for a 60,000 sq ft extension to its facilities in Houston Industrial Estate to accommodate 91 of the new jobs .
the company has lodged an [use] with livingston development corporation for planning permission for a 60,000 sq ft extension to its facilities in houston industrial estate to accommodate 91 of the new jobs .

But English Heritage has called for a thorough feasibility study before the third application is determined .
but english heritage has called for a thorough feasibility study before the third [use] is determined .

Safeway wants to build a £15m supermarket with 700 free parking spaces , an application rejected by Darlington Borough Council last year .
safeway wants to build a £15m supermarket with 700 free parking spaces , an [use] rejected by darlington borough council last year .

Councillors are being asked to either refuse the snack bar application or agree in principle and refer the fee and conditions to the Works and Health Committee .
councillors are being asked to either refuse the snack bar [use] or agree in principle and refer the fee and conditions to the works and health committee .

Darlington Council refused to go along with the plan but Miss Carter has revived the campaign this week as a planning application emerged wanting to put a food kiosk in the car park .
darlington council refused to go along with the plan but miss carter has revived the campaign this week as a planning [use] emerged wanting to put a food kiosk in the car park .

Yesterday 's meeting refused the plans for Skipbridge Village , comprising 200 houses on 52 acres of land , after a video presentation by the company outlining the application .
yesterday 's meeting refused the plans for skipbridge village , comprising 200 houses on 52 acres of land , after a video presentation by the company outlining the [use] .

But a fourth application to turn nearby Oxmoor Farm into tourist accommodation was refused .
but a fourth [use] to turn nearby oxmoor farm into tourist accommodation was refused .

Mr Faulks said of the application for the house loan : ‘ What we say he was doing here is , being unable to obtain loans in any other way , he is pretending to be selling his house to this fictitious person in order to get the bank to give him £43,000 on the strength of his house which they would otherwise not have given him . ’
mr faulks said of the [use] for the house loan : ‘ what we say he was doing here is , being unable to obtain loans in any other way , he is pretending to be selling his house to this fictitious person in order to get the bank to give him £43,000 on the strength of his house which they would otherwise not have given him . ’

But Geraldine 's application was welcomed by secretary Ernest France and club member John Ingram .
but geraldine 's [use] was welcomed by secretary ernest france and club member john ingram .

And he said the application would be strongly opposed by residents .
and he said the [use] would be strongly opposed by residents .

‘ If Mrs Earley or her granddaughter would care to make contact we will certainly look at her application for a move . ’
‘ if mrs earley or her granddaughter would care to make contact we will certainly look at her [use] for a move . ’

The application for development at Hill House Farm , Aycliffe Village , is to go before Sedgefield District Council 's development committee on Thursday .
the [use] for development at hill house farm , aycliffe village , is to go before sedgefield district council 's development committee on thursday .

Both groups are calling for a halt to the planning application until a full hydrological survey has been carried out to check the pond would be safe .
both groups are calling for a halt to the planning [use] until a full hydrological survey has been carried out to check the pond would be safe .

The company 's application was refused by Darlington Borough Council and is due to go to appeal in May .
the company 's [use] was refused by darlington borough council and is due to go to appeal in may .

No formal planning application has yet been made .
no formal planning [use] has yet been made .

The hearing into the application by Maj William Trotter of the Deanery , Staindrop , to divert the path through his land near Cleatlam , will be held at the Staindrop village hall at 10am .
the hearing into the [use] by maj william trotter of the deanery , staindrop , to divert the path through his land near cleatlam , will be held at the staindrop village hall at 10am .

The Park West ward councillor , Mrs Heather Scott ( Con ) , told the meeting the original application was turned down partly because of Ministry of Transport objections about traffic access .
the park west ward councillor , mrs heather scott ( con ) , told the meeting the original [use] was turned down partly because of ministry of transport objections about traffic access .

After the verdicts , Judge Richard Hawkins refused an application for Layton 's costs to be paid from public funds saying the defendant had brought suspicion upon himself .
after the verdicts , judge richard hawkins refused an [use] for layton 's costs to be paid from public funds saying the defendant had brought suspicion upon himself .

The management plan referred to in your report was drawn up by East Lothian District Council for the developers , Parkdale Archerfield Ltd , to attempt to persuade Scottish Natural Heritage to withdraw its objection to the planning application .
the management plan referred to in your report was drawn up by east lothian district council for the developers , parkdale archerfield ltd , to attempt to persuade scottish natural heritage to withdraw its objection to the planning [use] .

Today four engineering union officials will attend the Court of Session to hear the details of the latest application for a legal order sought against them by management .
today four engineering union officials will attend the court of session to hear the details of the latest [use] for a legal order sought against them by management .

Father James Morrow , a campaigner from Braemar , emerged from the 50-minute hearing of his application by magistrates at Bingley , west Yorkshire , and said : ‘ It is up to me now to pursue the matter in the next court . ’
father james morrow , a campaigner from braemar , emerged from the 50-minute hearing of his [use] by magistrates at bingley , west yorkshire , and said : ‘ it is up to me now to pursue the matter in the next court . ’

Fr Morrow , 58 , had made the application alleging that Dr James Howe murdered Mr Bland , 22 , a victim of the Hillsborough disaster , at the nearby Airedale General Hospital .
fr morrow , 58 , had made the [use] alleging that dr james howe murdered mr bland , 22 , a victim of the hillsborough disaster , at the nearby airedale general hospital .

Fr Morrow said he would soon be lodging the same application at Keighley County Court in Mr Bland 's home town .
fr morrow said he would soon be lodging the same [use] at keighley county court in mr bland 's home town .

The statement said that , having considered the application , the magistrates had refused to issue the summons .
the statement said that , having considered the [use] , the magistrates had refused to issue the summons .

The council 's planning committee refused to consider the application for a £7 million store at Hillington Industrial Estate on the outskirts of Glasgow .
the council 's planning committee refused to consider the [use] for a £7 million store at hillington industrial estate on the outskirts of glasgow .

Under the Land and Compensation Act , Renfrew District Council does not have to entertain a further application within two years unless it differs substantially from the original .
under the land and compensation act , renfrew district council does not have to entertain a further [use] within two years unless it differs substantially from the original .

An application for Mark Newall 's extradition to Jersey would be made in due course , the statement said .
an [use] for mark newall 's extradition to jersey would be made in due course , the statement said .

‘ Whether or not they objected at the time of the planning application we ca n't say .
‘ whether or not they objected at the time of the planning [use] we ca n't say .

Yesterday , however , the firm resubmitted its application and its managing director , David Rurka , said he hoped it would encounter a changed attitude .
yesterday , however , the firm resubmitted its [use] and its managing director , david rurka , said he hoped it would encounter a changed attitude .

The council does not have to consider a new application within two years , unless it differs substantially from the original .
the council does not have to consider a new [use] within two years , unless it differs substantially from the original .

On Friday the Law Lords in Edinburgh refused a Timex company management application for a ban on meetings taking place near the factory gates — interpreted by the union as paving the way for a show of force which will test the nerve of the company and its new recruits who daily run the gauntlet of jeering pickets and supporters .
on friday the law lords in edinburgh refused a timex company management [use] for a ban on meetings taking place near the factory gates — interpreted by the union as paving the way for a show of force which will test the nerve of the company and its new recruits who daily run the gauntlet of jeering pickets and supporters .

That is likely to cost several thousand pounds , and the Scottish Legal Aid Board has already rejected his application to do that .
that is likely to cost several thousand pounds , and the scottish legal aid board has already rejected his [use] to do that .

Several devices are now being produced commercially at the centre , including a novel mobility aid for children with neuromuscular conditions such as cerebral palsy , a low-pressure air bed to stop patients developing pressure sores , a realistic silicon covering for artificial hands and a special frame to assist plaster room staff with the application of children 's leg and body casts .
several devices are now being produced commercially at the centre , including a novel mobility aid for children with neuromuscular conditions such as cerebral palsy , a low-pressure air bed to stop patients developing pressure sores , a realistic silicon covering for artificial hands and a special frame to assist plaster room staff with the [use] of children 's leg and body casts .

The court refused the Crown 's application for the costs of the hearing , estimated at £80,000 , to be met by Newall .
the court refused the crown 's [use] for the costs of the hearing , estimated at £80,000 , to be met by newall .

The main one is that investors who wish to make regular subscriptions for a period of years will need only to complete one initial application form .
the main one is that investors who wish to make regular subscriptions for a period of years will need only to complete one initial [use] form .

‘ But from time to time it has been right to reconsider its detailed application .
‘ but from time to time it has been right to reconsider its detailed [use] .

‘ They are put forward at a time when industry uncertainty about the result of the current energy policy debate is starting to affect confidence in future investment offshore and halfway through a licensing round when industry application have already been made , ’ a statement said .
‘ they are put forward at a time when industry uncertainty about the result of the current energy policy debate is starting to affect confidence in future investment offshore and halfway through a licensing round when industry [use] have already been made , ’ a statement said .

The difference that is becoming increasingly clear , said Mr Botham , is that farmers are taking a thoroughly professional attitude and concentrating on precise timing of every application .
the difference that is becoming increasingly clear , said mr botham , is that farmers are taking a thoroughly professional attitude and concentrating on precise timing of every [use] .

Prospectus and application form can be obtained by phoning 0462 456220 .
prospectus and [use] form can be obtained by phoning 0462 456220 .

But the application of knowledge drives a new learning curve and strong arguments can be made for using regional funds to develop new technologies in the interests of local economic growth where both industry and the university can benefit .
but the [use] of knowledge drives a new learning curve and strong arguments can be made for using regional funds to develop new technologies in the interests of local economic growth where both industry and the university can benefit .

The application of bandings and the capping scheme both favour higher value house owners .
the [use] of bandings and the capping scheme both favour higher value house owners .

Profits more than doubled at pre-tax level , but were complicated by the application of the new accounting rules .
profits more than doubled at pre-tax level , but were complicated by the [use] of the new accounting rules .

An appeal to the House of Lords was the only avenue left open to him after the High Court rejected his bid to overturn the decision and then , in December , the Court of Appeal refused his application for a judicial review .
an appeal to the house of lords was the only avenue left open to him after the high court rejected his bid to overturn the decision and then , in december , the court of appeal refused his [use] for a judicial review .

An application for social work department funding has been turned down , and although staff are still negotiating with the health board and the social services policy committee , the outlook seems bleak .
an [use] for social work department funding has been turned down , and although staff are still negotiating with the health board and the social services policy committee , the outlook seems bleak .

The performance of the gangling Ferguson was a particularly impressive application for a place against Portugal in the World Cup qualifying tie , especially since he was largely bereft of support while the Germans occupied Scotland 's attention elsewhere on the park .
the performance of the gangling ferguson was a particularly impressive [use] for a place against portugal in the world cup qualifying tie , especially since he was largely bereft of support while the germans occupied scotland 's attention elsewhere on the park .

Algorithms and software tools for ordering clone libraries : application to the mapping of the genome of Schizosaccharomyces pombe
algorithms and software tools for ordering clone libraries : [use] to the mapping of the genome of schizosaccharomyces pombe

One is based on distance measures and simulated annealing , the other on the application of heuristic rules to clean the data into a consistent set .
one is based on distance measures and simulated annealing , the other on the [use] of heuristic rules to clean the data into a consistent set .

The council can not turn down their application and registration is free .
the council can not turn down their [use] and registration is free .

The developers have already demonstrated their disregard both for the environment and for planning regulations by commencing landscaping and tree-felling operations before the planning application was approved Both the Durham Wildlife Trust and English Nature have expressed concerns regarding the future of this woodland , but have been ignored .
the developers have already demonstrated their disregard both for the environment and for planning regulations by commencing landscaping and tree-felling operations before the planning [use] was approved both the durham wildlife trust and english nature have expressed concerns regarding the future of this woodland , but have been ignored .

The hearing into the application by Major William Trotter , of the Deanery , Staindrop , to divert the path through his land near Cleatlam , will be held at the Staindrop village hall on April 8 .
the hearing into the [use] by major william trotter , of the deanery , staindrop , to divert the path through his land near cleatlam , will be held at the staindrop village hall on april 8 .

Labour ward councillor Margaret Thomas said people in the house had threatened opponents of the planning application who would not now come forward for fear of repercussions .
labour ward councillor margaret thomas said people in the house had threatened opponents of the planning [use] who would not now come forward for fear of repercussions .

So far no formal planning application has been submitted .
so far no formal planning [use] has been submitted .

Sidhu 's patient 6-hour century was typical of the Indian 's determination and application .
sidhu 's patient 6-hour century was typical of the indian 's determination and [use] .

You start to see yourself in terms of an application form .
you start to see yourself in terms of an [use] form .

Thus if Serbia were convicted of aggression or ethnic cleansing , its punishment might include enforced disarmament , the disgorging of illegally-seized territory , the payment of reparations , and the application of self-determination within its own borders .
thus if serbia were convicted of aggression or ethnic cleansing , its punishment might include enforced disarmament , the disgorging of illegally-seized territory , the payment of reparations , and the [use] of self-determination within its own borders .

Councillors in Darlington gave the development the go-ahead after they heard the hotel company Tomorrow 's Leisure has made several changes to the original application submitted last year .
councillors in darlington gave the development the go-ahead after they heard the hotel company tomorrow 's leisure has made several changes to the original [use] submitted last year .

Chief planning officer Bill Green is recommending the committee to refuse the application .
chief planning officer bill green is recommending the committee to refuse the [use] .

Middleton St George Planning application :
middleton st george planning [use] :

‘ It 's very rare we get an application of this nature and unfortunately 80pc of it has been thrown out and lost to the people of Derwentside .
‘ it 's very rare we get an [use] of this nature and unfortunately 80pc of it has been thrown out and lost to the people of derwentside .

Now , however , the elusive Mr Raymond Court-Hampton once a waiter at Lumley Castle has renewed his planning application .
now , however , the elusive mr raymond court-hampton once a waiter at lumley castle has renewed his planning [use] .

‘ Looking at the state of the pitch on television , ’ he adds , ‘ they could easily argue that such an application would be an environmental improvement . ’
‘ looking at the state of the pitch on television , ’ he adds , ‘ they could easily argue that such an [use] would be an environmental improvement . ’

The business had applied for planning permission last year but the application was found to be invalid and was withdrawn .
the business had applied for planning permission last year but the [use] was found to be invalid and was withdrawn .

‘ At one point we thought we had got an agreement but then they said they did not want any conditions at all attached to the application .
‘ at one point we thought we had got an agreement but then they said they did not want any conditions at all attached to the [use] .

Exactly the same point was made by Soane 30 years later when attacking the application of grandiose Egyptian detail to tiny shops .
exactly the same point was made by soane 30 years later when attacking the [use] of grandiose egyptian detail to tiny shops .

The parish has already looked into the possibility of extending the existing church , but we 've been advised by Delyn that such an application would be rejected because of lack of parking facilities .
the parish has already looked into the possibility of extending the existing church , but we 've been advised by delyn that such an [use] would be rejected because of lack of parking facilities .

‘ The application and desire to win a Test is always there but we need to combine that with combination and cohesion .
‘ the [use] and desire to win a test is always there but we need to combine that with combination and cohesion .

The club 's application to retain the wire will be considered tomorrow night .
the club 's [use] to retain the wire will be considered tomorrow night .

Patients fear Hartington Road Family Health Clinic may still be under threat even though councillors rejected an application to turn it into a drug detoxification centre .
patients fear hartington road family health clinic may still be under threat even though councillors rejected an [use] to turn it into a drug detoxification centre .

But at yesterday 's meeting of the Snowdonia National Park 's northern area planning committee , members accepted an officer 's recommendation that the application be declined , and that Manweb be asked to place the cables underground .
but at yesterday 's meeting of the snowdonia national park 's northern area planning committee , members accepted an officer 's recommendation that the [use] be declined , and that manweb be asked to place the cables underground .

But supporting the application , Glyn Jones claimed the development would be of benefit to the area .
but supporting the [use] , glyn jones claimed the development would be of benefit to the area .

Roberts ' solicitor , John Grey-Lloyd , did not oppose the application but said he reserved the right to apply for bail at the next hearing .
roberts ' solicitor , john grey-lloyd , did not oppose the [use] but said he reserved the right to apply for bail at the next hearing .

Application forms for the audition may be obtained from the office from mid-February .
[use] forms for the audition may be obtained from the office from mid-february .

Public lectures were also organised by the four Schools , and a series of talks given by specialists in various aspects of information services , including the application of new technology to teaching , attracted appreciative audiences .
public lectures were also organised by the four schools , and a series of talks given by specialists in various aspects of information services , including the [use] of new technology to teaching , attracted appreciative audiences .

System Dynamics is a methodology whose areas of application are growing rapidly .
system dynamics is a methodology whose areas of [use] are growing rapidly .

Application forms available from all Medau teachers — or —
[use] forms available from all medau teachers — or —

Medau will be organising the London regional day for interested teachers from all disciplines , which will be held at the Laban Centre on Sunday 1st March — places are limited so early application is advised ( details and application forms enclosed ) .
medau will be organising the london regional day for interested teachers from all disciplines , which will be held at the laban centre on sunday 1st march — places are limited so early [use] is advised ( details and [use] forms enclosed ) .

Keep date free , application forms in April .
keep date free , [use] forms in april .

If any Teacher is interested in attending this Seminar more details are available from the Office , also an application form , which must be returned by Friday 9th November 1990 .
if any teacher is interested in attending this seminar more details are available from the office , also an [use] form , which must be returned by friday 9th november 1990 .

‘ Telekinetic is the ability to cause the movement of a body caused by thought or willpower without the application of a physical force … ’
‘ telekinetic is the ability to cause the movement of a body caused by thought or willpower without the [use] of a physical force … ’

The initial application for the work permit had been refused by the Home Office and an appeal was now being submitted with more detail .
the initial [use] for the work permit had been refused by the home office and an appeal was now being submitted with more detail .

( v ) New application
( v ) new [use]

new application
new [use]

However , simulation finds wider application nowadays in the many situations where it is necessary to model the behaviour of some process before its introduction or before a change is made .
however , simulation finds wider [use] nowadays in the many situations where it is necessary to model the behaviour of some process before its introduction or before a change is made .

Governments have been particularly concerned with the application of pay norms and incomes policies in the railways because of the industry 's size and political salience .
governments have been particularly concerned with the [use] of pay norms and incomes policies in the railways because of the industry 's size and political salience .

It has been said that no application from a major firm for a capacity increment has ever been flatly rejected , although some have been delayed .
it has been said that no [use] from a major firm for a capacity increment has ever been flatly rejected , although some have been delayed .

This , of course , is the mechanism of the consensus process : the expanding firm is persuaded either to delay its application or to accept a delayed approval .
this , of course , is the mechanism of the consensus process : the expanding firm is persuaded either to delay its [use] or to accept a delayed approval .

By the judicious application of support in the areas where it could be most effective , government has done a great deal for the industry .
by the judicious [use] of support in the areas where it could be most effective , government has done a great deal for the industry .

Neither made a bail application .
neither made a bail [use] .

Colette Crowley told the court : ‘ Having considered the matter carefully , and in view of the various charges that my client faces , we believe that it is in his best interests that this application be made .
colette crowley told the court : ‘ having considered the matter carefully , and in view of the various charges that my client faces , we believe that it is in his best interests that this [use] be made .

Kenneth Grant , defending , did not apply for bail , but said he would be making an application at the next hearing .
kenneth grant , defending , did not apply for bail , but said he would be making an [use] at the next hearing .

Bellway 's revised proposal , presented to yesterday 's economic development and planning committee meeting , is half the total of the original application .
bellway 's revised proposal , presented to yesterday 's economic development and planning committee meeting , is half the total of the original [use] .

Tony Noble , chief planning officer , told members that from the inspector 's earlier decision it was clear there would be no objection to a revised application .
tony noble , chief planning officer , told members that from the inspector 's earlier decision it was clear there would be no objection to a revised [use] .

Anchor 's first application for a drinks licence was refused in December .
anchor 's first [use] for a drinks licence was refused in december .

The new application will now be considered on May 13 , after a site visit by magistrates the previous afternoon .
the new [use] will now be considered on may 13 , after a site visit by magistrates the previous afternoon .

John Pitt , joint mangaing director of Anchor International , said : ‘ We are not willing to say anything which might prejudice our application . ’
john pitt , joint mangaing director of anchor international , said : ‘ we are not willing to say anything which might prejudice our [use] . ’

More than 400 villagers have signed a petition against their application feeling their venture would aggravate the problem .
more than 400 villagers have signed a petition against their [use] feeling their venture would aggravate the problem .

Coun Arthur Taylor said there was no planning opposition so they should not give in to the vandals by refusing the application .
coun arthur taylor said there was no planning opposition so they should not give in to the vandals by refusing the [use] .

After an application by his solicitor , David Watson , the case was adjourned to June 29 .
after an [use] by his solicitor , david watson , the case was adjourned to june 29 .

Solicitor David Parrish , representing North Yorkshire County Council , said : ‘ It is most unusual to attend a public inquiry to find an application with three alternative proposals .
solicitor david parrish , representing north yorkshire county council , said : ‘ it is most unusual to attend a public inquiry to find an [use] with three alternative proposals .

An earlier planning application by the firm for 47 homes on the site was refused by Middlesbrough council and an appeal against the decision was dismissed at a public inquiry .
an earlier planning [use] by the firm for 47 homes on the site was refused by middlesbrough council and an appeal against the decision was dismissed at a public inquiry .

The new application , for 19 fewer houses and improved landscaping , prompted 45 letters of objection .
the new [use] , for 19 fewer houses and improved landscaping , prompted 45 letters of objection .

Sainsbury 's regional director , Roger Warren Evans , said : ‘ We are delighted with the tremendous support for this proposal and look forward to progressing the planning application with the local authority . ’
sainsbury 's regional director , roger warren evans , said : ‘ we are delighted with the tremendous support for this proposal and look forward to progressing the planning [use] with the local authority . ’

Meanwhile , Arfon Council 's planning section in Caernarfon confirmed it was still considering the Sainsbury 's plan and the application would be judged on its merits .
meanwhile , arfon council 's planning section in caernarfon confirmed it was still considering the sainsbury 's plan and the [use] would be judged on its merits .

‘ The Department of Transport is likely to look favourably on any site application for a replacement and we are planning to install four infra-red vehicle detectors at the crossing , ’ he said .
‘ the department of transport is likely to look favourably on any site [use] for a replacement and we are planning to install four infra-red vehicle detectors at the crossing , ’ he said .

No formal planning application had yet been made .
no formal planning [use] had yet been made .

But both the application form and the order were untrue , Teesside Crown Court was told .
but both the [use] form and the order were untrue , teesside crown court was told .

She said several local residents had contacted her about the application submitted to the council by Anchor International .
she said several local residents had contacted her about the [use] submitted to the council by anchor international .

Middlesbrough Council and some local residents groups are supporting the Anchor application for a drinks licence .
middlesbrough council and some local residents groups are supporting the anchor [use] for a drinks licence .

Magistrates refused a similar request last December after residents ' objections , but Anchor resubmitted the application .
magistrates refused a similar request last december after residents ' objections , but anchor resubmitted the [use] .

The launch in West Lane Hospital , Middlesbrough , also marked the start of a three-month consultation period which gives the public a chance to comment on the application , made by South Tees Community and Mental Health Care .
the launch in west lane hospital , middlesbrough , also marked the start of a three-month consultation period which gives the public a chance to comment on the [use] , made by south tees community and mental health care .

There was a similar application by South West Durham Mental Health Services at Winterton Hosptial , Sedgefield , on Thursday .
there was a similar [use] by south west durham mental health services at winterton hosptial , sedgefield , on thursday .

Copies of all three application documents are being sent to organisations involved in health care , including health authorities , community health councils and family health services authorities .
copies of all three [use] documents are being sent to organisations involved in health care , including health authorities , community health councils and family health services authorities .

If its application is successful it will join the third wave of National Health Service Trusts to come into force in April , 1993 .
if its [use] is successful it will join the third wave of national health service trusts to come into force in april , 1993 .

The services included in the application are those delivered by St.
the services included in the [use] are those delivered by st.

During the next three months there will be a number of exhibitions and public meetings to discuss the trust application with Langbaurgh and Middlesbrough residents .
during the next three months there will be a number of exhibitions and public meetings to discuss the trust [use] with langbaurgh and middlesbrough residents .

After a licence was rejected in December , they submitted a second application , to be determined by licensing magistrates on Wednesday .
after a licence was rejected in december , they submitted a second [use] , to be determined by licensing magistrates on wednesday .

The application also contained outline plans for housing .
the [use] also contained outline plans for housing .

More than 400 people in New Marske petitioned Langbaurgh Council over the application for the takeaway in the local shopping parade .
more than 400 people in new marske petitioned langbaurgh council over the [use] for the takeaway in the local shopping parade .

The residents say the application by Paul and Linda Wilson , of Middlesbrough , is inappropriate for the row of shops which already includes a fish and chip shop .
the residents say the [use] by paul and linda wilson , of middlesbrough , is inappropriate for the row of shops which already includes a fish and chip shop .

The original application from Anchor , which is building a similar complex in Gateshead , was refused by magistrates in December .
the original [use] from anchor , which is building a similar complex in gateshead , was refused by magistrates in december .

The new application removed plans for a dance floor from the scheme .
the new [use] removed plans for a dance floor from the scheme .

Anchor and the council argued that the bar was ‘ an essential , but ancillary ’ part of the application .
anchor and the council argued that the bar was ‘ an essential , but ancillary ’ part of the [use] .

Mr Robertson applied for an adjournment to see if witnesses could be traced but Mr Justice Kennedy denied his application .
mr robertson applied for an adjournment to see if witnesses could be traced but mr justice kennedy denied his [use] .

Teesside magistrates adjourned the case until July 30 after an application by Ridsdale-Tombling , 38 , of Normanby Hall Park , Normanby , Middlesbrough .
teesside magistrates adjourned the case until july 30 after an [use] by ridsdale-tombling , 38 , of normanby hall park , normanby , middlesbrough .

The application features a superstore , petrol filling station , car park and residential development .
the [use] features a superstore , petrol filling station , car park and residential development .

Planning officers have received an application to convert two shops into a restaurant on the corner of Yarm Road and Peel Street .
planning officers have received an [use] to convert two shops into a restaurant on the corner of yarm road and peel street .

His application will be considered by members of the development committee at a later date .
his [use] will be considered by members of the development committee at a later date .

The public inquiry into the National Grid Company 's application to build overhead power lines between Lackenby , Picton and Shipton opens today at the Hambleton Community Centre , Bullamoor Road , Northallerton at 10am .
the public inquiry into the national grid company 's [use] to build overhead power lines between lackenby , picton and shipton opens today at the hambleton community centre , bullamoor road , northallerton at 10am .

The council 's development control sub-committee will discuss an application to remove the statue next week .
the council 's development control sub-committee will discuss an [use] to remove the statue next week .

Seven days notice of the application has to be given to the court and to the police .
seven days notice of the [use] has to be given to the court and to the police .

The applicant could then run the business in the previous licensee 's name until an application for a full transfer of the licence was made to the licensing justices .
the applicant could then run the business in the previous licensee 's name until an [use] for a full transfer of the licence was made to the licensing justices .

World War 1 veteran Mr Brownbill has been waiting two years to see if his application for a house renovation grant would be successful .
world war 1 veteran mr brownbill has been waiting two years to see if his [use] for a house renovation grant would be successful .

Demand for application forms for the £20 licences has been brisk recently and managing director Peter Stephenson is hoping there will be enough new dogs at the track to have two permit meetings a week .
demand for [use] forms for the £20 licences has been brisk recently and managing director peter stephenson is hoping there will be enough new dogs at the track to have two permit meetings a week .

Now it has submitted a new application and the council is supporting it once more .
now it has submitted a new [use] and the council is supporting it once more .

‘ There is enormous support for the scheme in the town and when they considered the first application , the only resident input came from a small group of people who opposed it , ’ he said .
‘ there is enormous support for the scheme in the town and when they considered the first [use] , the only resident input came from a small group of people who opposed it , ’ he said .

The plan was scrapped when magistrates refused a drinks licence for the £1.25m complex , but Anchor has submitted a second application .
the plan was scrapped when magistrates refused a drinks licence for the £1.25m complex , but anchor has submitted a second [use] .

‘ It is now our number one venue when we make application for world events .
‘ it is now our number one venue when we make [use] for world events .

The same bench deferred a second application last month and will make a final decision on May 13 .
the same bench deferred a second [use] last month and will make a final decision on may 13 .

The 32-year-old central defender will hand in his application this week to a club he has served for nine years in two spells .
the 32-year-old central defender will hand in his [use] this week to a club he has served for nine years in two spells .

Although the planners refused an application for a retail development on the site this was allowed on appeal .
although the planners refused an [use] for a retail development on the site this was allowed on appeal .

Application form
[use] form

Selection will be based on an application form and an interview .
selection will be based on an [use] form and an interview .

He sent off an application and was puzzled to receive two replies .
he sent off an [use] and was puzzled to receive two replies .

The nine-week project offers practical advice on application forms and CVs , as well as information on further and higher education options .
the nine-week project offers practical advice on [use] forms and cvs , as well as information on further and higher education options .

The Sainsbury 's application is the latest to go to appeal at a public inquiry .
the sainsbury 's [use] is the latest to go to appeal at a public inquiry .

He says that there are conservation reasons for not granting this application .
he says that there are conservation reasons for not granting this [use] .

Roman was hoping to treat Stephen for six months , but an application to the extension of his visa has just been turned down .
roman was hoping to treat stephen for six months , but an [use] to the extension of his visa has just been turned down .

They think it would have too great an impact on the rural environment and they 've recommended that the application be turned down .
they think it would have too great an impact on the rural environment and they 've recommended that the [use] be turned down .

This morning in a surprise announcement Thames Water said they were deferring their application for planning by at least five years
this morning in a surprise announcement thames water said they were deferring their [use] for planning by at least five years

The Department of Trade opposed his application to sue for damages .
the department of trade opposed his [use] to sue for damages .

Mr Ward says it 's obvious why his application was rejected .
mr ward says it 's obvious why his [use] was rejected .

But then came the news his immigration application had been delayed a few weeks because he 's a diabetic .
but then came the news his immigration [use] had been delayed a few weeks because he 's a diabetic .

He says we 've actually made it clear on our planning application that we 're prepared to look very carefully at the mix and size and type of housing to ensure it fits what local people need in the area .
he says we 've actually made it clear on our planning [use] that we 're prepared to look very carefully at the mix and size and type of housing to ensure it fits what local people need in the area .

Annis Garfield , caused a major row 2 years ago when she applied for a teaching post under a false name and was offered an interview , despite her application being littered with spelling mistakes .
annis garfield , caused a major row 2 years ago when she applied for a teaching post under a false name and was offered an interview , despite her [use] being littered with spelling mistakes .

An application has been made once more for July 13 and 14 , but the key factor is the meeting at Killarney which normally clashes with the Maze festival .
an [use] has been made once more for july 13 and 14 , but the key factor is the meeting at killarney which normally clashes with the maze festival .

He says we could not approve his application .
he says we could not approve his [use] .

So that 's one application of superconductivity .
so that 's one [use] of superconductivity .

One of the dangers of the current climate for admission , which makes it more difficult than it has been in recent years for students to get into universities , is that the concentration is on the techniques of application , rather than on what lies behind the mechanical process .
one of the dangers of the current climate for admission , which makes it more difficult than it has been in recent years for students to get into universities , is that the concentration is on the techniques of [use] , rather than on what lies behind the mechanical process .

Sir Keith Joseph has recently gone on record as saying that he wished that examiners could be more objective in their assessment of what children know . Is there any application of this in chemistry that you can see ? Is there a body of chemistry that , if you knew it , you 're all right , as it were , you could pass a certain exam and if you did n't know it , or is chemistry a little bit subjective in terms of its assessment ?
sir keith joseph has recently gone on record as saying that he wished that examiners could be more objective in their assessment of what children know . is there any [use] of this in chemistry that you can see ? is there a body of chemistry that , if you knew it , you 're all right , as it were , you could pass a certain exam and if you did n't know it , or is chemistry a little bit subjective in terms of its assessment ?

The local council in Banbury have just recently passed the planning application for the Coca Cola canning plant there , is this something you would welcome given problems with pollution up in Banbury anyway , before ?
the local council in banbury have just recently passed the planning [use] for the coca cola canning plant there , is this something you would welcome given problems with pollution up in banbury anyway , before ?

The new-look Health Authority has been meeting to discuss the Nuffield 's application to become self-governing .
the new-look health authority has been meeting to discuss the nuffield 's [use] to become self-governing .

Are you , er is it still time , or is there still time for people to get involved if they have n't already filled in their application form ?
are you , er is it still time , or is there still time for people to get involved if they have n't already filled in their [use] form ?

There is clearly the possibility of er an application for judicial review on the ground that the Secretary of State has produced essentially a politically biased list and has therefore acted unlawfully .
there is clearly the possibility of er an [use] for judicial review on the ground that the secretary of state has produced essentially a politically biased list and has therefore acted unlawfully .

There have been before the present application which was approved , there have been applications refused because the Oxford City Planning Committee were concerned particularly about er access and parking arrangements , and the effects of the extensions er on the front of the building , er very close to Sandy Lane , by the impact of those buildings in particular on residential amenity , on the houses and the occupants of them on the other side of Sandy Lane .
there have been before the present [use] which was approved , there have been applications refused because the oxford city planning committee were concerned particularly about er access and parking arrangements , and the effects of the extensions er on the front of the building , er very close to sandy lane , by the impact of those buildings in particular on residential amenity , on the houses and the occupants of them on the other side of sandy lane .

Yes , there have been some very vigorous objections made by local residents , and that is particularly why the application that preceded this one was refused planning permission because er the objections they made were considered to be well founded by the Planning Committee and supported many of their views .
yes , there have been some very vigorous objections made by local residents , and that is particularly why the [use] that preceded this one was refused planning permission because er the objections they made were considered to be well founded by the planning committee and supported many of their views .

Not specifically , er you , you 're right , we 've got a planning application in for Finmere , er and the Council will be considering that probably , next month .
not specifically , er you , you 're right , we 've got a planning [use] in for finmere , er and the council will be considering that probably , next month .

In the long term , yes , but what we 're currently doing as part of the assessment of the Finmere application is just checking the resources that do exist in those four areas , to , to make sure that we 're still able to meet our targets .
in the long term , yes , but what we 're currently doing as part of the assessment of the finmere [use] is just checking the resources that do exist in those four areas , to , to make sure that we 're still able to meet our targets .

Oh yes , we 'd send them an application form and tell them what we do .
oh yes , we 'd send them an [use] form and tell them what we do .

Because once you 've got a computer running for your main application then you can always find other things to do with it which may help you to improve your business .
because once you 've got a computer running for your main [use] then you can always find other things to do with it which may help you to improve your business .

And so , depending on what you want to do on nine o'clock on Monday morning , you would take out the required floppy disc , put it in your computer , take out your data disc , which you would also have kept , put that in the second floppy disc unit , and you 'd be ready to run that particular application .
and so , depending on what you want to do on nine o'clock on monday morning , you would take out the required floppy disc , put it in your computer , take out your data disc , which you would also have kept , put that in the second floppy disc unit , and you 'd be ready to run that particular [use] .

Well , this is a slightly more complicated application , where you 're not just selling for example straight from stock , but you take orders from customers , and then you would have to manufacture , perhaps to buy in , to assemble , some sort of goods for sending out .
well , this is a slightly more complicated [use] , where you 're not just selling for example straight from stock , but you take orders from customers , and then you would have to manufacture , perhaps to buy in , to assemble , some sort of goods for sending out .

’ That sort of application has n't yet reached the small shops where really the proprietor of the shop himself is only too well aware of when the baked beans is running out .
’ that sort of [use] has n't yet reached the small shops where really the proprietor of the shop himself is only too well aware of when the baked beans is running out .

And do you think that 's really going to be an application , as it were , that will appeal more to the lay person rather than person that uses a computer for business or professionally one way or another ?
and do you think that 's really going to be an [use] , as it were , that will appeal more to the lay person rather than person that uses a computer for business or professionally one way or another ?

One of the major application areas of micro-electronic technology is in the use of single chip microcomputers , particularly to replace timing functions in domestic goods .
one of the major [use] areas of micro-electronic technology is in the use of single chip microcomputers , particularly to replace timing functions in domestic goods .

We have a very record in Thamesdown of treating every application on its merits .
we have a very record in thamesdown of treating every [use] on its merits .

We 've just heard in the last few minutes that the application for that hotel to be listed has been turned down .
we 've just heard in the last few minutes that the [use] for that hotel to be listed has been turned down .

The application was deferred until June .
the [use] was deferred until june .

You said that it takes a long time for development between the first idea being mooted and a workable application of the particular physical principle , and you cited , what , fifty years for the development of a nuclear power station — is there always that time lag in technology ?
you said that it takes a long time for development between the first idea being mooted and a workable [use] of the particular physical principle , and you cited , what , fifty years for the development of a nuclear power station — is there always that time lag in technology ?

The Survey was based on an examination of the book application forms ( commonly referred to as ‘ call-slips ’ ) submitted by readers over a period of a fortnight .
the survey was based on an examination of the book [use] forms ( commonly referred to as ‘ call-slips ’ ) submitted by readers over a period of a fortnight .

According to Chomsky and Halle , at the abstract phonological level there is no stress ; stress ( of many different levels ) is the result of the application of phonological rules , which are simple enough in theory but highly complex in practice .
according to chomsky and halle , at the abstract phonological level there is no stress ; stress ( of many different levels ) is the result of the [use] of phonological rules , which are simple enough in theory but highly complex in practice .

In generative phonology , a results from vowel reduction in vowels which have never received stress in the process of the application of stress rules .
in generative phonology , a results from vowel reduction in vowels which have never received stress in the process of the [use] of stress rules .

It can be seen that when the theory of road use charging , which has been spoken of exhaustively over the last few years , is translated into practical application , many problems will arise .
it can be seen that when the theory of road use charging , which has been spoken of exhaustively over the last few years , is translated into practical [use] , many problems will arise .

Then each discharger made application for consent and simply by applying was ‘ deemed ’ to have it . Was n't this a shameful state of affairs in a civilised country ?
then each discharger made [use] for consent and simply by applying was ‘ deemed ’ to have it . was n't this a shameful state of affairs in a civilised country ?

Certainly its application within the large domestic market of the United States , which alone accounts for some 40 per cent of world air travel , can hardly be considered an unqualified success .
certainly its [use] within the large domestic market of the united states , which alone accounts for some 40 per cent of world air travel , can hardly be considered an unqualified success .

Scholarships , Grants and Awards brochures and application forms are now available and have been widely circulated to all Sections and those who have requested them .
scholarships , grants and awards brochures and [use] forms are now available and have been widely circulated to all sections and those who have requested them .

Application forms are available upon request from the Examinations Department at Portland Place .
[use] forms are available upon request from the examinations department at portland place .

Sales is another obvious application .
sales is another obvious [use] .

An application for bail by Gary Heaven , defending , was refused during the hour-long hearing .
an [use] for bail by gary heaven , defending , was refused during the hour-long hearing .

An application for bail by Gary Heaven , defending , was refused during the hour-long hearing .
an [use] for bail by gary heaven , defending , was refused during the hour-long hearing .

An application for 53 houses on the site — 18 starter and small retirement homes on the convent site , 16 on the site of the farm and 19 in a field opposite the Feilding Arms should be refused , say planners .
an [use] for 53 houses on the site — 18 starter and small retirement homes on the convent site , 16 on the site of the farm and 19 in a field opposite the feilding arms should be refused , say planners .

Gwynedd County Council officers had recommended refusing the application .
gwynedd county council officers had recommended refusing the [use] .

Cllr Johnston said it took the city solicitor 's department two hours to find the application forms , after he had asked why interviews had not been held .
cllr johnston said it took the city solicitor 's department two hours to find the [use] forms , after he had asked why interviews had not been held .

But Dayglobe 's bid suffered a major setback last month when councillors rejected its planning application for the site .
but dayglobe 's bid suffered a major setback last month when councillors rejected its planning [use] for the site .

Because of the length of time involved , the spokesman made a specific inquiry on my behalf about the state of Mr Lee 's application .
because of the length of time involved , the spokesman made a specific inquiry on my behalf about the state of mr lee 's [use] .

Knowsley Council is preparing a planning application for Prescot Comprehensive to be consolidated on one site .
knowsley council is preparing a planning [use] for prescot comprehensive to be consolidated on one site .

The economic development and planning committee last night agreed to put in a planning application .
the economic development and planning committee last night agreed to put in a planning [use] .

He emphasised that in dismissing McCrory 's application for judicial review he was not imposing a ban on the wearing of poppies in prison .
he emphasised that in dismissing mccrory 's [use] for judicial review he was not imposing a ban on the wearing of poppies in prison .

Like a surgeon treating galloping cancer , the knife is enticed even farther from the original point of application .
like a surgeon treating galloping cancer , the knife is enticed even farther from the original point of [use] .

The competition brought together 36 large and small users of powder coatings for the two-day examination of their application skills .
the competition brought together 36 large and small users of powder coatings for the two-day examination of their [use] skills .

’ Out of that approach came both the new product itself and the technology for its application .
’ out of that approach came both the new product itself and the technology for its [use] .

If the original Application Form indicates that the parents are also interested in an Assisted Place the appropriate forms will be issued at this time .
if the original [use] form indicates that the parents are also interested in an assisted place the appropriate forms will be issued at this time .

Now Tygavac is linking up with the growing network of Application Support Centres , set up in close proximity to customers to provide sealants and coatings , being established in Europe by Courtaulds Aerospace .
now tygavac is linking up with the growing network of [use] support centres , set up in close proximity to customers to provide sealants and coatings , being established in europe by courtaulds aerospace .

Advice on preparation and application .
advice on preparation and [use] .

Visitors were able to press a button and view a complete product line description , including technology , application information , performance charts , special features and customer benefits .
visitors were able to press a button and view a complete product line description , including technology , [use] information , performance charts , special features and customer benefits .

For these reasons it is seldom used for current measurement nowadays but it does find application in a modified form of operation that enables electrical power to be measured in both direct and alternating-current circuits at frequencies up to a few hundred hertz .
for these reasons it is seldom used for current measurement nowadays but it does find [use] in a modified form of operation that enables electrical power to be measured in both direct and alternating-current circuits at frequencies up to a few hundred hertz .

This section is concerned with the introduction and application of certain particularly useful types of equivalent circuit that display the same form of linear small-signal response as any nonlinear four-terminal network .
this section is concerned with the introduction and [use] of certain particularly useful types of equivalent circuit that display the same form of linear small-signal response as any nonlinear four-terminal network .

Application of Kirchhoff 's voltage law to its input and output circuits generates equations ( 10.8 ) .
[use] of kirchhoff 's voltage law to its input and output circuits generates equations ( 10.8 ) .

It is left as a simple exercise to show that application of Kirchhoff 's laws to the circuit does indeed yield relations ( 10.12 ) .
it is left as a simple exercise to show that [use] of kirchhoff 's laws to the circuit does indeed yield relations ( 10.12 ) .

Such networks are also said to be active in the spirit of the application of the term active at the end of chapter 2 .
such networks are also said to be active in the spirit of the [use] of the term active at the end of chapter 2 .

With reference to figure 10.8 ( a ) , application of Kirchhoff 's voltage law to the input circuit yields But and so the closed-loop gain is in accordance with equation ( 10.26 ) .
with reference to figure 10.8 ( a ) , [use] of kirchhoff 's voltage law to the input circuit yields but and so the closed-loop gain is in accordance with equation ( 10.26 ) .

Application of Kirchhoff 's current law at the input gives where Hence the closed-loop gain can be expressed as while the closed-loop input impedance is With shunt-inserted feedback it is easier to find the output impedance when the input is connected to a source of infinite internal impedance , that is , to a constant-current source is so that .
[use] of kirchhoff 's current law at the input gives where hence the closed-loop gain can be expressed as while the closed-loop input impedance is with shunt-inserted feedback it is easier to find the output impedance when the input is connected to a source of infinite internal impedance , that is , to a constant-current source is so that .

For the moment , the enormous value of negative feedback will be illustrated by considering one fascinating area of application .
for the moment , the enormous value of negative feedback will be illustrated by considering one fascinating area of [use] .

Application of positive feedback to the comparator as shown in figure 10.14 ( b ) creates a regenerative switch with hysteresis called the Schmitt trigger .
[use] of positive feedback to the comparator as shown in figure 10.14 ( b ) creates a regenerative switch with hysteresis called the schmitt trigger .

Splitting this function into its partial fractions where Now comparison of coefficients of s shows that , or , Hence and application of equation ( 11.32 ) reveals that In a similar way from equations ( 11.32 ) and ( 11.35 ) .
splitting this function into its partial fractions where now comparison of coefficients of s shows that , or , hence and [use] of equation ( 11.32 ) reveals that in a similar way from equations ( 11.32 ) and ( 11.35 ) .

Based on initial assessment of application , finalists will be chosen and specially trained teams of assessors will pay on-site visits to them during the summer .
based on initial assessment of [use] , finalists will be chosen and specially trained teams of assessors will pay on-site visits to them during the summer .

In two test cases involving boys under the age of five , application to be housed had been made in the name of child after the parents had been refused accommodation .
in two test cases involving boys under the age of five , [use] to be housed had been made in the name of child after the parents had been refused accommodation .

An adhesive salesperson may decide that the objective of his visit to a buyer is to demonstrate the ease of application and adhesive properties of a new product .
an adhesive salesperson may decide that the objective of his visit to a buyer is to demonstrate the ease of [use] and adhesive properties of a new product .

Its application is much wider and encompassing the entire organisation and its various external and internal ‘ publics ’ .
its [use] is much wider and encompassing the entire organisation and its various external and internal ‘ publics ’ .

New and potential users can grasp the basics of microcomputing — system components , function keys , Dosmate , general housekeeping and an overview of common application packages .
new and potential users can grasp the basics of microcomputing — system components , function keys , dosmate , general housekeeping and an overview of common [use] packages .

It 's just the application
it 's just the [use]

Planning application , notice , for her first floor extension over the garage . That wall
planning [use] , notice , for her first floor extension over the garage . that wall

There 's er no practical application as far as you know .
there 's er no practical [use] as far as you know .

This month we 're going to look at minor scales and their application .
this month we 're going to look at minor scales and their [use] .

Last year , however , once your application had been received by the Tour , you were considered a professional .
last year , however , once your [use] had been received by the tour , you were considered a professional .

It is quite possible to use your own system of bar codes if you can come up with a suitable application .
it is quite possible to use your own system of bar codes if you can come up with a suitable [use] .

In the final five examples ( figs 6–10 ) are some ideas for the application of double stops .
in the final five examples ( figs 6–10 ) are some ideas for the [use] of double stops .

Fig 10 is a brief soloing application ( more on this next month ) , taken from Joe Satriani 's Satch Boogie .
fig 10 is a brief soloing [use] ( more on this next month ) , taken from joe satriani 's satch boogie .

Choosing to overlook the actual blatancy of British power and concentrate instead upon its supposed attenuation , they produced the definitive celebration of the attempt to govern , not through the threat or application of physical force , but through the power of personal influence alone .
choosing to overlook the actual blatancy of british power and concentrate instead upon its supposed attenuation , they produced the definitive celebration of the attempt to govern , not through the threat or [use] of physical force , but through the power of personal influence alone .

Gandhi has described in Satyagraha in South Africa how in the course of the struggle against the Black Act of 1907 , which required every Indian over the age of eight in the Transvaal to register and be finger-printed , he developed his doctrine of satyagraha or ‘ truth-force ’ and its practical application in civil disobedience .
gandhi has described in satyagraha in south africa how in the course of the struggle against the black act of 1907 , which required every indian over the age of eight in the transvaal to register and be finger-printed , he developed his doctrine of satyagraha or ‘ truth-force ’ and its practical [use] in civil disobedience .

This follows the same principle and method of application . The first unchanging part of the sentence is always : Please can you tell me where to buy … ? The sentence finishes with : a newspaper ? … an overcoat ? … a goldfish ? … writing paper ? … a television set ? … an alarm clock ? … an engagement ring ?
this follows the same principle and method of [use] . the first unchanging part of the sentence is always : please can you tell me where to buy … ? the sentence finishes with : a newspaper ? … an overcoat ? … a goldfish ? … writing paper ? … a television set ? … an alarm clock ? … an engagement ring ?

Strangely , there did not seem to be much on-going practical application in the early days .
strangely , there did not seem to be much on-going practical [use] in the early days .

Practical application
practical [use]

’ It takes time , effort and application , persistence and determination .
’ it takes time , effort and [use] , persistence and determination .

Antibacterial treatments can take the form of baths , external application to affected areas , injection and oral administration via the food .
antibacterial treatments can take the form of baths , external [use] to affected areas , injection and oral administration via the food .

Further details and application forms are available from .
further details and [use] forms are available from .

Easy-to-apply formula with specially adapted nozzles for quick , accurate application .
easy-to-apply formula with specially adapted nozzles for quick , accurate [use] .

We finished off with an application of Wella High Form & Finish Spray .
we finished off with an [use] of wella high form & finish spray .

circuit is one of those designs that sounds trivially easy until the stop to consider the design requirements for its application .
circuit is one of those designs that sounds trivially easy until the stop to consider the design requirements for its [use] .

The requirements of both the filter capacitor and the ‘ flyback ’ diode are fairly critical in this kind of application .
the requirements of both the filter capacitor and the ‘ flyback ’ diode are fairly critical in this kind of [use] .

Over the years it has become usual to rate small transformers for this sort of application in terms of rectified and smoothed d.c. outputs , but you ca n't always be sure of this and caution is advisable .
over the years it has become usual to rate small transformers for this sort of [use] in terms of rectified and smoothed d.c. outputs , but you ca n't always be sure of this and caution is advisable .

It was not felt appropriate to raise this as a direct question to the authorities so an application was made to Namibia for an amateur radio licence for a Dxpedition to the Penguins . In reply the Namibian authorities stated they could not grant a licence as the islands were South African territory , thus indirectly providing the information required !
it was not felt appropriate to raise this as a direct question to the authorities so an [use] was made to namibia for an amateur radio licence for a dxpedition to the penguins . in reply the namibian authorities stated they could not grant a licence as the islands were south african territory , thus indirectly providing the information required !

Over the last few issues we 've been focusing on minor scales and their application .
over the last few issues we 've been focusing on minor scales and their [use] .

Despite this application of man power , it was not possible to achieve the same rate of progress as had been made in the Lowlands .
despite this [use] of man power , it was not possible to achieve the same rate of progress as had been made in the lowlands .

Medicine was riddled with superstition and ignorance and Hahnemann had little time for blood-letting , either by venesection or the application of leeches ; the violent purges with emetics and enemas , aimed at ridding the body of the disease-producing influences ; and the host of concoctions of various substances , many of which , such as arsenic or mercury , were highly toxic .
medicine was riddled with superstition and ignorance and hahnemann had little time for blood-letting , either by venesection or the [use] of leeches ; the violent purges with emetics and enemas , aimed at ridding the body of the disease-producing influences ; and the host of concoctions of various substances , many of which , such as arsenic or mercury , were highly toxic .

As a result of their conclusions , some of the bidders may wish to amend their application or , indeed , withdraw it altogether .
as a result of their conclusions , some of the bidders may wish to amend their [use] or , indeed , withdraw it altogether .

It all depends on what the exam results are like nationally , how popular the course is , and whether the admissions tutor was particularly impressed by your application .
it all depends on what the exam results are like nationally , how popular the course is , and whether the admissions tutor was particularly impressed by your [use] .

The application was made in January 1990 .
the [use] was made in january 1990 .

Alex , 63 , whose application against the sacking failed yesterday lost £20,000 redundancy .
alex , 63 , whose [use] against the sacking failed yesterday lost £20,000 redundancy .

Your application will be considered more favourably if you take some money with you .
your [use] will be considered more favourably if you take some money with you .

In the context of nurses and health visitors returning to work it might be more useful to look at the ways in which regrading affects your application and appointment , and to provide you with general advice on what to expect from employers in due course .
in the context of nurses and health visitors returning to work it might be more useful to look at the ways in which regrading affects your [use] and appointment , and to provide you with general advice on what to expect from employers in due course .

If the job or employer is unusual , then it may be helpful to go into more detail in advance of your interview , simply to allow whoever is vetting your application to pick you out from the crowd .
if the job or employer is unusual , then it may be helpful to go into more detail in advance of your interview , simply to allow whoever is vetting your [use] to pick you out from the crowd .

But where does this leave nursing ? Is nursing purely a matter of imitating and repeating rote tasks , and therefore unworthy of anything more than the sympathetic application of a set of predetermined rules ?
but where does this leave nursing ? is nursing purely a matter of imitating and repeating rote tasks , and therefore unworthy of anything more than the sympathetic [use] of a set of predetermined rules ?

Whenever a nurse gives an injection or changes a dressing she demonstrates the application of practical knowledge .
whenever a nurse gives an injection or changes a dressing she demonstrates the [use] of practical knowledge .

These begin with the application of orthographic information .
these begin with the [use] of orthographic information .

Three approaches are generally considered for the application of contextual information in the field of text recognition .
three approaches are generally considered for the [use] of contextual information in the field of text recognition .

Examples of the application of some hybrid methods are discussed in the following section .
examples of the [use] of some hybrid methods are discussed in the following section .

The preceding sections have reviewed past and current approaches to the application of lexical context to handwriting and text recognition .
the preceding sections have reviewed past and current approaches to the [use] of lexical context to handwriting and text recognition .

The following chapters expand on the practical application of reducing the ambiguity produced from a pattern recogniser .
the following chapters expand on the practical [use] of reducing the ambiguity produced from a pattern recogniser .

They are faster to search than binary trees ( Fredkin , 1960 ; Knuth , 1973 ) , and for this particular application it is apparent that a 26-way tree would be the most efficient structure in order to take full advantage of the alphabet .
they are faster to search than binary trees ( fredkin , 1960 ; knuth , 1973 ) , and for this particular [use] it is apparent that a 26-way tree would be the most efficient structure in order to take full advantage of the alphabet .

However such hybrid techniques mean the searching algorithm is not quite so straightforward , which is a major disadvantage for this type of application .
however such hybrid techniques mean the searching algorithm is not quite so straightforward , which is a major disadvantage for this type of [use] .

This would be searchable in either direction , which could be useful in some parallel application for string searching , or just allowing for reverse searching because the end of the string is more restrictive .
this would be searchable in either direction , which could be useful in some parallel [use] for string searching , or just allowing for reverse searching because the end of the string is more restrictive .

Application of traditional methods to the recognition system
[use] of traditional methods to the recognition system

The exact implementation of different areas of the system will also depend on the particular application and will therefore need to be tailored .
the exact implementation of different areas of the system will also depend on the particular [use] and will therefore need to be tailored .

The particular application must be tailored ( in terms of lexicon ) and trained for individual users .
the particular [use] must be tailored ( in terms of lexicon ) and trained for individual users .

It may be appropriate to have a basic core vocabulary in use all the time , with additional lexicons available depending on the particular domain of application .
it may be appropriate to have a basic core vocabulary in use all the time , with additional lexicons available depending on the particular domain of [use] .

The Sheffield United marksman posted an early application to succeed Gary Lineker by producing his lethal best for England boss Graham Taylor .
the sheffield united marksman posted an early [use] to succeed gary lineker by producing his lethal best for england boss graham taylor .

It followed an application by the finance house , Lloyds Bowmaker .
it followed an [use] by the finance house , lloyds bowmaker .

But his application was turned down in 1985 , 1986 and 1991 .
but his [use] was turned down in 1985 , 1986 and 1991 .

And Highland Regional Council , which is considering the application , is still seeking further information .
and highland regional council , which is considering the [use] , is still seeking further information .

Sell-off plans for Strangeways in Manchester slipped out when application forms for bids went out .
sell-off plans for strangeways in manchester slipped out when [use] forms for bids went out .

Luck , talent and application : perm any two for success .
luck , talent and [use] : perm any two for success .

Together they wrote a short grant application , which Hayling pushed through the committees .
together they wrote a short grant [use] , which hayling pushed through the committees .

Sutton had taken great care over his written application for the editorship ; even his later detractors say it was brilliant .
sutton had taken great care over his written [use] for the editorship ; even his later detractors say it was brilliant .

Each received a bizarre open-ended application form , a baffling collection of leaflets , including the Charter and material about Equal Opportunities , and a list of a large number of jobs open to anyone who fancied trying one of them .
each received a bizarre open-ended [use] form , a baffling collection of leaflets , including the charter and material about equal opportunities , and a list of a large number of jobs open to anyone who fancied trying one of them .

But those on the list who actually applied , as opposed to expressing vague interest , had no way of knowing whether their completed application forms had been weeded out or simply thrown on to the paper mountain along with everyone else .
but those on the list who actually applied , as opposed to expressing vague interest , had no way of knowing whether their completed [use] forms had been weeded out or simply thrown on to the paper mountain along with everyone else .

Contained in the application forms was the core of a first-class and committed newspaper staff .
contained in the [use] forms was the core of a first-class and committed newspaper staff .

Whilst Jackson struggled not to offend black outreach workers , the system for processing the application forms buckled under the weight of numbers and its inbuilt defects .
whilst jackson struggled not to offend black outreach workers , the system for processing the [use] forms buckled under the weight of numbers and its inbuilt defects .

Cuttings and examples of previous newspaper or magazine work were separated from the application forms , depriving the editors of the main thing they needed to judge them by .
cuttings and examples of previous newspaper or magazine work were separated from the [use] forms , depriving the editors of the main thing they needed to judge them by .

An application for the allowance should be made on the mortgage allowance claim form .
an [use] for the allowance should be made on the mortgage allowance claim form .

However , local authorities have a local appeals procedure under which officers may appeal if they are dissatisfied with the authority 's decision as to whether it is necessary to move home or if they are dissatisfied with any of the authority 's decisions in relation to the application of the relocation provisions .
however , local authorities have a local appeals procedure under which officers may appeal if they are dissatisfied with the authority 's decision as to whether it is necessary to move home or if they are dissatisfied with any of the authority 's decisions in relation to the [use] of the relocation provisions .

This statement should be issued with an application form to all applicants of both sexes in order that the same information is available to all potential candidates for jobs where mobility is required , or may be required on completion of training .
this statement should be issued with an [use] form to all applicants of both sexes in order that the same information is available to all potential candidates for jobs where mobility is required , or may be required on completion of training .

Thus the development of the laws of war has consisted of an effort to maintain and affirm certain basic principles , while developing and refining their specific application to the changes in methods of warfare and the continual and horrific increase in humanity 's capacity to destroy itself .
thus the development of the laws of war has consisted of an effort to maintain and affirm certain basic principles , while developing and refining their specific [use] to the changes in methods of warfare and the continual and horrific increase in humanity 's capacity to destroy itself .

Although Cold War ideology and initial public ignorance in the West of the horrific power of nuclear weapons at first muted the public pressures behind a renewed expression of the unacceptability of indiscriminate means of warfare , the growth of the popular movement for peace over the past twenty-five years and especially in its recent phase must now lead to a reaffirmation of the principle and its application to nuclear weapons .
although cold war ideology and initial public ignorance in the west of the horrific power of nuclear weapons at first muted the public pressures behind a renewed expression of the unacceptability of indiscriminate means of warfare , the growth of the popular movement for peace over the past twenty-five years and especially in its recent phase must now lead to a reaffirmation of the principle and its [use] to nuclear weapons .

In the current political and strategic context , it seems right to conclude , with Falk , that in the application of international law to nuclear weapons it is of overriding importance to minimise reliance on nuclear weapons and emphasise the sharp distinction between conventional and nuclear weapons ( Falk , 1983 , p. 538 ) .
in the current political and strategic context , it seems right to conclude , with falk , that in the [use] of international law to nuclear weapons it is of overriding importance to minimise reliance on nuclear weapons and emphasise the sharp distinction between conventional and nuclear weapons ( falk , 1983 , p. 538 ) .

Although these are hardly the dominant features of international law at present , on this paradigm international law could control force by having courts to make decisions about conflicts of interest between states on the basis of authoritative rules and impartial and effective procedures for the accurate and fair application of these rules to specific circumstances .
although these are hardly the dominant features of international law at present , on this paradigm international law could control force by having courts to make decisions about conflicts of interest between states on the basis of authoritative rules and impartial and effective procedures for the accurate and fair [use] of these rules to specific circumstances .

At this point it is likely that we may make a second mistake and go for a purely positivist view of law , the view that the nature of law can be appreciated purely by reciting the elements of positing and applying law without reference to its objectives or functions , so that we have a legal system as long as there are institutionalised ways of selecting mandatory rules and some arrangement for an authoritative application of those rules to particular situations .
at this point it is likely that we may make a second mistake and go for a purely positivist view of law , the view that the nature of law can be appreciated purely by reciting the elements of positing and applying law without reference to its objectives or functions , so that we have a legal system as long as there are institutionalised ways of selecting mandatory rules and some arrangement for an authoritative [use] of those rules to particular situations .

In the case of ethical positivism what is more in focus is the morality which arises from the impartiality of law , the moral authority which comes from a method which places the application of general rules in the hands of impartial judges .
in the case of ethical positivism what is more in focus is the morality which arises from the impartiality of law , the moral authority which comes from a method which places the [use] of general rules in the hands of impartial judges .

Further , can we expect states to agree to accept such a system , particularly with compulsory reference to international courts and mandatory application of their decisions , even if there are not sanctions attached to non-adherence ?
further , can we expect states to agree to accept such a system , particularly with compulsory reference to international courts and mandatory [use] of their decisions , even if there are not sanctions attached to non-adherence ?

In this latter regard , a distinction must be drawn between , on the one hand , Bills of general application — Public Bills , and Bills applying only to a particular area or person — Private Bills .
in this latter regard , a distinction must be drawn between , on the one hand , bills of general [use] — public bills , and bills applying only to a particular area or person — private bills .

By the time the United Kingdom 's application for membership was accepted , it was already the settled doctrine of European law , as enunciated by the European Court , that in the event of conflict between Community law and the domestic law of a member state , the former was to prevail ( see , e.g .
by the time the united kingdom 's [use] for membership was accepted , it was already the settled doctrine of european law , as enunciated by the european court , that in the event of conflict between community law and the domestic law of a member state , the former was to prevail ( see , e.g .

An accurate account would have to have regard to all those instances where a remedy has been accorded by a state party simply to forestall a successful application and to those cases , also , where breach had been avoided in the first place by reason of adjustment of procedures so as to ensure compliance with the Convention .
an accurate account would have to have regard to all those instances where a remedy has been accorded by a state party simply to forestall a successful [use] and to those cases , also , where breach had been avoided in the first place by reason of adjustment of procedures so as to ensure compliance with the convention .

It is possible for them ( or for you on their behalf ) to make application direct to the social services department .
it is possible for them ( or for you on their behalf ) to make [use] direct to the social services department .

Before considering making an application to the local council for a rent or rate rebate , an elderly person who is hard pressed financially should consider first whether her income is so low that she might do better to make an application for a supplementary pension , which brings with it other benefits ( previously described ) .
before considering making an [use] to the local council for a rent or rate rebate , an elderly person who is hard pressed financially should consider first whether her income is so low that she might do better to make an [use] for a supplementary pension , which brings with it other benefits ( previously described ) .

If she is sure that she would not qualify for a supplementary pension and wishes to apply for a rent rebate or allowance , an application form , and the information leaflet There 's Money off your Rent , can be obtained from the local authority Housing Department .
if she is sure that she would not qualify for a supplementary pension and wishes to apply for a rent rebate or allowance , an [use] form , and the information leaflet there 's money off your rent , can be obtained from the local authority housing department .

For a rate rebate , an application form may be obtained from the local authority Treasurer 's Department , together with the information leaflet How to Pay Less Rates .
for a rate rebate , an [use] form may be obtained from the local authority treasurer 's department , together with the information leaflet how to pay less rates .

An application has been made to the Charity Commissioners for the Bradford Atea Project to be given registered charity status and the association has set itself a target of raising £20,000 during the next 12 months .
an [use] has been made to the charity commissioners for the bradford atea project to be given registered charity status and the association has set itself a target of raising £20,000 during the next 12 months .

Such operations , although unquestionably dégorgement à la volée , would have been privately practised prior to any commercial application .
such operations , although unquestionably dégorgement à la volée , would have been privately practised prior to any commercial [use] .

At this time of the year the vigneron bolsters the fertility of the topsoil by the application of manure , utilising the trench created by the banking-up operation .
at this time of the year the vigneron bolsters the fertility of the topsoil by the [use] of manure , utilising the trench created by the banking-up operation .

Write to the Certificate Application Department of the Office of Population Censuses and Surveys giving all the details you can about your parents , with a postal order for £12 .
write to the certificate [use] department of the office of population censuses and surveys giving all the details you can about your parents , with a postal order for £12 .

The layers of paint are built up by the application of a thin wash , staining the primed canvas .
the layers of paint are built up by the [use] of a thin wash , staining the primed canvas .

This sketch is concerned only with the framework of the solid objects , no attempt is made to suggest blocks of light and shade as this would inhibit the application of paint to these pre-defined areas , denying the paint its freedom to run , bleed and react with the previously described qualities of the paper .
this sketch is concerned only with the framework of the solid objects , no attempt is made to suggest blocks of light and shade as this would inhibit the [use] of paint to these pre-defined areas , denying the paint its freedom to run , bleed and react with the previously described qualities of the paper .

Meryl was still puzzled by the lack of feedback from her consultant with respect to her failed job application .
meryl was still puzzled by the lack of feedback from her consultant with respect to her failed job [use] .

The course opened in 1989 with six students and after these small beginnings an annual application of ten , building to a course total of forty , is expected .
the course opened in 1989 with six students and after these small beginnings an annual [use] of ten , building to a course total of forty , is expected .

An application to the bishop for permission may be met with either incomprehension or with the calm statement that there is already a church in the neighbouring parish .
an [use] to the bishop for permission may be met with either incomprehension or with the calm statement that there is already a church in the neighbouring parish .

The application of the verses to Jesus himself reminds us of the pattern of life of the Master .
the [use] of the verses to jesus himself reminds us of the pattern of life of the master .

When the new church is planted , this careful explanation and application of the Bible will , above all things , bring life to the congregation .
when the new church is planted , this careful explanation and [use] of the bible will , above all things , bring life to the congregation .

Enforcement requires the application of traffic laws designed to guide users safely round the road system .
enforcement requires the [use] of traffic laws designed to guide users safely round the road system .

In the event , few attempts at car restraint were made because it was assumed that the money would be found for reconstruction , but in the crisis-ridden post-1960s British economy , available funds never approached the levels needed for a widespread application of environmental area principles .
in the event , few attempts at car restraint were made because it was assumed that the money would be found for reconstruction , but in the crisis-ridden post-1960s british economy , available funds never approached the levels needed for a widespread [use] of environmental area principles .

The first application , at Laindon East in Basildon new town , is illustrated in Figure 3.2 .
the first [use] , at laindon east in basildon new town , is illustrated in figure 3.2 .

In newly constructed areas application of the Woonerf principle had become well proven and routine by the early 1980 's .
in newly constructed areas [use] of the woonerf principle had become well proven and routine by the early 1980 's .

Furthermore , though the application of such measures to major roads was rejected at this stage , the studies concluded that ‘ in the long term , traffic restraint concepts together with appropriate land use and general transport planning concepts can effect reductions in vehicular traffic in the city as a whole ’ .
furthermore , though the [use] of such measures to major roads was rejected at this stage , the studies concluded that ‘ in the long term , traffic restraint concepts together with appropriate land use and general transport planning concepts can effect reductions in vehicular traffic in the city as a whole ’ .

The application of these ideas to established urban areas has been obstructed both by public expenditure restrictions and by community opposition to new road construction .
the [use] of these ideas to established urban areas has been obstructed both by public expenditure restrictions and by community opposition to new road construction .

Because the application of these new designs in new residential areas has been quiet and uncontroversial , the panoply of safety measures that could be applied as on the Continent has not been publicly discussed .
because the [use] of these new designs in new residential areas has been quiet and uncontroversial , the panoply of safety measures that could be applied as on the continent has not been publicly discussed .

The application of traffic calming in Britain has thus been almost imperceptible , implemented here and there on new housing estates , and usually in a very diluted and faint-hearted manner .
the [use] of traffic calming in britain has thus been almost imperceptible , implemented here and there on new housing estates , and usually in a very diluted and faint-hearted manner .

This combination of a strictly limited set of measures , and their application only to new housing , goes a very long way to explaining why public ignorance of these matters is so widespread in Britain .
this combination of a strictly limited set of measures , and their [use] only to new housing , goes a very long way to explaining why public ignorance of these matters is so widespread in britain .

The limited application of traffic calming in Britain has been , as we have seen , principally in new housing areas , yet the greatest gains from traffic calming are likely to appear in existing residential areas where adverse traffic conditions lead to a lack of safety .
the limited [use] of traffic calming in britain has been , as we have seen , principally in new housing areas , yet the greatest gains from traffic calming are likely to appear in existing residential areas where adverse traffic conditions lead to a lack of safety .

In sum then , this research has shown that the existing short sight-lines demand that cars travel slower than they do ; the solution is either to lengthen the sight-lines or to slow the cars . The first approach , which will effectively abandon the shared space principle , is not recommended by the researchers , for it is the application of the shared space approach that they question , not the approach itself :
in sum then , this research has shown that the existing short sight-lines demand that cars travel slower than they do ; the solution is either to lengthen the sight-lines or to slow the cars . the first approach , which will effectively abandon the shared space principle , is not recommended by the researchers , for it is the [use] of the shared space approach that they question , not the approach itself :

The district permission does not give approval to the layout plans submitted with the application or for any residential use in the building .
the district permission does not give approval to the layout plans submitted with the [use] or for any residential use in the building .

The application was agreed by East Hampshire District Council planners last week .
the [use] was agreed by east hampshire district council planners last week .

whatever the method of application , and there are many ways , in choosing to use texture you show your involvement with the physical progression of the painting .
whatever the method of [use] , and there are many ways , in choosing to use texture you show your involvement with the physical progression of the painting .

The strategy consisted not of ministerial diktat but the progressive application of pressure on LEAs to ensure that the school curriculum in their areas was in line with a real or imagined consensus about what pupils should learn at school .
the strategy consisted not of ministerial diktat but the progressive [use] of pressure on leas to ensure that the school curriculum in their areas was in line with a real or imagined consensus about what pupils should learn at school .

Identify niche application areas
identify niche [use] areas

When all is said and done , we are left with the question , what use is research to practitioners ? Is not social work the application of skills picked up in the ‘ University of Life ’ and do we not all know what deprived infants and troublesome adolescents need ? Would that life were that simple !
when all is said and done , we are left with the question , what use is research to practitioners ? is not social work the [use] of skills picked up in the ‘ university of life ’ and do we not all know what deprived infants and troublesome adolescents need ? would that life were that simple !

For instance , the Galaxy Application Environment licensed from Visix Software Inc last October provides it with the means to communicate with major graphical user interfaces such as Windows , Motif and Open Look .
for instance , the galaxy [use] environment licensed from visix software inc last october provides it with the means to communicate with major graphical user interfaces such as windows , motif and open look .

The unit will provide application programming interfaces to Oracle , Sybase and Informix databases , gateway products , and Ingres/Windows4GL linking to non-Ingres systems .
the unit will provide [use] programming interfaces to oracle , sybase and informix databases , gateway products , and ingres/windows4gl linking to non-ingres systems .

Windows application vendors Lotus Development Corp , WordPerfect Corp , Software Publishing Corp , Aldus , Datastrom Technologies Inc and Borland International gave their blessings .
windows [use] vendors lotus development corp , wordperfect corp , software publishing corp , aldus , datastrom technologies inc and borland international gave their blessings .

The upcoming Unix Expo in September has scheduled a session called ‘ The Killer Application for Unix : The InterNet .
the upcoming unix expo in september has scheduled a session called ‘ the killer [use] for unix : the internet .

Through its power and internal efficiency the City distorted the application of resources by channelling capital overseas at the expense of the domestic economy .
through its power and internal efficiency the city distorted the [use] of resources by channelling capital overseas at the expense of the domestic economy .

The central importance attached to the inefficiency of labour markets is either so generally abstract as to have little or no practical application or so partial as to ignore the necessary interdependence between labour supply and a whole range of institutions .
the central importance attached to the inefficiency of labour markets is either so generally abstract as to have little or no practical [use] or so partial as to ignore the necessary interdependence between labour supply and a whole range of institutions .

But the staffing budget is cash limited , and some practices may have to accept less than 70 % reimbursement if their application is successful .
but the staffing budget is cash limited , and some practices may have to accept less than 70 % reimbursement if their [use] is successful .

This guidance may appear to be rather imprecise but one particular application of it has resulted in the following list of parameters in two different groups .
this guidance may appear to be rather imprecise but one particular [use] of it has resulted in the following list of parameters in two different groups .

Instead of producing a specific group application like Lotus Notes , which has become virtually synonymous with the sector , Microsoft is concentrating on ‘ groupware-enabling ’ its existing applications .
instead of producing a specific group [use] like lotus notes , which has become virtually synonymous with the sector , microsoft is concentrating on ‘ groupware-enabling ’ its existing applications .

From a technical point of view this is mainly nip and tuck stuff , but Microsoft is betting that the innovative use of existing technology will be a winner and is finally cashing in on all the application programming interfaces , dynamic data exchange , object linking and embedding facilities that it has been burying in its applications and operating systems for the last couple of years .
from a technical point of view this is mainly nip and tuck stuff , but microsoft is betting that the innovative use of existing technology will be a winner and is finally cashing in on all the [use] programming interfaces , dynamic data exchange , object linking and embedding facilities that it has been burying in its applications and operating systems for the last couple of years .

Bolstering the otherwise flagging figures was the Application Hardware segment that achieved 8.6 % pre-tax growth and 1.9 % .
bolstering the otherwise flagging figures was the [use] hardware segment that achieved 8.6 % pre-tax growth and 1.9 % .

After Application Hardware , Distribution had the best pre-tax margins of 5.0 % followed by Peripherals at 3.6 % and Components at 2.3 % .
after [use] hardware , distribution had the best pre-tax margins of 5.0 % followed by peripherals at 3.6 % and components at 2.3 % .

Distribution had the highest price to earnings valuation of 20.1 followed by Components at 19.2 , Application Hardware at 18.8 and Peripherals at 7.3 .
distribution had the highest price to earnings valuation of 20.1 followed by components at 19.2 , [use] hardware at 18.8 and peripherals at 7.3 .

While it has made no formal application to offer video-on-demand to customers — the official line is that it is merely looking at the technology 's potential — it is already clear that it faces a tough task convincing regulatory bodies that it has the right to do so .
while it has made no formal [use] to offer video-on-demand to customers — the official line is that it is merely looking at the technology 's potential — it is already clear that it faces a tough task convincing regulatory bodies that it has the right to do so .

, a collection of multimedia technologies including productivity tools and application programming interfaces supporting distributed real-time workgroup collaboration , video conferencing , audio and image integration into electronic documents .
, a collection of multimedia technologies including productivity tools and [use] programming interfaces supporting distributed real-time workgroup collaboration , video conferencing , audio and image integration into electronic documents .

Ingres in Eastern Europe , Russia Hewlett-Packard Co has taken a licence from Ask Computer Systems Inc to distribute the Ingres relational database and application development tools throughout Eastern Europe and the Commonwealth of Independent States .
ingres in eastern europe , russia hewlett-packard co has taken a licence from ask computer systems inc to distribute the ingres relational database and [use] development tools throughout eastern europe and the commonwealth of independent states .

These graphs and can then be displayed side by side in multi-windows enabling designers to compare various elements of their application such as power input and distance and then edit them , on screen , in a debugging Window .
these graphs and can then be displayed side by side in multi-windows enabling designers to compare various elements of their [use] such as power input and distance and then edit them , on screen , in a debugging window .

The bands used for this type of application differ considerably from country to country , although spectrum around 7.5GHz is common .
the bands used for this type of [use] differ considerably from country to country , although spectrum around 7.5ghz is common .

15 Layer 7 — The Application Layer
15 layer 7 — the [use] layer

• Specific Application Service Elements
• specific [use] service elements

• Common Application Service Elements
• common [use] service elements

The Mainframe Environment — Hardware , Operating Systems , Databases and Application Development
the mainframe environment — hardware , operating systems , databases and [use] development

September 24–28 Options : Valuation , Hedging and Portfolio Application
september 24–28 options : valuation , hedging and portfolio [use]

See Network Application Support in action
see network [use] support in action

It 's a simple video — but then , Network Application Support is an elegantly simple concept .
it 's a simple video — but then , network [use] support is an elegantly simple concept .

Application deadline is July 2nd .
[use] deadline is july 2nd .

On application forms and letterheads .
on [use] forms and letterheads .

For further particulars and application forms , please contact the Centre as soon as possible by letter or telephone .
for further particulars and [use] forms , please contact the centre as soon as possible by letter or telephone .

We operate a full range of specialised equipment that has been modified for aircraft application .
we operate a full range of specialised equipment that has been modified for aircraft [use] .

Fast application by airless spray , of relatively low film thicknesses , with minimum disruption to other trades , saves contract time .
fast [use] by airless spray , of relatively low film thicknesses , with minimum disruption to other trades , saves contract time .

There 's one name that 's cut out for any thermal , acoustic or fire protection application .
there 's one name that 's cut out for any thermal , acoustic or fire protection [use] .

Easy Application
easy [use]

Unlike conventional re-roofing , an application of Ruberlok will strengthen the roof structure by reducing the thermal stress and any wind damage .
unlike conventional re-roofing , an [use] of ruberlok will strengthen the roof structure by reducing the thermal stress and any wind damage .

Call us or send the application form today .
call us or send the [use] form today .

• Adding Hypertext-based Help to Your Application Using the Microsoft Help System
• adding hypertext-based help to your [use] using the microsoft help system

And it needs not only to provide access to files or data , but actually to connect applications running anywhere on the network — and through the application , to connect the minds that are putting the applications to work .
and it needs not only to provide access to files or data , but actually to connect applications running anywhere on the network — and through the [use] , to connect the minds that are putting the applications to work .

The advantages : far greater connectivity and portability of application between systems , and information and resources that can be shared by everyone who needs them and has authorisation to access them .
the advantages : far greater connectivity and portability of [use] between systems , and information and resources that can be shared by everyone who needs them and has authorisation to access them .

To take us up on this unusual opportunity , simply call us , toll free , at the number shown , or mail the reservation application below .
to take us up on this unusual opportunity , simply call us , toll free , at the number shown , or mail the reservation [use] below .

Essex Water is giving a presentation explaining its reasons for the application and answering questions on March 25 .
essex water is giving a presentation explaining its reasons for the [use] and answering questions on march 25 .

The planning committee decided on Monday evening to defer its decision about the application until after that meeting .
the planning committee decided on monday evening to defer its decision about the [use] until after that meeting .

Now it has submitted a planning application to double the size of its current premises — a two-bedroom bungalow on the Severalls Hospital site in Colchester .
now it has submitted a planning [use] to double the size of its current premises — a two-bedroom bungalow on the severalls hospital site in colchester .

This will be done by giving for each subject a brief clinical case description , based on the application of a standard diagnostic schedule , to be described at the end of the chapter .
this will be done by giving for each subject a brief clinical case description , based on the [use] of a standard diagnostic schedule , to be described at the end of the chapter .

In March 1757 an application was made on his behalf to St Luke 's Hospital for the insane , a private asylum opened in 1751 by a group of London philanthropists .
in march 1757 an [use] was made on his behalf to st luke 's hospital for the insane , a private asylum opened in 1751 by a group of london philanthropists .

The application of seamanship to Smart 's release from potter 's madhouse in Bethnal Green strikes the reader with more force , however , than its addition here and there to the language of the psalms .
the [use] of seamanship to smart 's release from potter 's madhouse in bethnal green strikes the reader with more force , however , than its addition here and there to the language of the psalms .

The layers of paint are built up by the application of a thin wash , staining the primed canvas .
the layers of paint are built up by the [use] of a thin wash , staining the primed canvas .

This sketch is concerned only with the framework of the solid objects , no attempt is made to suggest blocks of light and shade as this would inhibit the application of paint to these pre-defined areas , denying the paint its freedom to run , bleed and react with the previously described qualities of the paper .
this sketch is concerned only with the framework of the solid objects , no attempt is made to suggest blocks of light and shade as this would inhibit the [use] of paint to these pre-defined areas , denying the paint its freedom to run , bleed and react with the previously described qualities of the paper .

An important application of global geomagnetic field models is in directional drilling for oil production .
an important [use] of global geomagnetic field models is in directional drilling for oil production .

Investment in equipment and personnel during the year has placed the new inductively coupled plasma mass-spectrometry laboratory in a strong position to resume its former position as one of the leading exponents of the application of this powerful analytical technique to geological materials .
investment in equipment and personnel during the year has placed the new inductively coupled plasma mass-spectrometry laboratory in a strong position to resume its former position as one of the leading exponents of the [use] of this powerful analytical technique to geological materials .

An additional benefit of such a scheme would be the reduction in application of fertilisers and pesticides .
an additional benefit of such a scheme would be the reduction in [use] of fertilisers and pesticides .

The application of geochemical mapping to environmental studies in developing countries is being investigated .
the [use] of geochemical mapping to environmental studies in developing countries is being investigated .

This development on the green belt of Ipswich is partly because of the Conservative Government withering away the planning powers of borough councils , who in the past would have dismissed such a planning application as this , on the grounds that housing and industry should not mix and that it is desirable to have a green buffer zone between the two .
this development on the green belt of ipswich is partly because of the conservative government withering away the planning powers of borough councils , who in the past would have dismissed such a planning [use] as this , on the grounds that housing and industry should not mix and that it is desirable to have a green buffer zone between the two .

Had the Borough Council objected to the application for 60 housing units , then Pubmaster might have appealed against their decision to a Government inspector who might have overruled the Council .
had the borough council objected to the [use] for 60 housing units , then pubmaster might have appealed against their decision to a government inspector who might have overruled the council .

But the local councillors in Rotherham lacked the political sophistication of their neighbouring big-city colleagues and they turned down our application to hire the room .
but the local councillors in rotherham lacked the political sophistication of their neighbouring big-city colleagues and they turned down our [use] to hire the room .

In the planning application the developer indicated that petrol sales would be restricted to the hours of 7 am to 11 pm .
in the planning [use] the developer indicated that petrol sales would be restricted to the hours of 7 am to 11 pm .

Father James Morrow , a Roman Catholic priest and pro-life campaigner , emerged from the hearing of his application by magistrates in Bingley , west Yorkshire and said : ‘ It is up to me now to pursue the matter in the next court . ’
father james morrow , a roman catholic priest and pro-life campaigner , emerged from the hearing of his [use] by magistrates in bingley , west yorkshire and said : ‘ it is up to me now to pursue the matter in the next court . ’

Father Morrow , 58 , from Braemar , Aberdeenshire , had made the application alleging that Dr James Howe murdered the 22-year-old Hillsborough disaster victim at the nearby Airedale General Hospital .
father morrow , 58 , from braemar , aberdeenshire , had made the [use] alleging that dr james howe murdered the 22-year-old hillsborough disaster victim at the nearby airedale general hospital .

Father Morrow said he would be shortly lodging the same application at Keighley County Court in the Liverpool fan 's home town .
father morrow said he would be shortly lodging the same [use] at keighley county court in the liverpool fan 's home town .

After the hearing in Yorkshire yesterday he said would be lodging the same application for a murder charge summons at the county court in the Tony Bland 's home town .
after the hearing in yorkshire yesterday he said would be lodging the same [use] for a murder charge summons at the county court in the tony bland 's home town .

Yet over and over again , one finds that the application to problems in old age has to be made , that prevailing attitudes have discouraged appropriate and sensitive appraisal of the intergenerational or marital dynamics , and of the emotional reactions of carers , which can lead to abuse .
yet over and over again , one finds that the [use] to problems in old age has to be made , that prevailing attitudes have discouraged appropriate and sensitive appraisal of the intergenerational or marital dynamics , and of the emotional reactions of carers , which can lead to abuse .

Colchester Borough Council 's planning committee decided to delegate the decision on the application for the church at The Centre on the town 's Greenstead estate to the director of planning and development , John Hutton , provided the applicants submitted new drawings showing more brickwork features and better windows , otherwise it would make the decision at a later meeting .
colchester borough council 's planning committee decided to delegate the decision on the [use] for the church at the centre on the town 's greenstead estate to the director of planning and development , john hutton , provided the applicants submitted new drawings showing more brickwork features and better windows , otherwise it would make the decision at a later meeting .

Colchester Borough Council was asked by the county council , which makes planning decisions on landfill sites , to comment on an application for changes at Bellhouse Pit , Colchester .
colchester borough council was asked by the county council , which makes planning decisions on landfill sites , to comment on an [use] for changes at bellhouse pit , colchester .

The committee agreed to inform the county council it had no objections to the proposal as long as the weighbridge was only used by landfill traffic and the pit only operated in the hours specified in the application .
the committee agreed to inform the county council it had no objections to the proposal as long as the weighbridge was only used by landfill traffic and the pit only operated in the hours specified in the [use] .

The suggestion that the opposition to the scheme is confined to a few people is rather misleading , as packed village meetings in Stanningfield and Lavenham , which voted to oppose the application , bear witness .
the suggestion that the opposition to the scheme is confined to a few people is rather misleading , as packed village meetings in stanningfield and lavenham , which voted to oppose the [use] , bear witness .

The tragedy of the situation is that if the application succeeds , it will destroy the wildlife ‘ safe haven ’ he has created , as the existing lakes will be used as settling basins for the millions of gallons of water and sediment to be pumped from the proposed gravel pit .
the tragedy of the situation is that if the [use] succeeds , it will destroy the wildlife ‘ safe haven ’ he has created , as the existing lakes will be used as settling basins for the millions of gallons of water and sediment to be pumped from the proposed gravel pit .

The residents of Cockfield are contesting the application on technical grounds of the impact on health and safety , and the effects on the environment .
the residents of cockfield are contesting the [use] on technical grounds of the impact on health and safety , and the effects on the environment .

There have been few serious attempts to break away from this restrictive framework ; it is the absence of the application of any theoretical framework that has made such work so sterile , and it is doubtful whether evidence will be found for the social and economic developments during the period by studying art-styles , date and distribution alone , unless specific questions are formulated first .
there have been few serious attempts to break away from this restrictive framework ; it is the absence of the [use] of any theoretical framework that has made such work so sterile , and it is doubtful whether evidence will be found for the social and economic developments during the period by studying art-styles , date and distribution alone , unless specific questions are formulated first .

In December 1991 a habeas corpus application for Yidana was dismissed and the Government issued a Preventative Custody Order retroactively authorising his detention .
in december 1991 a habeas corpus [use] for yidana was dismissed and the government issued a preventative custody order retroactively authorising his detention .

Just fill in the Reservation Application form and return it to us .
just fill in the reservation [use] form and return it to us .

The preparations within the programme are easy to apply which helps to ensure that delicate skin tissues are not damaged in any way during application .
the preparations within the programme are easy to apply which helps to ensure that delicate skin tissues are not damaged in any way during [use] .

The Ampoules are designed for non-surgical , external application and contain very active ingredients , which when used correctly , and especially when used in conjunction with the other preparations in the programme can produce spectacular results .
the ampoules are designed for non-surgical , external [use] and contain very active ingredients , which when used correctly , and especially when used in conjunction with the other preparations in the programme can produce spectacular results .

Unfortunately , early efforts are likely to lead to the model charging backwards towards the pilot followed by a large application of forward stick causing an uncontrollable build up of forward speed .
unfortunately , early efforts are likely to lead to the model charging backwards towards the pilot followed by a large [use] of forward stick causing an uncontrollable build up of forward speed .

In forward flight , the application of up elevator ( back cyclic ) will make the model climb , like an aircraft .
in forward flight , the [use] of up elevator ( back cyclic ) will make the model climb , like an aircraft .

However , if performed very late — and low , there may be insufficient forward speed to stabilise the tail and the result of a sudden power application will be to make the model swing round .
however , if performed very late — and low , there may be insufficient forward speed to stabilise the tail and the result of a sudden power [use] will be to make the model swing round .

To show that pivoting in a compact tableau is just an application of the methods of Chapter 2 , we wrote out the pivot row explicitly .
to show that pivoting in a compact tableau is just an [use] of the methods of chapter 2 , we wrote out the pivot row explicitly .

However , the really important area of application is to problems which would be linear but for a few ( separable ) nonlinear terms and here it can be very effective .
however , the really important area of [use] is to problems which would be linear but for a few ( separable ) nonlinear terms and here it can be very effective .

You can obtain further information and an application form from the address given below .
you can obtain further information and an [use] form from the address given below .

If your college is not yet involved in the programme you can write to us for an application form at the address given below and we will endeavour to link you into a college undertaking the programme .
if your college is not yet involved in the programme you can write to us for an [use] form at the address given below and we will endeavour to link you into a college undertaking the programme .

Thirty-six reported problems in application , including difficulty in raising the shoulder or squeezing the bottle adequately .
thirty-six reported problems in [use] , including difficulty in raising the shoulder or squeezing the bottle adequately .

Assessment was carried out two days after the application of the dressing to ensure no adverse reaction had occurred , and then continued weekly .
assessment was carried out two days after the [use] of the dressing to ensure no adverse reaction had occurred , and then continued weekly .

Anaesthetising the wound can be done in one of three ways : infiltration , regional block or topical application .
anaesthetising the wound can be done in one of three ways : infiltration , regional block or topical [use] .

You ca n't fill in the application form .
you ca n't fill in the [use] form .

The result is a drama that remains more worthy than absorbing , despite the excellent performances of Michael Byrne as Roberto and Bill Paterson as Gerardo ( is his Irish accent meant to indicate an application to application to events closer to home , or descent from Bernardo O'Higgins ? )
the result is a drama that remains more worthy than absorbing , despite the excellent performances of michael byrne as roberto and bill paterson as gerardo ( is his irish accent meant to indicate an [use] to [use] to events closer to home , or descent from bernardo o'higgins ? )

Let 's suppose you have an important letter to write — perhaps an application for a job .
let 's suppose you have an important letter to write — perhaps an [use] for a job .

The exact figures depended on whether the robot was used for material handling or for operating a tool , the former application displacing more workers than the latter .
the exact figures depended on whether the robot was used for material handling or for operating a tool , the former [use] displacing more workers than the latter .

Only when touch sensitivity and vision are added to them will they become capable of much wider application , but then , of course , their cost will be higher .
only when touch sensitivity and vision are added to them will they become capable of much wider [use] , but then , of course , their cost will be higher .

It requires the application of effort and , to some degree at least , the exercise of skill and knowledge .
it requires the [use] of effort and , to some degree at least , the exercise of skill and knowledge .

The evidence is that the discovery of basic principles of machine design , their application to large- or small-scale industrial production , and the creation of efficient managerial techniques were all independent of the creation of the factory system by nineteenth-century capitalists .
the evidence is that the discovery of basic principles of machine design , their [use] to large- or small-scale industrial production , and the creation of efficient managerial techniques were all independent of the creation of the factory system by nineteenth-century capitalists .

Their application to such industries as spinning and weaving in seventeenth and eighteenth centuries often resulted in inventions suited to the circumstances of petty producers : The new machines required little capital and a family-sized labor force , and hence were well suited to the perpetuation of cottage industry .
their [use] to such industries as spinning and weaving in seventeenth and eighteenth centuries often resulted in inventions suited to the circumstances of petty producers : the new machines required little capital and a family-sized labor force , and hence were well suited to the perpetuation of cottage industry .

There are implications from this analysis for the application of information technology within organisations which will be explored in Chapter 6 .
there are implications from this analysis for the [use] of information technology within organisations which will be explored in chapter 6 .

The important point to emphasise here is that , because of management 's concerns with cost and quality , the application of robotics technology did not lead , as much publicity would suggest , to an improvement in work-life quality .
the important point to emphasise here is that , because of management 's concerns with cost and quality , the [use] of robotics technology did not lead , as much publicity would suggest , to an improvement in work-life quality .

The application with the particularly detrimental effect on operators ' jobs was the biscuit dough mixing automation .
the [use] with the particularly detrimental effect on operators ' jobs was the biscuit dough mixing automation .

The other new technology application was to the weighing of packed biscuits .
the other new technology [use] was to the weighing of packed biscuits .

For further information and application forms write to :
for further information and [use] forms write to :

To acquire that level of skill requires talent , total dedication , application , huge amounts of training and an unfailing belief in yourself .
to acquire that level of skill requires talent , total dedication , [use] , huge amounts of training and an unfailing belief in yourself .

Many other sizes are made for an enormous range of industrial uses , but flexibility limits their application for kite spars , and in many cases the wooden dowel is superior .
many other sizes are made for an enormous range of industrial uses , but flexibility limits their [use] for kite spars , and in many cases the wooden dowel is superior .

Tent or ground-sheet screw-through fixings with a plug-on cap can be adapted for holding a spar , and similar screw-fixed grommets have their application on large ram-air kites for bridle attachments .
tent or ground-sheet screw-through fixings with a plug-on cap can be adapted for holding a spar , and similar screw-fixed grommets have their [use] on large ram-air kites for bridle attachments .

These practically inextensible lines have best application on multiple line aerobatic kites .
these practically inextensible lines have best [use] on multiple line aerobatic kites .

There are dozens of ways you can fire the shutter , which is pressure sensitive to the finger in normal application ; but it is not always easy to arrange a mechanical device to operate at distance .
there are dozens of ways you can fire the shutter , which is pressure sensitive to the finger in normal [use] ; but it is not always easy to arrange a mechanical device to operate at distance .

It was a diamond shape , flown as the Flexi-kite for some years before the patent application was made , and it heralded the concept of a lifting surface with two cones which could be controlled as a parachute or kite .
it was a diamond shape , flown as the flexi-kite for some years before the patent [use] was made , and it heralded the concept of a lifting surface with two cones which could be controlled as a parachute or kite .

By technology is meant the systematic application of scientific knowledge to practical tasks .
by technology is meant the systematic [use] of scientific knowledge to practical tasks .

Application forms
[use] forms

Advertisement of application
advertisement of [use]

The Council explained that the operating centre had no relevant planning permission nor had any application for change of use been made to the Council .
the council explained that the operating centre had no relevant planning permission nor had any [use] for change of use been made to the council .

Here is an example of how you would put these skills into practice in a job application or interview .
here is an example of how you would put these skills into practice in a job [use] or interview .

If they want someone to work on their own initiative , don ‘ t be afraid to tell them in your application that you can do that .
if they want someone to work on their own initiative , don ‘ t be afraid to tell them in your [use] that you can do that .

Your application will be even better supported if you can give examples of when you 've had to work on your own , as when decorating your new house or when preparing the accounts of a small business whilst at home with your children .
your [use] will be even better supported if you can give examples of when you 've had to work on your own , as when decorating your new house or when preparing the accounts of a small business whilst at home with your children .

Mogul — which began operations in Silvermines three years after the introduction of the Planning Act — never submitted a planning application to Tipperary County Council for the tailings lake .
mogul — which began operations in silvermines three years after the introduction of the planning act — never submitted a planning [use] to tipperary county council for the tailings lake .

In response to the pressure from residents , the Department of the Environment agreed to hold a public inquiry if a mining application was made .
in response to the pressure from residents , the department of the environment agreed to hold a public inquiry if a mining [use] was made .

Objections to the application for planning permission had also come from the Western Regional Fisheries Board and Westport Tourism as well as several individuals .
objections to the [use] for planning permission had also come from the western regional fisheries board and westport tourism as well as several individuals .

On 15 July 1986 , Ovens residents objected to a planning application by William O'Brien Ltd for an asbestos dump in a quarry at Knockanemore , about a mile from the Raybestos Manhattan factory site .
on 15 july 1986 , ovens residents objected to a planning [use] by william o'brien ltd for an asbestos dump in a quarry at knockanemore , about a mile from the raybestos manhattan factory site .

Having considered all the developments relating to the planning application for an asbestos waste dump at Barnahely , Ringaskiddy , Co .
having considered all the developments relating to the planning [use] for an asbestos waste dump at barnahely , ringaskiddy , co .

We trust common sense will prevail and that the Authorities will heed the massive number of bona fide objectors to the application .
we trust common sense will prevail and that the authorities will heed the massive number of bona fide objectors to the [use] .

The Association 's solicitor , Charles Hennessy , pointed out that they contemplated taking proceedings ‘ under the Local Government Planning and Development Act , 1976 , which states that the High Court may , on application from any person , by order , prohibit the continuance of an unauthorized use of land when a breach of the planning conditions occur ’ .
the association 's solicitor , charles hennessy , pointed out that they contemplated taking proceedings ‘ under the local government planning and development act , 1976 , which states that the high court may , on [use] from any person , by order , prohibit the continuance of an unauthorized use of land when a breach of the planning conditions occur ’ .

Through The Ages gives full make-up , colour and application info together with useful tips for each age group .
through the ages gives full make-up , colour and [use] info together with useful tips for each age group .

An application of Styling Spray holds the look in place all day .
an [use] of styling spray holds the look in place all day .

Michael used Corregin Active Blow and Hold , finished with an application of Hairshine .
michael used corregin active blow and hold , finished with an [use] of hairshine .

They 're easy to use and are available for permed/chemically treated hair and dry/damaged hair in handy packs of three 15ml single application tubes for around £1.89 .
they 're easy to use and are available for permed/chemically treated hair and dry/damaged hair in handy packs of three 15ml single [use] tubes for around £1.89 .

The higher states of consciousness can not be attained by will-power and application , any more than any other talent .
the higher states of consciousness can not be attained by will-power and [use] , any more than any other talent .

The application of this to his own career must ( once The Lord of the Rings was published ) have seemed all too obvious .
the [use] of this to his own career must ( once the lord of the rings was published ) have seemed all too obvious .

This type of shift was slit down the back for ease of application and secured with back-tie draw-strings at the neck and waist ; such items were , it is assumed , readily available from the undertaker .
this type of shift was slit down the back for ease of [use] and secured with back-tie draw-strings at the neck and waist ; such items were , it is assumed , readily available from the undertaker .

The same applies to the upholstering of the outer flat-lidded shaped-shouldered velvet-covered cases of the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries , though some coffin-makers and funeral furnishers did have their own patterns when it came to the application of the round-headed upholstery pins — as noticed in the east Gostling vault beneath St John 's Church , Egham , Surrey , used from 1817–41 , where each of the five coffins had a similar cross motif between the three side panels — whilst others introduced variety through the use of two complementary colours of velvet .
the same applies to the upholstering of the outer flat-lidded shaped-shouldered velvet-covered cases of the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries , though some coffin-makers and funeral furnishers did have their own patterns when it came to the [use] of the round-headed upholstery pins — as noticed in the east gostling vault beneath st john 's church , egham , surrey , used from 1817–41 , where each of the five coffins had a similar cross motif between the three side panels — whilst others introduced variety through the use of two complementary colours of velvet .

Your lips have no natural moisturising ability so need frequent application of protective balm or stick .
your lips have no natural moisturising ability so need frequent [use] of protective balm or stick .

You can not guarantee what the resulting shade will be , though — you build up depth with subsequent layers — and you can get tell-tale streaking if you are not very careful with application .
you can not guarantee what the resulting shade will be , though — you build up depth with subsequent layers — and you can get tell-tale streaking if you are not very careful with [use] .

Stronger pinks can be softened with brush-stroke application .
stronger pinks can be softened with brush-stroke [use] .

Careful application of a slightly darker foundation can slim a big nose .
careful [use] of a slightly darker foundation can slim a big nose .

Brush away surplus after application , using a big , soft powder brush .
brush away surplus after [use] , using a big , soft powder brush .

At the beginning of the year , the drivers make application for their super-licence , a recently introduced , sensible measure designed to make it more difficult for the totally unqualified to buy themselves drives .
at the beginning of the year , the drivers make [use] for their super-licence , a recently introduced , sensible measure designed to make it more difficult for the totally unqualified to buy themselves drives .

As the restaurant 's evening opening hours are 19.00 to 21.30 hours , no application has been made for a supper hour certificate or other extension .
as the restaurant 's evening opening hours are 19.00 to 21.30 hours , no [use] has been made for a supper hour certificate or other extension .

Application for permission to develop a timeshare facility would be considered on the same basis as any other resort development .
[use] for permission to develop a timeshare facility would be considered on the same basis as any other resort development .

Create a file containing the application form , bank references , status reports and any other applicable notes or documents .
create a file containing the [use] form , bank references , status reports and any other applicable notes or documents .

Lt. Mikhail Vologsky stared again at the buff-coloured application form , so meticulously filled out , and so callously rejected .
lt. mikhail vologsky stared again at the buff-coloured [use] form , so meticulously filled out , and so callously rejected .

The buff application form differed in only one important way from the half-dozen Vologsky had sent in the past .
the buff [use] form differed in only one important way from the half-dozen vologsky had sent in the past .

By the law of averages , one such application must finally succeed .
by the law of averages , one such [use] must finally succeed .

The curt red stamp on the returned application was a clear statement that any further correspondence would be regarded by the authorities with extreme displeasure .
the curt red stamp on the returned [use] was a clear statement that any further correspondence would be regarded by the authorities with extreme displeasure .

Unix distributor , Irvine , California-based UniDirect Inc , has reportedly cut a deal that will have Dell Computer Corp passing on all calls for application software certified on its machines to UniDirect as leads or orders .
unix distributor , irvine , california-based unidirect inc , has reportedly cut a deal that will have dell computer corp passing on all calls for [use] software certified on its machines to unidirect as leads or orders .

The company explains this by saying that a co-operative-server database hides the complexity of a computer network by enabling applications to access data located on multiple computers as if all the data were stored on a single computer , thus simplifying application building and — it is hoped — improving decisions by making access to information easier .
the company explains this by saying that a co-operative-server database hides the complexity of a computer network by enabling applications to access data located on multiple computers as if all the data were stored on a single computer , thus simplifying [use] building and — it is hoped — improving decisions by making access to information easier .

Du Pont Pixel Systems Ltd , Egham , Surrey , says it is now shipping its Sparc implementation of the Silicon Graphics Inc PX/Iris Explorer graphical application builder .
du pont pixel systems ltd , egham , surrey , says it is now shipping its sparc implementation of the silicon graphics inc px/iris explorer graphical [use] builder .

Tried and tested application programming interfaces , data structures , formats and protocols , will usually work in the same way even if they are encapsulated within other architectures .
tried and tested [use] programming interfaces , data structures , formats and protocols , will usually work in the same way even if they are encapsulated within other architectures .

Adoption of Motif application programming interface specifications by X/Open Co Ltd offers a politically acceptable means for Sun to offer Motif products on its price list for the first time .
adoption of motif [use] programming interface specifications by x/open co ltd offers a politically acceptable means for sun to offer motif products on its price list for the first time .

It allows users to access product , application and support notes ; contact customer service , development and marketing groups as well as providing on-line user registration .
it allows users to access product , [use] and support notes ; contact customer service , development and marketing groups as well as providing on-line user registration .

The company says it can be integrated with an application in an few hours .
the company says it can be integrated with an [use] in an few hours .

Wendler has also assessed which application areas , or what Gartner refers to as middleware — everything between the hardware and what the user actually sees — are most appropriate for the near-term deployment of opens systems .
wendler has also assessed which [use] areas , or what gartner refers to as middleware — everything between the hardware and what the user actually sees — are most appropriate for the near-term deployment of opens systems .

The Meta Group is putting together its Second Annual Application Development Strategies Conference , set for September 14–16 at The Buttes in Phoenix , Arizona .
the meta group is putting together its second annual [use] development strategies conference , set for september 14–16 at the buttes in phoenix , arizona .

Real meaning : Hey , this is a heavy-duty business application we 're talking about here .
real meaning : hey , this is a heavy-duty business [use] we 're talking about here .

Some menu programs can suffer from memory clashes when they use memory that an application needs to run .
some menu programs can suffer from memory clashes when they use memory that an [use] needs to run .

However , 3DMenu gets round this problem by exiting the 3DMenu program , running the batch file that loads in the application program and then loading 3DMenu back in again .
however , 3dmenu gets round this problem by exiting the 3dmenu program , running the batch file that loads in the [use] program and then loading 3dmenu back in again .

Second , each application in the package should have enough features .
second , each [use] in the package should have enough features .

There 's no need to go through the usual rigmarole of minimizing your word processor application , opening a spreadsheet , typing in the data and then copying and pasting it back into the word processor .
there 's no need to go through the usual rigmarole of minimizing your word processor [use] , opening a spreadsheet , typing in the data and then copying and pasting it back into the word processor .

The most complete application was the spreadsheet .
the most complete [use] was the spreadsheet .

Complete Works also scores well in terms of the range of features each application has to offer .
complete works also scores well in terms of the range of features each [use] has to offer .

Enter the fax modem — it has no scanning stage ; instead it generates the fax image electronically from data that an application thinks it is printing .
enter the fax modem — it has no scanning stage ; instead it generates the fax image electronically from data that an [use] thinks it is printing .

This is a DOS-based application but while the comms side is very capable , the fax side is a bit of a let-down .
this is a dos-based [use] but while the comms side is very capable , the fax side is a bit of a let-down .

The Interface Builder gives you all the tools you need to create a professional Windows interface for your Quattro Pro for Windows application .
the interface builder gives you all the tools you need to create a professional windows interface for your quattro pro for windows [use] .

Lotus has re-thought the spreadsheet and is showing us how this type of application will look in the future .
lotus has re-thought the spreadsheet and is showing us how this type of [use] will look in the future .

The text handling is relatively slow and any major keying-in is best done is a suitable application and them imported .
the text handling is relatively slow and any major keying-in is best done is a suitable [use] and them imported .

IntelliDraw is hardly a low-end application , but it 's difficult to place because it 's the result of some brave lateral thinking about how people use images in practical circumstances .
intellidraw is hardly a low-end [use] , but it 's difficult to place because it 's the result of some brave lateral thinking about how people use images in practical circumstances .

Its weaknesses are slow text handling and screen redrawing in the drawing application , lack of scanner support in the painting application , and a weak slideshow feature .
its weaknesses are slow text handling and screen redrawing in the drawing [use] , lack of scanner support in the painting [use] , and a weak slideshow feature .

An error has occurred in your application If you choose Ignore , you should save your work in a new file .
an error has occurred in your [use] if you choose ignore , you should save your work in a new file .

If you choose Close , your application will close .
if you choose close , your [use] will close .

Once you decide to get rid of a Windows application , it 's vital to make copies of any important data you 've created with it to make copies of any important data you 've created with it before embarking on a ‘ slash and burn ’ policy .
once you decide to get rid of a windows [use] , it 's vital to make copies of any important data you 've created with it to make copies of any important data you 've created with it before embarking on a ‘ slash and burn ’ policy .

locate the directory where the application is stored
locate the directory where the [use] is stored

write a rude letter the developer of the application and demand that they provide an easier way of doing all this .
write a rude letter the developer of the [use] and demand that they provide an easier way of doing all this .

Although any clear-cut classification is too much to expect , application of common sense to the broad outlines of the numerical data enables us to pick our way through this statistical minefield with tolerable assurance .
although any clear-cut classification is too much to expect , [use] of common sense to the broad outlines of the numerical data enables us to pick our way through this statistical minefield with tolerable assurance .

Their respective Application Binary Interfaces are different .
their respective [use] binary interfaces are different .

London-based Andersen Consulting Ltd has now released Foundation for Cooperative Processing 2.0 , its client/server application development tool .
london-based andersen consulting ltd has now released foundation for cooperative processing 2.0 , its client/server [use] development tool .

Objectivity Inc has integrated its Objectivity/DB database with Persistence Software Inc 's Persistence application development environment , claiming at allows developers to write object-oriented applications that work will with existing relational and object databases .
objectivity inc has integrated its objectivity/db database with persistence software inc 's persistence [use] development environment , claiming at allows developers to write object-oriented applications that work will with existing relational and object databases .

Albuquerque , New Mexico-based Basis Inc will demonstrate BDxProgression/4 , its revamped third generation application development environment for client/server environments .
albuquerque , new mexico-based basis inc will demonstrate bdxprogression/4 , its revamped third generation [use] development environment for client/server environments .

Liant says it wants to focus on its strategic base of programming languages and application enabling tools .
liant says it wants to focus on its strategic base of programming languages and [use] enabling tools .

It seems the boys from Sun Microsystems Inc , Santa Cruz Operation Inc and Unix System Laboratories Inc have had their heads together with Intel Corp for some months and must be getting close to agreeing an Application Binary Interface for Unix with the semiconductor house .
it seems the boys from sun microsystems inc , santa cruz operation inc and unix system laboratories inc have had their heads together with intel corp for some months and must be getting close to agreeing an [use] binary interface for unix with the semiconductor house .

The initiative 's primary goal was to provide greater Fortran functionality in massively parallel computing , especially in the fields of data parallel programming ; the provision of non-uniform memory access costs on parallel computers ; and common code tuning application programming interfaces for different architectures .
the initiative 's primary goal was to provide greater fortran functionality in massively parallel computing , especially in the fields of data parallel programming ; the provision of non-uniform memory access costs on parallel computers ; and common code tuning [use] programming interfaces for different architectures .

Lack of dynamic testing can mean that for some independent software vendors less than 20 % of their application code is relevant , which can lead to any number of unforeseen problems when the application is run under different environments .
lack of dynamic testing can mean that for some independent software vendors less than 20 % of their [use] code is relevant , which can lead to any number of unforeseen problems when the [use] is run under different environments .

Heath 's example is a hypothetical software firm 's development team , which claims to have developed the latest all singing , all dancing application , which of course is portable .
heath 's example is a hypothetical software firm 's development team , which claims to have developed the latest all singing , all dancing [use] , which of course is portable .

The company gets burnt by the cost of extra development time and resources needed to correct or re-write the application for each architecture .
the company gets burnt by the cost of extra development time and resources needed to correct or re-write the [use] for each architecture .

’ Moreover , as revenue derived from upgrades and add-on sales becomes increasingly important to the software industry 's business model , binary compatibility across different platforms and between old and new versions of application software becomes ever more critical .
’ moreover , as revenue derived from upgrades and add-on sales becomes increasingly important to the software industry 's business model , binary compatibility across different platforms and between old and new versions of [use] software becomes ever more critical .

, a collection of multimedia technologies including productivity tools and application programming interfaces ( APIs ) supporting distributed real-time workgroup collaboration , video conferencing , audio and image integration into electronic documents .
, a collection of multimedia technologies including productivity tools and [use] programming interfaces ( apis ) supporting distributed real-time workgroup collaboration , video conferencing , audio and image integration into electronic documents .

SunSoft Inc has been secretly working on writing a Microsoft Corp Windows application programming interface in a clean room so Solaris will be able to run a copy of Excel , let 's say , that 's bought from a high street software shop .
sunsoft inc has been secretly working on writing a microsoft corp windows [use] programming interface in a clean room so solaris will be able to run a copy of excel , let 's say , that 's bought from a high street software shop .

Visix Software Inc has a new cross-platform application development environment , Galaxy , up its sleeve .
visix software inc has a new cross-platform [use] development environment , galaxy , up its sleeve .

CrossWind Technologies is expected to take a step backwards at Unix Expo next month and announce a character version of Synchronize , its X-based time/task management tool , the first Motif-based commercial application on the market .
crosswind technologies is expected to take a step backwards at unix expo next month and announce a character version of synchronize , its x-based time/task management tool , the first motif-based commercial [use] on the market .

It can be seen that this was a way of ‘ blaming the victim ’ : it seems as though the young person had failed to find a job because they had not filled in the application form properly or were too untidy , rather than because there were not enough jobs .
it can be seen that this was a way of ‘ blaming the victim ’ : it seems as though the young person had failed to find a job because they had not filled in the [use] form properly or were too untidy , rather than because there were not enough jobs .

Since power rests not just in individuals or groups but in anonymous social mechanisms and assumptions , they argued that the power of capital is revealed not in individual acts of decision-making but in the everyday application of ‘ those assumptions which give priority to private capital accumulation and market exchange in the use and distribution of resources ’ ( Westergaard and Resler , 1975 , p. 144 ) .
since power rests not just in individuals or groups but in anonymous social mechanisms and assumptions , they argued that the power of capital is revealed not in individual acts of decision-making but in the everyday [use] of ‘ those assumptions which give priority to private capital accumulation and market exchange in the use and distribution of resources ’ ( westergaard and resler , 1975 , p. 144 ) .

At the same meeting the Board approved medical relief on the application from relieving officers in the outlying parishes .
at the same meeting the board approved medical relief on the [use] from relieving officers in the outlying parishes .

In November 1872 , the Board received an application from Cambridge Medical School for the bodies of paupers who had died in the workhouse , and were without funds or relations , to be sent there for the study of anatomy .
in november 1872 , the board received an [use] from cambridge medical school for the bodies of paupers who had died in the workhouse , and were without funds or relations , to be sent there for the study of anatomy .

The laundry women and the scrubbers had asked for dinner to be provided but the committee felt that ‘ the wages of these employees were quite adequate ’ and the application was rejected .
the laundry women and the scrubbers had asked for dinner to be provided but the committee felt that ‘ the wages of these employees were quite adequate ’ and the [use] was rejected .

The Board gave its blessing to the scheme and in May 1926 , the Minister of Health confirmed that application had been made to the General Nursing Council for approval of St. Peter 's as a training school .
the board gave its blessing to the scheme and in may 1926 , the minister of health confirmed that [use] had been made to the general nursing council for approval of st. peter 's as a training school .

The Committee felt that it was their duty to state that in their opinion , before the whole building was completely furnished and every necessary article provided , the total deficiency would not amount to less than £1,000 ‘ Many opulent individuals of the County have hitherto withheld their contributions ; but application by letter has been made to them all ; and no doubt can be entertained by your Committee of their ultimate assistance and support .
the committee felt that it was their duty to state that in their opinion , before the whole building was completely furnished and every necessary article provided , the total deficiency would not amount to less than £1,000 ‘ many opulent individuals of the county have hitherto withheld their contributions ; but [use] by letter has been made to them all ; and no doubt can be entertained by your committee of their ultimate assistance and support .

Field was arrested and an application for bail was refused .
field was arrested and an [use] for bail was refused .

The creation of an effective school depends not on the application of some well-honed formulae nor on the opportunities provided by legislation .
the creation of an effective school depends not on the [use] of some well-honed formulae nor on the opportunities provided by legislation .

There seems little transference of application from one subject to another .
there seems little transference of [use] from one subject to another .

It should be remembered that parents do not have a statutory right to withdraw their children but governors have a duty to make a decision on any application for withdrawal which is made to them .
it should be remembered that parents do not have a statutory right to withdraw their children but governors have a duty to make a decision on any [use] for withdrawal which is made to them .

Success in them demands continuous education , employment , and , as Puffer wrote , ‘ long , sustained , intensive application ’ .
success in them demands continuous education , employment , and , as puffer wrote , ‘ long , sustained , intensive [use] ’ .

Sometimes it shows up in the application of particularly conventional designs to these subjects .
sometimes it shows up in the [use] of particularly conventional designs to these subjects .

Wallston 's ( 1981 ) proposal is an application of Bakan 's humanist suggestions for sociological method , to psychology .
wallston 's ( 1981 ) proposal is an [use] of bakan 's humanist suggestions for sociological method , to psychology .

As Canguilhem says , ‘ the efficacy of the psychologist … lacks a firm foundation as long as it can not be proved to derive from the application of a science ( 1980 : 37 ) .
as canguilhem says , ‘ the efficacy of the psychologist … lacks a firm foundation as long as it can not be proved to derive from the [use] of a science ( 1980 : 37 ) .

Similarly , if we want the food supply to tail off in September , the last application must be spread during June .
similarly , if we want the food supply to tail off in september , the last [use] must be spread during june .

The inference is clear to keep the application rate very low — no more than ½ ounce ( 14g ) in 2 gallons ( 9 litres ) of water per 2 square yards ( 2 square metres ) , and applications at least 3 weeks apart .
the inference is clear to keep the [use] rate very low — no more than ½ ounce ( 14g ) in 2 gallons ( 9 litres ) of water per 2 square yards ( 2 square metres ) , and applications at least 3 weeks apart .

Systemic application and Bordeaux mixture in the dormant period should keep it at bay .
systemic [use] and bordeaux mixture in the dormant period should keep it at bay .

The application form for a driving test had lain , unfilled in , in the muddle on his bedroom table since his seventeenth birthday .
the [use] form for a driving test had lain , unfilled in , in the muddle on his bedroom table since his seventeenth birthday .

The lower and upper limits for the application of marginal relief are £250,000 and £1,250,000 respectively .
the lower and upper limits for the [use] of marginal relief are £250,000 and £1,250,000 respectively .

Yet its sustained and ruthless application is anything but innocuous .
yet its sustained and ruthless [use] is anything but innocuous .

However , once again the results of its application as observed by practising solicitors raise grave doubts about its effectiveness for anybody other than the practitioners themselves ( Thomas and Mungham 1977 ) .
however , once again the results of its [use] as observed by practising solicitors raise grave doubts about its effectiveness for anybody other than the practitioners themselves ( thomas and mungham 1977 ) .

Four Seasons Software Inc , developer of the SuperNova application development environment , has signed a distribution pact for the Czech and Slovak republics with systems integrator Komix sro in the Czech Republic .
four seasons software inc , developer of the supernova [use] development environment , has signed a distribution pact for the czech and slovak republics with systems integrator komix sro in the czech republic .

as if technical problems were not enough , there are also a number of conceptual problems surrounding the application of these methods .
as if technical problems were not enough , there are also a number of conceptual problems surrounding the [use] of these methods .

The best example of the application of this approach is the work on the effects of cutting the corpus callosum in humans ( Gazzaniga 1985 ) .
the best example of the [use] of this approach is the work on the effects of cutting the corpus callosum in humans ( gazzaniga 1985 ) .

Russia , on the other hand , accepted the principle while denying its application to its own subject peoples .
russia , on the other hand , accepted the principle while denying its [use] to its own subject peoples .

Its re-emergence in the late 1960s reflected ( 1 ) need for more continuous and effective Party-military consultation , ( 2 ) demands of the Armed Forces on the civilian economy and the need for greater coordination , ( 3 ) need to ensure that strategy and , ultimately , policy governs the application of increasingly complex technology : improve the ‘ fit ’ between procurement , deployment , force structures and policy .
its re-emergence in the late 1960s reflected ( 1 ) need for more continuous and effective party-military consultation , ( 2 ) demands of the armed forces on the civilian economy and the need for greater coordination , ( 3 ) need to ensure that strategy and , ultimately , policy governs the [use] of increasingly complex technology : improve the ‘ fit ’ between procurement , deployment , force structures and policy .

Apart from basic , but effective system administration facilities , Unix has lacked a proper mechanism for managing the overall application environment as a single entity .
apart from basic , but effective system administration facilities , unix has lacked a proper mechanism for managing the overall [use] environment as a single entity .

Whilst technological advances and competition are driving hardware , operating system and application software prices down , systems management costs are rising , he says .
whilst technological advances and competition are driving hardware , operating system and [use] software prices down , systems management costs are rising , he says .

As well as a basic management framework a variety of applications are required to suit different commercial environments , including change and configuration management , security management , inventory monitoring and analysis , client/server application management and operations management .
as well as a basic management framework a variety of applications are required to suit different commercial environments , including change and configuration management , security management , inventory monitoring and analysis , client/server [use] management and operations management .

If the Unix suppliers are able to agree on a consistent systems management application programming interface — and each also uses a similar implementation of the Object Management Group 's Common Object Request Broker Architecture — Corba — independent software vendors would be able to offer binary system management applications running across a variety of platforms .
if the unix suppliers are able to agree on a consistent systems management [use] programming interface — and each also uses a similar implementation of the object management group 's common object request broker architecture — corba — independent software vendors would be able to offer binary system management applications running across a variety of platforms .

In addition , Moss expects to form a bunch of third party relationships with firms doing things like client/server application management tools , data centre management packages and operations management solutions : niche markets he will leave to others .
in addition , moss expects to form a bunch of third party relationships with firms doing things like client/server [use] management tools , data centre management packages and operations management solutions : niche markets he will leave to others .

The application of this picture to the growth of knowledge seems straightforward . Thagard expresses it neatly :
the [use] of this picture to the growth of knowledge seems straightforward . thagard expresses it neatly :

This argument against a crude materialist interpretation of Marx is presented as an application of the claim that social phenomena can not be explained by appealing to a ‘ given ’ concept .
this argument against a crude materialist interpretation of marx is presented as an [use] of the claim that social phenomena can not be explained by appealing to a ‘ given ’ concept .

Hoffman ( 1981 ) gives a sophisticated critique both of stochastic modelling and the application of equilibrium theory in palaeontology .
hoffman ( 1981 ) gives a sophisticated critique both of stochastic modelling and the [use] of equilibrium theory in palaeontology .

If we reject the naive application of the sensitive period concept and accept that familiarity of a certain kind does reduce sexual attractiveness , then it may be possible to reconcile the thinking of Freud with that of Westermarck .
if we reject the naive [use] of the sensitive period concept and accept that familiarity of a certain kind does reduce sexual attractiveness , then it may be possible to reconcile the thinking of freud with that of westermarck .

True enough , Jaq had known the secret essence of the matter ever since his application to the Officio Assassinorum was fulfilled — his request for an Assassin with previous experience of a Genestealer-infested world , and one who could pose as a sophisticated mistress .
true enough , jaq had known the secret essence of the matter ever since his [use] to the officio assassinorum was fulfilled — his request for an assassin with previous experience of a genestealer-infested world , and one who could pose as a sophisticated mistress .

‘ The application of torture , ’ she said idly , ‘ would certainly distort my talent . ’
‘ the [use] of torture , ’ she said idly , ‘ would certainly distort my talent . ’

The legal application of these central ideas will provide the model against which to compare the deviations , if any , of the moral equivalents .
the legal [use] of these central ideas will provide the model against which to compare the deviations , if any , of the moral equivalents .

Certainly the spirit of the legal provisions for such unfortunates is onerous in its detail and wide in application , extending even to strict regulations covering the proper treatment of human corpses .
certainly the spirit of the legal provisions for such unfortunates is onerous in its detail and wide in [use] , extending even to strict regulations covering the proper treatment of human corpses .

They have their primary application in the human sphere but are employed , with diminishing implication , in language-games involving other creatures to the extent that similarities with human behaviour exist .
they have their primary [use] in the human sphere but are employed , with diminishing implication , in language-games involving other creatures to the extent that similarities with human behaviour exist .

Matsushita Electric Industrial Co and Sybase Inc 's Gain Technology have developed an object-oriented application development environment for designing multimedia presentation systems , called Activepage .
matsushita electric industrial co and sybase inc 's gain technology have developed an object-oriented [use] development environment for designing multimedia presentation systems , called activepage .

The tiny bit of silver lining on the cloud is a new application by National Wind Power — they want to reduce the number of proposed turbines from 15 to 12 .
the tiny bit of silver lining on the cloud is a new [use] by national wind power — they want to reduce the number of proposed turbines from 15 to 12 .

It not only adds an exciting new dimension to hair , it actually improves the structure with each subsequent application .
it not only adds an exciting new dimension to hair , it actually improves the structure with each subsequent [use] .

Paul always adds a practical and pastoral application to his theological teaching in his letters .
paul always adds a practical and pastoral [use] to his theological teaching in his letters .

The first application of his principle is relational .
the first [use] of his principle is relational .

Like the difference between phrase-book French and fluent speech , it is largely a matter of hard work , learning and regular application .
like the difference between phrase-book french and fluent speech , it is largely a matter of hard work , learning and regular [use] .

We have already established that conflict is best handled not by clever lips for healthy friendships , but by self-understanding , well-practised interpersonal skills for listening and the resolving of differences , and the careful application of God 's principles for the specific areas of life and experience in which we find ourselves .
we have already established that conflict is best handled not by clever lips for healthy friendships , but by self-understanding , well-practised interpersonal skills for listening and the resolving of differences , and the careful [use] of god 's principles for the specific areas of life and experience in which we find ourselves .

Whether we work in the public or private sectors , or are self-employed ; whether we work as operators , managers , supervisors or directors ; whatever our field , the effective application of faith to work can be a challenging , stretching and sometimes frustrating task .
whether we work in the public or private sectors , or are self-employed ; whether we work as operators , managers , supervisors or directors ; whatever our field , the effective [use] of faith to work can be a challenging , stretching and sometimes frustrating task .

Whatever our working situation , whether we view ourselves as being in a position of unique privilege or even perhaps severe disadvantage , Paul has something fundamental and life-changing to say to us in terms of principle and practical application .
whatever our working situation , whether we view ourselves as being in a position of unique privilege or even perhaps severe disadvantage , paul has something fundamental and life-changing to say to us in terms of principle and practical [use] .

All this takes time and a great deal of patience and application .
all this takes time and a great deal of patience and [use] .

Perth and Kinross District Council are considering this application , which is being strongly opposed by the local community .
perth and kinross district council are considering this [use] , which is being strongly opposed by the local community .

For example , students may opt to take a specialist module in Graphics for Screen Media , the objectives of which include critical study of the application of graphic design to electronic publications and investigation of the design initiation and design development procedures for electronic publications .
for example , students may opt to take a specialist module in graphics for screen media , the objectives of which include critical study of the [use] of graphic design to electronic publications and investigation of the design initiation and design development procedures for electronic publications .

ODA-related — document application profiles ( DAPs ) and formal specifications ;
oda-related — document [use] profiles ( daps ) and formal specifications ;

Build up the framework , skew-nailing where necessary ( see inset ) after the application of wood adhesive to meeting surfaces . Check for true angles as construction proceeds
build up the framework , skew-nailing where necessary ( see inset ) after the [use] of wood adhesive to meeting surfaces . check for true angles as construction proceeds

If the pipe has frozen , the ice ‘ plug ’ is almost certainly outside , and the solution is the same as for a supply pipe — that is , the application of heat .
if the pipe has frozen , the ice ‘ plug ’ is almost certainly outside , and the solution is the same as for a supply pipe — that is , the [use] of heat .

During the five-day application period that began on 1 December , only 5,700 young people applied for 8,600 postgraduate places available in Beijing .
during the five-day [use] period that began on 1 december , only 5,700 young people applied for 8,600 postgraduate places available in beijing .

In our application this requirement says that each hyperdocument should include its own context-table , which contains context-specifications for all the contexts used in the hyperdocument .
in our [use] this requirement says that each hyperdocument should include its own context-table , which contains context-specifications for all the contexts used in the hyperdocument .

Application of duration measurements to discrete behaviours is most appropriate where the behaviour in question happens relatively rarely , but each time lasts for several hours .
[use] of duration measurements to discrete behaviours is most appropriate where the behaviour in question happens relatively rarely , but each time lasts for several hours .

For example , the application of the regular past-tense morpheme -ed to irregular verbs ( ‘ go-ed ’ ; ‘ run-ed ’ ) or the use of the irregular plural / s/ with irregular nouns ( ‘ sheeps ’ ; ‘ mouses ’ ) suggests that children overgeneralise simple rules to non-appropriate target words .
for example , the [use] of the regular past-tense morpheme -ed to irregular verbs ( ‘ go-ed ’ ; ‘ run-ed ’ ) or the use of the irregular plural / s/ with irregular nouns ( ‘ sheeps ’ ; ‘ mouses ’ ) suggests that children overgeneralise simple rules to non-appropriate target words .

Last summer was no exception , with many fine lines going at 6a , 6b and 6c , thanks to the warm , dry weather and a lot of tenacious application .
last summer was no exception , with many fine lines going at 6a , 6b and 6c , thanks to the warm , dry weather and a lot of tenacious [use] .

Application for these can be made at the bar in the High Rocks Inn .
[use] for these can be made at the bar in the high rocks inn .

Texture and shine has been achieved with an application of styling spray before styling and wax after styling .
texture and shine has been achieved with an [use] of styling spray before styling and wax after styling .

Colour micronization — means the colour pigments and other powdery ingredients in the make-up , traditionally a large and irregular size and shape , has been made smaller and more uniform for a softer product texture and more even colour application .
colour micronization — means the colour pigments and other powdery ingredients in the make-up , traditionally a large and irregular size and shape , has been made smaller and more uniform for a softer product texture and more even colour [use] .

To transform Rob into a sexy Jason Priestly look-alike hair was dried back from the face and held in place with a light application of Cossack Hairspray ( £1.76 ) .
to transform rob into a sexy jason priestly look-alike hair was dried back from the face and held in place with a light [use] of cossack hairspray ( £1.76 ) .

Worst of all , the sociology of knowledge challenged the special field of philosophy as a purely cognitive activity in which the application of logical thought could generate knowledge true in all contexts .
worst of all , the sociology of knowledge challenged the special field of philosophy as a purely cognitive activity in which the [use] of logical thought could generate knowledge true in all contexts .

These commentators implicit that the differences are irreconcilable within philosophy ; they are beyond analysis or logic precisely because they are prior to the application of philosophical methods .
these commentators implicit that the differences are irreconcilable within philosophy ; they are beyond analysis or logic precisely because they are prior to the [use] of philosophical methods .

He also wrote of the superstition , the human passions and the religious representations that interfered with the observation and application of reason which should lead to knowledge .
he also wrote of the superstition , the human passions and the religious representations that interfered with the observation and [use] of reason which should lead to knowledge .

This means that the application of empirical verification has a different effect in these different types of relations .
this means that the [use] of empirical verification has a different effect in these different types of relations .

Both Lichtheim and Barth relate Destutt 's ‘ ideologies ’ to Bacon 's pursuit of ‘ idols ’ and to the aim of dispelling ‘ prejudices ’ with the application of reason that is stated in the work of Holbach and Helvetius .
both lichtheim and barth relate destutt 's ‘ ideologies ’ to bacon 's pursuit of ‘ idols ’ and to the aim of dispelling ‘ prejudices ’ with the [use] of reason that is stated in the work of holbach and helvetius .

For both these commentators Marx 's concept of ideology fails to be useful because of an overarching problem in his claim to have transcended the problem of ideology by the application of a materialist and scientific method .
for both these commentators marx 's concept of ideology fails to be useful because of an overarching problem in his claim to have transcended the problem of ideology by the [use] of a materialist and scientific method .

It is difficult for another application to use the hyperbase .
it is difficult for another [use] to use the hyperbase .

These problems are emphasized with large data volumes , multiple authorship , complex inter-node and intra-node relationships , need for multiple views of same hyper-medium , and a desire to integrate the hyper-base with other types of application within the organization .
these problems are emphasized with large data volumes , multiple authorship , complex inter-node and intra-node relationships , need for multiple views of same hyper-medium , and a desire to integrate the hyper-base with other types of [use] within the organization .

However , a data model does provide a rigorous framework within which an application can be developed .
however , a data model does provide a rigorous framework within which an [use] can be developed .

However , in our application , there is no pilot .
however , in our [use] , there is no pilot .

However , in our application , the aircraft , which has no undercarriage of its own , travels on a trolley which is itself tethered to the rotating pylon head .
however , in our [use] , the aircraft , which has no undercarriage of its own , travels on a trolley which is itself tethered to the rotating pylon head .

As far as we know , the first practical application was for the American piston-powered Shelduck target .
as far as we know , the first practical [use] was for the american piston-powered shelduck target .

The idea of catching aircraft in a ‘ glorified tennis net ’ mentioned by Mr Smith also has its application in the field of unmanned aircraft , where a number of types are routinely recovered this way .
the idea of catching aircraft in a ‘ glorified tennis net ’ mentioned by mr smith also has its [use] in the field of unmanned aircraft , where a number of types are routinely recovered this way .

The girl 's mother opposed the application but it is understood her husband did not .
the girl 's mother opposed the [use] but it is understood her husband did not .

To a hushed court Dr Howe described what he would do if the court granted the application .
to a hushed court dr howe described what he would do if the court granted the [use] .

The purpose of the application is to allow him to die through natural causes which , it was thought , would take two weeks at most .
the purpose of the [use] is to allow him to die through natural causes which , it was thought , would take two weeks at most .

He slammed the cabin door , only to hear the hurried application of train brakes .
he slammed the cabin door , only to hear the hurried [use] of train brakes .

Smartly closing the regulator , he made a partial application of the steam brake , paused , released it , paused once again , then when he heard the wagon buffers face up , he made a full brake application .
smartly closing the regulator , he made a partial [use] of the steam brake , paused , released it , paused once again , then when he heard the wagon buffers face up , he made a full brake [use] .

If he had made a full brake application , his guard , Gerry Briggs , would have been thrown from one end of the brakevan to the other with a possible resultant injury .
if he had made a full brake [use] , his guard , gerry briggs , would have been thrown from one end of the brakevan to the other with a possible resultant injury .

An application of brakes slowed down the clickety-click of the rail joints .
an [use] of brakes slowed down the clickety-click of the rail joints .

While the media perceived test-tube fusion to be a solution to the world 's energy problems , it was the possibility of these cells being an intense source of neutrons , and probably of tritium too , that meant that they could have significant military application .
while the media perceived test-tube fusion to be a solution to the world 's energy problems , it was the possibility of these cells being an intense source of neutrons , and probably of tritium too , that meant that they could have significant military [use] .

He produced helium and also energy , or so he must have thought , for in 1927 he put in a patent application for a ‘ method to produce helium and useful energy ’ .
he produced helium and also energy , or so he must have thought , for in 1927 he put in a patent [use] for a ‘ method to produce helium and useful energy ’ .

By November 1927 the patent application had been rejected on the grounds that the description was so sketchy that ‘ an expert is unlikely to be able to practise the invention ’ .
by november 1927 the patent [use] had been rejected on the grounds that the description was so sketchy that ‘ an expert is unlikely to be able to practise the invention ’ .

Fleischmann and Pons estimated that the chemical potential of the deuterium could be raised by 0.8 eV through application of electrical potentials to the palladium cathode .
fleischmann and pons estimated that the chemical potential of the deuterium could be raised by 0.8 ev through [use] of electrical potentials to the palladium cathode .

Getting in first with the patent application was what the university authorities regarded as the top priority .
getting in first with the patent [use] was what the university authorities regarded as the top priority .

‘ Under the Companies Act , we are entitled to take such action if more than 10 per cent of the shareholders back the application .
‘ under the companies act , we are entitled to take such action if more than 10 per cent of the shareholders back the [use] .

The application of shock tactics to bend the will of the unwilling .
the [use] of shock tactics to bend the will of the unwilling .

But last week he admitted having advised that any application for a licence should emphasise the ‘ peaceful use ’ of the products .
but last week he admitted having advised that any [use] for a licence should emphasise the ‘ peaceful use ’ of the products .

The application of counselling skills to older people
the [use] of counselling skills to older people

The skills described have widespread application — they could be used to improve communication at home , to raise money for a charitable cause or to negotiate with another company over a takeover bid , for example .
the skills described have widespread [use] — they could be used to improve communication at home , to raise money for a charitable cause or to negotiate with another company over a takeover bid , for example .

In his book Coping with Blushing Dr Robert Edelmann suggests replacing negative thoughts by positive ones , which takes time and considerable application .
in his book coping with blushing dr robert edelmann suggests replacing negative thoughts by positive ones , which takes time and considerable [use] .

Statutory exemptions are provided in section 88 of the Road Traffic Act 1988 and , inter alia , allow a person to drive without a licence or cause or permit another to do so if the driver has held or is entitled to obtain a licence for that class of vehicle and an application for such a licence has been received including in it the date he was driving .
statutory exemptions are provided in section 88 of the road traffic act 1988 and , inter alia , allow a person to drive without a licence or cause or permit another to do so if the driver has held or is entitled to obtain a licence for that class of vehicle and an [use] for such a licence has been received including in it the date he was driving .

is in the service of a visiting force or headquarters ( as defined in Article 8(6) of the Visiting Forces and International Headquarters ( Application of Law ) Order 1965 ) ;
is in the service of a visiting force or headquarters ( as defined in article 8(6) of the visiting forces and international headquarters ( [use] of law ) order 1965 ) ;

’ Meanwhile pacifists were generally content with the abstract moralizing suggested by the Manchester Guardian 's opposition to the formation of a Liberal Foreign Affairs Committee on the grounds that the ‘ success or failure [ of foreign policy ] depends on the application of a few simple principles to facts which as a rule are not very numerous nor very complicated .
’ meanwhile pacifists were generally content with the abstract moralizing suggested by the manchester guardian 's opposition to the formation of a liberal foreign affairs committee on the grounds that the ‘ success or failure [ of foreign policy ] depends on the [use] of a few simple principles to facts which as a rule are not very numerous nor very complicated .

Casein was nearly foolproof in application , of excellent strength both wet and dry , but rotted catastrophically when it got the chance .
casein was nearly foolproof in [use] , of excellent strength both wet and dry , but rotted catastrophically when it got the chance .

Among the dozens of glues now available the arguments for and against are mostly on the grounds of ease of application , durability and cost .
among the dozens of glues now available the arguments for and against are mostly on the grounds of ease of [use] , durability and cost .

If two people are struck by the same brainwave , it will belong to the one who lodges a patent application first .
if two people are struck by the same brainwave , it will belong to the one who lodges a patent [use] first .

Lodging an application gives you the option of pursuing full patent protection in 60 countries , and proves the idea was yours first .
lodging an [use] gives you the option of pursuing full patent protection in 60 countries , and proves the idea was yours first .

This means it has to be new , capable of industrial application , involve an innovation , and not be excluded as a special case — such as military inventions .
this means it has to be new , capable of industrial [use] , involve an innovation , and not be excluded as a special case — such as military inventions .

You will need to take the application to its last stage within a year , which will cost around £120 .
you will need to take the [use] to its last stage within a year , which will cost around £120 .

With an eye for a nice little earner , Del Trotter dictated his letter of application to chief sports writer Roy Collins .
with an eye for a nice little earner , del trotter dictated his letter of [use] to chief sports writer roy collins .

The glamour has gone , replaced by hard work and application .
the glamour has gone , replaced by hard work and [use] .

’ In his place , Mark Flatts showed sufficient application and skill to suggest Limpar may have a long wait to get his place back .
’ in his place , mark flatts showed sufficient [use] and skill to suggest limpar may have a long wait to get his place back .

Sharp swings in business activity , changing corporate cash requirements and the perceived need for industry at large to focus its operations , are all likely to produce opportunities for divestment and hence for the application of venture capital .
sharp swings in business activity , changing corporate cash requirements and the perceived need for industry at large to focus its operations , are all likely to produce opportunities for divestment and hence for the [use] of venture capital .

Both of these are obvious application areas for the robot , being similar in nature to the sorts of tasks already commonly performed by robots in manufacturing industry , such as materials handling , arc welding , machine tending and assembly .
both of these are obvious [use] areas for the robot , being similar in nature to the sorts of tasks already commonly performed by robots in manufacturing industry , such as materials handling , arc welding , machine tending and assembly .

The London computer and the Hong Kong computer each hold and run a copy of the SunAccount application software .
the london computer and the hong kong computer each hold and run a copy of the sunaccount [use] software .

These are delivered to each desk on a single windowed workstation screen , regardless of where the application is actually running .
these are delivered to each desk on a single windowed workstation screen , regardless of where the [use] is actually running .

Clinicare , which does not require a medical examination on application , also covers existing illness after 24 months of continuous insurance — provided you have not visited the doctor for 12 months .
clinicare , which does not require a medical examination on [use] , also covers existing illness after 24 months of continuous insurance — provided you have not visited the doctor for 12 months .

At the end of a full page report , the auditors conclude that ‘ because of the significance of the matters referred to in the preceding paragraphs , we are unable to form an opinion as to whether the financial statements give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the company and the group at 31 December 1991 and of the loss and source and application of funds of the group for the year then ended and whether the financial statements have been properly prepared in accordance with the Companies Act 1985 ’ .
at the end of a full page report , the auditors conclude that ‘ because of the significance of the matters referred to in the preceding paragraphs , we are unable to form an opinion as to whether the financial statements give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the company and the group at 31 december 1991 and of the loss and source and [use] of funds of the group for the year then ended and whether the financial statements have been properly prepared in accordance with the companies act 1985 ’ .

In accepting the Crown 's application , Lord Coulsfield said that the general rule of law was that evidence which was relevant to the issue was admissible unless excluded by some peremptory rule of law .
in accepting the crown 's [use] , lord coulsfield said that the general rule of law was that evidence which was relevant to the issue was admissible unless excluded by some peremptory rule of law .

The responses to Cadbury demonstrate that while there is a will to improve corporate governance , there is no real consensus on the detailed application .
the responses to cadbury demonstrate that while there is a will to improve corporate governance , there is no real consensus on the detailed [use] .

Both professions are concerned with the application to commercial life of rules that often embody generalised concepts .
both professions are concerned with the [use] to commercial life of rules that often embody generalised concepts .

Their application , it says , will vary according to the complexities of the systems and the level of dependence on them .
their [use] , it says , will vary according to the complexities of the systems and the level of dependence on them .

Their purpose is to provide auditors with timely guidance on new or emerging issues , and to explain the interpretation and application of auditing standards .
their purpose is to provide auditors with timely guidance on new or emerging issues , and to explain the interpretation and [use] of auditing standards .

The Crown 's practical arguments were that the case was so rare that it could not call for a fundamental reformulation of the law and that it was impossible for their lordships to set limits on the application of the principle which , being a matter of policy , was a question for the legislature .
the crown 's practical arguments were that the case was so rare that it could not call for a fundamental reformulation of the law and that it was impossible for their lordships to set limits on the [use] of the principle which , being a matter of policy , was a question for the legislature .

Although Reg 20 obviously contemplated primarily an actual employer and employee , it was clear that , having regard to the statutory scheme as a whole , Reg 20 was intended to have a general application .
although reg 20 obviously contemplated primarily an actual employer and employee , it was clear that , having regard to the statutory scheme as a whole , reg 20 was intended to have a general [use] .

The tax due is 0.2 % of the value of the building , based on the application of particular multipliers .
the tax due is 0.2 % of the value of the building , based on the [use] of particular multipliers .

Labour law application for full-time employees generally applies to the full extent also for part-time employees .
labour law [use] for full-time employees generally applies to the full extent also for part-time employees .

Its use by millions of people in India for ceremonial and decorative purposes is primarily a sociological application .
its use by millions of people in india for ceremonial and decorative purposes is primarily a sociological [use] .

Swastika , a Sanskrit word , means literally ‘ well-being ’ , which has many variables depending upon the application .
swastika , a sanskrit word , means literally ‘ well-being ’ , which has many variables depending upon the [use] .

But their role in relation to fertility , on one hand , and wisdom on the other , according to the application , appears to be consistent throughout the country .
but their role in relation to fertility , on one hand , and wisdom on the other , according to the [use] , appears to be consistent throughout the country .

Tests conducted in southern India by Dr Singh , head of the Department of Botany at Annamalai University , resulted in the speeding up of the movement of protoplasm in plant cells by the application of harmonious music from various instruments two metres from the plants for half an hour .
tests conducted in southern india by dr singh , head of the department of botany at annamalai university , resulted in the speeding up of the movement of protoplasm in plant cells by the [use] of harmonious music from various instruments two metres from the plants for half an hour .

One aspect of his work is the application of radiesthesic coils ( a spiral of wire or copper attached to a stake and driven into the ground ) .
one aspect of his work is the [use] of radiesthesic coils ( a spiral of wire or copper attached to a stake and driven into the ground ) .

In physics the application of principles which relate to biopolymers in living cells can provide an exciting and promising new direction towards discovering the ‘ missing link ’ in the seemingly fruitless quest for the explanation to the problem of cancer .
in physics the [use] of principles which relate to biopolymers in living cells can provide an exciting and promising new direction towards discovering the ‘ missing link ’ in the seemingly fruitless quest for the explanation to the problem of cancer .

The application of such an effect can change the intracellular structure of a cell that has been transformed by a cancer-causing agent , even in its latent stage .
the [use] of such an effect can change the intracellular structure of a cell that has been transformed by a cancer-causing agent , even in its latent stage .

His point is a simple enough one : the application of technology is held to be value-free and independent of any human motives :
his point is a simple enough one : the [use] of technology is held to be value-free and independent of any human motives :

If we look at the nature of work as developed through the application of scientific management principles we find that workers are only engaged in ‘ part ’ tasks rather than ‘ whole ’ ones .
if we look at the nature of work as developed through the [use] of scientific management principles we find that workers are only engaged in ‘ part ’ tasks rather than ‘ whole ’ ones .

In any case , there is no point in letting the great abstractions Truth and Reality divert us into epistemology and metaphysics , since such questions have no relevance to the application of ‘ Be aware ’ in the conduct of life .
in any case , there is no point in letting the great abstractions truth and reality divert us into epistemology and metaphysics , since such questions have no relevance to the [use] of ‘ be aware ’ in the conduct of life .

Our application of the principle of awareness to morals implies that the pursuit of any selfish end exerts strong pressures to .
our [use] of the principle of awareness to morals implies that the pursuit of any selfish end exerts strong pressures to .

Those who simplify moral judgement to the application of standards would assume that he has either to impose his own code or to accommodate himself to the other .
those who simplify moral judgement to the [use] of standards would assume that he has either to impose his own code or to accommodate himself to the other .

When trainee certified public accountant Eiichi Shiratori sent in his application for a job with Arthur Andersen and the promise of his first trip outside Japan , he had no idea what an important step he was taking .
when trainee certified public accountant eiichi shiratori sent in his [use] for a job with arthur andersen and the promise of his first trip outside japan , he had no idea what an important step he was taking .

That application form put him on the ladder , not only to the top of the Japanese profession , but to international recognition — on 1 January this year he took over the chairmanship of the International Accounting Standards Committee .
that [use] form put him on the ladder , not only to the top of the japanese profession , but to international recognition — on 1 january this year he took over the chairmanship of the international accounting standards committee .

Application forms are contained in February 's Cosmo .
[use] forms are contained in february 's cosmo .

The local authority would be willing to sell the land to the church and would look favourably on any application to develop the land for housing .
the local authority would be willing to sell the land to the church and would look favourably on any [use] to develop the land for housing .

In 1988 , the Commission found that the Net Book Agreement infringed Art 85 ( 1 ) , and rejected an application for exemption under Art 85 ( 3 ) .
in 1988 , the commission found that the net book agreement infringed art 85 ( 1 ) , and rejected an [use] for exemption under art 85 ( 3 ) .

The application that was heard in the Chancery Division was merely a preliminary issue to see if Eagle was entitled to pursue its claim .
the [use] that was heard in the chancery division was merely a preliminary issue to see if eagle was entitled to pursue its claim .

The question of law raised by the application was whether Savory Milln could be made personally liable as constructive trustees to repay the £13.5m ( no longer traceable ) which had been applied in discharge of Mr Ferriday 's and other sub-underwriters ' liabilities to Savory Milln .
the question of law raised by the [use] was whether savory milln could be made personally liable as constructive trustees to repay the £13.5m ( no longer traceable ) which had been applied in discharge of mr ferriday 's and other sub-underwriters ' liabilities to savory milln .

However , as most life assurance companies have undivided funds , the application of the usual part disposal rules to calculate the deemed gain has the effect , where values have risen , of reducing the subsequent base cost of the chargeable element of the holding .
however , as most life assurance companies have undivided funds , the [use] of the usual part disposal rules to calculate the deemed gain has the effect , where values have risen , of reducing the subsequent base cost of the chargeable element of the holding .

Accordingly , the Court declined to make any order on the originating summons and the Revenue 's application to strike out the summons would be dismissed .
accordingly , the court declined to make any order on the originating summons and the revenue 's [use] to strike out the summons would be dismissed .

On application members will be required to confirm that they have complied with these guidelines on an annual basis .
on [use] members will be required to confirm that they have complied with these guidelines on an annual basis .

Where members find it difficult to access courses , seminars , etcetera there is scope for them to organise their own structured discussion groups within their work-place or locality , perhaps using television programmes or videos to provide the structure Subject matter : Technical and regulatory aspects ( knowledge and application ) ; and development of interpersonal and management skills .
where members find it difficult to access courses , seminars , etcetera there is scope for them to organise their own structured discussion groups within their work-place or locality , perhaps using television programmes or videos to provide the structure subject matter : technical and regulatory aspects ( knowledge and [use] ) ; and development of interpersonal and management skills .

Providers : Likely to be Institute technical committees , government committees , District Societies ' technical committees and those of practising firms Subject matter : Technical knowledge ( rather than application ) in the above areas
providers : likely to be institute technical committees , government committees , district societies ' technical committees and those of practising firms subject matter : technical knowledge ( rather than [use] ) in the above areas

Provider : The individual member in resonse to a demand from their employer or from the market eg publications , conference organiser Subject matter : This covers ‘ specialist ’ knowledge and possibly the application .
provider : the individual member in resonse to a demand from their employer or from the market eg publications , conference organiser subject matter : this covers ‘ specialist ’ knowledge and possibly the [use] .

Anyone keen to run should write for an application from ( enclosing a stamp ) to .
anyone keen to run should write for an [use] from ( enclosing a stamp ) to .

Then a light application of silky Lucidity powder ( £18.50 ) would prevent shine and help her make-up last longer .
then a light [use] of silky lucidity powder ( £18.50 ) would prevent shine and help her make-up last longer .

Teresa , who has regularly been called on by the Clothes Show and TV-am as well as many famous faces , will demonstrate simple application tips and talk about how to choose make-up from the bewildering choice available .
teresa , who has regularly been called on by the clothes show and tv-am as well as many famous faces , will demonstrate simple [use] tips and talk about how to choose make-up from the bewildering choice available .

Microphones are designed in various styles and sizes according to the particular application .
microphones are designed in various styles and sizes according to the particular [use] .

Application of abstracts
[use] of abstracts

The statement says that where a member 's opinion is sought on the application of accounting standards or principles to specific circumstances or transactions of an entity of which he is not the auditor , he should ensure that he has access to all relevant information , he should contact the auditor to provide an opportunity for the latter to bring to his attention any relevant facts and , given his client 's permission , he should provide a copy of his opinion to the auditor .
the statement says that where a member 's opinion is sought on the [use] of accounting standards or principles to specific circumstances or transactions of an entity of which he is not the auditor , he should ensure that he has access to all relevant information , he should contact the auditor to provide an opportunity for the latter to bring to his attention any relevant facts and , given his client 's permission , he should provide a copy of his opinion to the auditor .

Style is as crucial to the accountant 's report as it is to ( for instance ) the job application .
style is as crucial to the accountant 's report as it is to ( for instance ) the job [use] .

Midland Software 's recently launched Delphi Absence application , part of its Delphi suite of personnel systems , was developed in conjunction with one of the high street banks .
midland software 's recently launched delphi absence [use] , part of its delphi suite of personnel systems , was developed in conjunction with one of the high street banks .

‘ It was a good opportunity for us to develop the application as part of the contract .
‘ it was a good opportunity for us to develop the [use] as part of the contract .

Accountancy has never been an exact science and , while grey areas exist in the general application of its principles , the Professional Standards Committee will continue to play a role .
accountancy has never been an exact science and , while grey areas exist in the general [use] of its principles , the professional standards committee will continue to play a role .

Another new feature this year was the more detailed application form telling prospective entrants exactly what the judges look for and highlighting errors and omissions encountered last year .
another new feature this year was the more detailed [use] form telling prospective entrants exactly what the judges look for and highlighting errors and omissions encountered last year .

The employment application — when applicants should be questioned in an appropriate way and warned that thorough background and reference checks will be made .
the employment [use] — when applicants should be questioned in an appropriate way and warned that thorough background and reference checks will be made .

Finally , the need for an audit should not deter you from considering an application for registration with the Charity Commission .
finally , the need for an audit should not deter you from considering an [use] for registration with the charity commission .

Thus , on the facts of the Dodds case , where a landlord gave notice of termination of a tenancy of business premises under the Landlord and Tenant Act 1954 on the 30 September 1978 , the ‘ four month ’ period during which the tenant had a right to apply for a new tenancy expired at midnight on 30 January , and so his application made on 31 January 1979 was invalid as being out of time .
thus , on the facts of the dodds case , where a landlord gave notice of termination of a tenancy of business premises under the landlord and tenant act 1954 on the 30 september 1978 , the ‘ four month ’ period during which the tenant had a right to apply for a new tenancy expired at midnight on 30 january , and so his [use] made on 31 january 1979 was invalid as being out of time .

The Revenue will admit a claim for holdover relief without requiring a computation of the heldover gain where both the transferor and transferee make a formal application .
the revenue will admit a claim for holdover relief without requiring a computation of the heldover gain where both the transferor and transferee make a formal [use] .

Where a Tessa is opened on behalf of an incapacitated person under the terms of this concession , that person 's name should also be shown on the application form .
where a tessa is opened on behalf of an incapacitated person under the terms of this concession , that person 's name should also be shown on the [use] form .

After complaints , Hounslow Council ruled that the store needed planning permission then rejected Harrods ' application .
after complaints , hounslow council ruled that the store needed planning permission then rejected harrods ' [use] .

But Mr Justice Buckley rejected the application in April .
but mr justice buckley rejected the [use] in april .

Ulster Secretary Peter Brooke said in the Commons yesterday that Whitehall 's examination of the application for 400 more officers was in its final stages .
ulster secretary peter brooke said in the commons yesterday that whitehall 's examination of the [use] for 400 more officers was in its final stages .

This focuses on theory and consists of the interpretation of ideas within their own terms of reference , within the context of their own theoretical provenance , and the evaluation of their relevance or validity in principle with reference to the domain of enquiry which constitutes the context of application .
this focuses on theory and consists of the interpretation of ideas within their own terms of reference , within the context of their own theoretical provenance , and the evaluation of their relevance or validity in principle with reference to the domain of enquiry which constitutes the context of [use] .

The second pragmatic process might be called application .
the second pragmatic process might be called [use] .

Application is an empirical evaluation based on teaching experience and has to do with the devising of effective techniques specific to particular circumstances .
[use] is an empirical evaluation based on teaching experience and has to do with the devising of effective techniques specific to particular circumstances .

Application can , of course , lead to reappraisal , just as empirical evidence in other areas of research can lead to a reformulation or abandonment of initial hypotheses .
[use] can , of course , lead to reappraisal , just as empirical evidence in other areas of research can lead to a reformulation or abandonment of initial hypotheses .

Again , mediation failure may occur when ideas are put into operation in the application phase without being subjected to adequate appraisal .
again , mediation failure may occur when ideas are put into operation in the [use] phase without being subjected to adequate appraisal .

Issues in appraisal and application
issues in appraisal and [use]

These techniques may be the conscious application of ideas which have been subjected to previous appraisal and are therefore the realization of principles , or they may simply be a set of more or less formulaic activities sanctioned not by appraisal but by the approval of authority .
these techniques may be the conscious [use] of ideas which have been subjected to previous appraisal and are therefore the realization of principles , or they may simply be a set of more or less formulaic activities sanctioned not by appraisal but by the approval of authority .

It focuses , therefore , not on the application of ready-made problem-solving techniques but on the critical appraisal of the relationship between problem and solution as a matter of continuing enquiry and of adaptable practice .
it focuses , therefore , not on the [use] of ready-made problem-solving techniques but on the critical appraisal of the relationship between problem and solution as a matter of continuing enquiry and of adaptable practice .

As illustrations , therefore , teaching materials can be seen as stimulants of enquiry calling for appraisal as a prerequisite for application ; as prescriptions , they call for application without the requirement of appraisal , and so constrain the users into conformity .
as illustrations , therefore , teaching materials can be seen as stimulants of enquiry calling for appraisal as a prerequisite for [use] ; as prescriptions , they call for [use] without the requirement of appraisal , and so constrain the users into conformity .

The original problem could then be reconsidered in the light of this appraisal and the next stage would be to move into application , making the ideas operational by the teacher 's devising activities in reference to given examples drawn from existing teaching materials .
the original problem could then be reconsidered in the light of this appraisal and the next stage would be to move into [use] , making the ideas operational by the teacher 's devising activities in reference to given examples drawn from existing teaching materials .

Application : Sample drills provided , selected from existing materials with reference to procedural guidance .
[use] : sample drills provided , selected from existing materials with reference to procedural guidance .

This is the main contribution that the linguistic sciences can make to the teaching of languages : to provide good descriptions … There is no conflict between application and theory ; the methods most useful in application are to be found among those that are most valid and powerful in theory .
this is the main contribution that the linguistic sciences can make to the teaching of languages : to provide good descriptions … there is no conflict between [use] and theory ; the methods most useful in [use] are to be found among those that are most valid and powerful in theory .

Thus the descriptions of a language which are the output of a first-order application of linguistic theory represent only an inventory from which a selection must be made in order to draw up the syllabus for any particular teaching operation . ( 1973 : 143 )
thus the descriptions of a language which are the output of a first-order [use] of linguistic theory represent only an inventory from which a selection must be made in order to draw up the syllabus for any particular teaching operation . ( 1973 : 143 )

They are the result of recall and not of the composition of components by the application of syntactic rules .
they are the result of recall and not of the composition of components by the [use] of syntactic rules .

Windows for Workgroups supersedes Windows 3.1 , and will provide information sharing , communication and workgroup application capabilities to Windows users .
windows for workgroups supersedes windows 3.1 , and will provide information sharing , communication and workgroup [use] capabilities to windows users .

How do you tell if you have an application that would benefit from this technology ? The basic characteristics of a suitable application might include :
how do you tell if you have an [use] that would benefit from this technology ? the basic characteristics of a suitable [use] might include :

The operation of these four principles leaves some room for manoeuvre , in the sense that their application may produce more than one possible carer in a given situation .
the operation of these four principles leaves some room for manoeuvre , in the sense that their [use] may produce more than one possible carer in a given situation .

Apart from basic , but effective system administration facilities , Unix has lacked a proper mechanism for managing the overall application environment as a single entity .
apart from basic , but effective system administration facilities , unix has lacked a proper mechanism for managing the overall [use] environment as a single entity .

While technological advances and competition are driving hardware , operating system and application software prices down , systems management costs are rising , he says .
while technological advances and competition are driving hardware , operating system and [use] software prices down , systems management costs are rising , he says .

As well as a basic management framework , a variety of applications are required to suit different commercial environments , including change and configuration management , security management , inventory monitoring and analysis , client-server application management and operations management .
as well as a basic management framework , a variety of applications are required to suit different commercial environments , including change and configuration management , security management , inventory monitoring and analysis , client-server [use] management and operations management .

Retinoic acid rapidly alters Hox-B1 expression , and 4h after application there is an anterior shift of the expression boundaries in both mesoderm and neural ectoderm ( Fig .
retinoic acid rapidly alters hox-b1 expression , and 4h after [use] there is an anterior shift of the expression boundaries in both mesoderm and neural ectoderm ( fig .

Owing to the fact that there are underlying molecular mechanisms that modify these early retinoic acid-induced patterns , the net effect of retinoic acid application to preheadfold-stage mouse embryos is a duplication of the r4/5 Hox code in r2/3 , which ultimately results in a homeotic transformation of rhombomeric phenotypes .
owing to the fact that there are underlying molecular mechanisms that modify these early retinoic acid-induced patterns , the net effect of retinoic acid [use] to preheadfold-stage mouse embryos is a duplication of the r4/5 hox code in r2/3 , which ultimately results in a homeotic transformation of rhombomeric phenotypes .

Allocating to biodiversity studies the same amount of money that big science projects already attract would allow these institutions to convert centuries of knowledge to a readily available form through the application of information technology .
allocating to biodiversity studies the same amount of money that big science projects already attract would allow these institutions to convert centuries of knowledge to a readily available form through the [use] of information technology .

It is ‘ theoretically ’ , because the then Home Secretary introduced new guide-lines some years ago which severely restricted the application of parole to men serving sentences for offences of violence , sexual offences and the supply of illegal drugs .
it is ‘ theoretically ’ , because the then home secretary introduced new guide-lines some years ago which severely restricted the [use] of parole to men serving sentences for offences of violence , sexual offences and the supply of illegal drugs .

The only recourse for prisoners with social or practical problems , including those involving families outside , was to make an application to see the Superintendent or another senior officer .
the only recourse for prisoners with social or practical problems , including those involving families outside , was to make an [use] to see the superintendent or another senior officer .

The ecclesiastically most delicate application of this lay in the area of collegiality .
the ecclesiastically most delicate [use] of this lay in the area of collegiality .

This , in turn , was part of what was seen at the time as the natural extension of scientific and technological principles from their successful application to the material and animal world to apply to human beings themselves .
this , in turn , was part of what was seen at the time as the natural extension of scientific and technological principles from their successful [use] to the material and animal world to apply to human beings themselves .

Classical criminology reflected contemporary ideas about the social contract , rationality and utility ; positivist criminology celebrated what seemed to be the successful application of science and technology to human beings .
classical criminology reflected contemporary ideas about the social contract , rationality and utility ; positivist criminology celebrated what seemed to be the successful [use] of science and technology to human beings .

Positivist criminology seemed to represent another example of the misuse of technology — in this case in its application to human beings themselves .
positivist criminology seemed to represent another example of the misuse of technology — in this case in its [use] to human beings themselves .

Crime had been portrayed by positivists as a pathology , requiring the application of psychological or sociological technology to put it right ; criminals were seen as a kind of societal waste product requiring hygienic processing .
crime had been portrayed by positivists as a pathology , requiring the [use] of psychological or sociological technology to put it right ; criminals were seen as a kind of societal waste product requiring hygienic processing .

They emphasised that the data represented the successful application of labels to acts — on a highly selective basis , reflecting the kinds of people agents of control such as the police regard as likely suspects , or as being dangerous enough to warrant official action .
they emphasised that the data represented the successful [use] of labels to acts — on a highly selective basis , reflecting the kinds of people agents of control such as the police regard as likely suspects , or as being dangerous enough to warrant official action .

The nature , and application , of the legal rules that define crime , together with the moral and political debate that their consideration inevitably involves , is as important for correctionalism as for any other criminological enterprise .
the nature , and [use] , of the legal rules that define crime , together with the moral and political debate that their consideration inevitably involves , is as important for correctionalism as for any other criminological enterprise .

It also pointed to an important development that can and should be expected of the classical perspective : the assertion of the relativity and selectivity of criminal definitions and their application .
it also pointed to an important development that can and should be expected of the classical perspective : the assertion of the relativity and selectivity of criminal definitions and their [use] .

This is why it is extremely dangerous to imagine , as many positivist criminologists seemed to do , that such actions can be understood and explained without reference to these processes of definition and application .
this is why it is extremely dangerous to imagine , as many positivist criminologists seemed to do , that such actions can be understood and explained without reference to these processes of definition and [use] .

As we saw when considering the interactionist critique of positivism , there are two particularly important reasons for this : first , the processes of definition and application produce the data specifying the nature of , and the trends in , crime , and the characteristics of criminals that are subsequently used by criminologists to construct their theories and explanations ; second , these processes of definition and application have consequences for the meanings , implications and justifications that those ‘ labelled ’ by them give to their own actions .
as we saw when considering the interactionist critique of positivism , there are two particularly important reasons for this : first , the processes of definition and [use] produce the data specifying the nature of , and the trends in , crime , and the characteristics of criminals that are subsequently used by criminologists to construct their theories and explanations ; second , these processes of definition and [use] have consequences for the meanings , implications and justifications that those ‘ labelled ’ by them give to their own actions .

His views were echoed by the sub-committee which twice rejected the couple 's application .
his views were echoed by the sub-committee which twice rejected the couple 's [use] .

Unix International Inc has so far logged nine responses to its Application Linking request for technology , including Lotus Development Corp , which is submitting its Link , Embed and Launch to Edit technology and Symbotics Inc .
unix international inc has so far logged nine responses to its [use] linking request for technology , including lotus development corp , which is submitting its link , embed and launch to edit technology and symbotics inc .

According to Mark Doran , Unix International 's technical project manager , Application Linking wo n't be a full object-oriented specification and is intended only as a stop-gap definition until the Object Group delivers object linking and embedding guidelines in two years ' time .
according to mark doran , unix international 's technical project manager , [use] linking wo n't be a full object-oriented specification and is intended only as a stop-gap definition until the object group delivers object linking and embedding guidelines in two years ' time .

Unix International 's approach is compliant with Object Management Group 's Object Request Broker and Unix International anticipates that Application Linking 's reference implementation will provide a migration path to Object Management Group-compliant implementations as they become available .
unix international 's approach is compliant with object management group 's object request broker and unix international anticipates that [use] linking 's reference implementation will provide a migration path to object management group-compliant implementations as they become available .

However , the initial Application Linking specification will possess object-like characteristics to allow for further developments and support for Object Group 's Object Request Broker Architecture .
however , the initial [use] linking specification will possess object-like characteristics to allow for further developments and support for object group 's object request broker architecture .

Application Linking Technology is similar in function to Microsoft Corp 's Object Linking & Embedding specification , which enables users to cut and paste objects , text , spreadsheets , sound , video and graphics between different Windows applications .
[use] linking technology is similar in function to microsoft corp 's object linking & embedding specification , which enables users to cut and paste objects , text , spreadsheets , sound , video and graphics between different windows applications .

Unix International says Application Linking capabilities will significantly enhance the attractiveness of Unix-based applications in general-use environments .
unix international says [use] linking capabilities will significantly enhance the attractiveness of unix-based applications in general-use environments .

NetDirector for Unix consists of Hewlett 's OpenView and Network Node Manager application , and Ungermann applications and future third party applications .
netdirector for unix consists of hewlett 's openview and network node manager [use] , and ungermann applications and future third party applications .

The material 's ability to be easily magnetised and demagnetised may find it another application unrelated to its transparency — refrigeration .
the material 's ability to be easily magnetised and demagnetised may find it another [use] unrelated to its transparency — refrigeration .

The creation of nominal and fictitious votes was by far the greatest abuse to disfigure Scottish politics in the eighteenth century , but that was a form of political corruption which long survived even the Reform Act of 1832 , and the only abuse which was truly confined to the period under consideration was that which attempted to capitalise upon the opportunities for manipulating the voters , through a judicious application of patronage , which the small number of voters appeared to invite .
the creation of nominal and fictitious votes was by far the greatest abuse to disfigure scottish politics in the eighteenth century , but that was a form of political corruption which long survived even the reform act of 1832 , and the only abuse which was truly confined to the period under consideration was that which attempted to capitalise upon the opportunities for manipulating the voters , through a judicious [use] of patronage , which the small number of voters appeared to invite .

The correspondence of members of parliament was filled with information on the state of health of incumbents in order that timely application might be made for the posts should they die or retire from service .
the correspondence of members of parliament was filled with information on the state of health of incumbents in order that timely [use] might be made for the posts should they die or retire from service .

Politically , the office of postmaster had additional value , for much of the minor patronage was filled by the Treasury upon the first significant application , and here timely notification of a death , or a serious illness , was essential .
politically , the office of postmaster had additional value , for much of the minor patronage was filled by the treasury upon the first significant [use] , and here timely notification of a death , or a serious illness , was essential .

It was an appointment , as William Adam pointed out , which ‘ often follows at a great distance of time after the application & entring on the list ’ .
it was an appointment , as william adam pointed out , which ‘ often follows at a great distance of time after the [use] & entring on the list ’ .

Connections quickly came to the fore in the application , however , for Kinnoull pointed out that the wife of the minister of Tippermuir was a lady ‘ for whom the Dowager Lady Findlater has a particular regard ’ , and she was herself the niece of Sir James Grant 's uncle , Sir William Dunbar .
connections quickly came to the fore in the [use] , however , for kinnoull pointed out that the wife of the minister of tippermuir was a lady ‘ for whom the dowager lady findlater has a particular regard ’ , and she was herself the niece of sir james grant 's uncle , sir william dunbar .

In particular , the straightforward application of goal planning or Individual Planning approaches ( Schachter et al .
in particular , the straightforward [use] of goal planning or individual planning approaches ( schachter et al .

The application of this technology strengthens the head of the racket without increasing its weight .
the [use] of this technology strengthens the head of the racket without increasing its weight .

It has , however , found a direct application in the histories of architecture , technology and industrial building .
it has , however , found a direct [use] in the histories of architecture , technology and industrial building .

Application by Gander and White Shipping Ltd exporting to Musee d'Orsay , Paris , at £110,000 .
[use] by gander and white shipping ltd exporting to musee d'orsay , paris , at £110,000 .

The application for an export licence was withdrawn as each leaf was now worth less than the limit of £35,000 , beyond which an export licence is required .
the [use] for an export licence was withdrawn as each leaf was now worth less than the limit of £35,000 , beyond which an export licence is required .

The application was withdrawn and the drawing then acquired by the Ashmolean Museum , Oxford , at £55,000 .
the [use] was withdrawn and the drawing then acquired by the ashmolean museum , oxford , at £55,000 .

Application by Hazlitt Gooden and Fox exporting to the Metropolitan Museum at £72,637 .
[use] by hazlitt gooden and fox exporting to the metropolitan museum at £72,637 .

Application by Hazlitt Gooden and Fox exporting to the Metropolitan Museum , at £268,200 .
[use] by hazlitt gooden and fox exporting to the metropolitan museum , at £268,200 .

Application , of course .
[use] , of course .

The plaintive application ,
the plaintive [use] ,

Unlike Hayter , for whom the application of colour was a way of further transforming an image during the creative process , for Gross , colour was more often an afterthought .
unlike hayter , for whom the [use] of colour was a way of further transforming an image during the creative process , for gross , colour was more often an afterthought .

Full details of the trains and application forms for tickets will be forwarded by return .
full details of the trains and [use] forms for tickets will be forwarded by return .

New York Supreme Court refuses auction house 's application to withdraw
new york supreme court refuses auction house 's [use] to withdraw

Judge Huff declared that the court would not allow the application by Sotheby 's to be discharged from the action and in the process she made some critical and revealing remarks about the auction house 's role in the whole affair , which we reproduce below .
judge huff declared that the court would not allow the [use] by sotheby 's to be discharged from the action and in the process she made some critical and revealing remarks about the auction house 's role in the whole affair , which we reproduce below .

Thank you for sending your application for employment , dated October 19th .
thank you for sending your [use] for employment , dated october 19th .

Rashid had left the flat only once , to go by taxi to the Syrian Embassy to press further his application for asylum , and on that occasion , while he had talked and drunk coffee in an inner office his two daughters had sat outside with their colouring books and crayons .
rashid had left the flat only once , to go by taxi to the syrian embassy to press further his [use] for asylum , and on that occasion , while he had talked and drunk coffee in an inner office his two daughters had sat outside with their colouring books and crayons .

For further information and application forms please send a sae ( 241 × 165mm ) to
for further information and [use] forms please send a sae ( 241 × 165mm ) to

First Class also gives guidance and practice in various kinds of writing , including letters of confirmation , apology , and application .
first class also gives guidance and practice in various kinds of writing , including letters of confirmation , apology , and [use] .

Section 3 — Application
section 3 — [use]

William Hughes and the Unitarian William Roscoe , following Granville Sharp 's argument in the 1770s , asserted the scriptural sanction of slave trading to have only particular application ; they tried to bolster scripture as a reliable instrument of antislavery revelation by insisting that Harris ' reliance on the Old Testament had to be modified or abrogated by the New Testament .
william hughes and the unitarian william roscoe , following granville sharp 's argument in the 1770s , asserted the scriptural sanction of slave trading to have only particular [use] ; they tried to bolster scripture as a reliable instrument of antislavery revelation by insisting that harris ' reliance on the old testament had to be modified or abrogated by the new testament .

The execution … of the Saviour 's plan required the prudent application of wise and well-judged measures so as not to injure private property , not to disturb civil order , not to expose Christianity to the scandal of sedition , not to obscure the glory of a Kingdom not of this world .
the execution … of the saviour 's plan required the prudent [use] of wise and well-judged measures so as not to injure private property , not to disturb civil order , not to expose christianity to the scandal of sedition , not to obscure the glory of a kingdom not of this world .

In the early nineteenth century a number of different iron hand presses reached a sufficient stage of development for widespread application in the printing of books and required no great skill or preparation in their use .
in the early nineteenth century a number of different iron hand presses reached a sufficient stage of development for widespread [use] in the printing of books and required no great skill or preparation in their use .

At these gatherings only freeholders ( including gentry and clergy ) were allowed to speak and vote ; they were usually summoned by the sheriff on the application of a number of freeholders and the county members might often attend .
at these gatherings only freeholders ( including gentry and clergy ) were allowed to speak and vote ; they were usually summoned by the sheriff on the [use] of a number of freeholders and the county members might often attend .

Moreover , since the 1788 petitions were not part of a movement pursuing significant change in the political system or attacking the range of government policy , the application of humanitarian and general interest criteria to a question of trade probably appeared relatively innocuous to those who were not directly involved .
moreover , since the 1788 petitions were not part of a movement pursuing significant change in the political system or attacking the range of government policy , the [use] of humanitarian and general interest criteria to a question of trade probably appeared relatively innocuous to those who were not directly involved .

It is however noticeable that while on the point of history he was directly opposed to Liberal Theology , his appeal to a ‘ spirit ’ somehow detachable from the Jesus of history , and his practical application of it , run very much along similar lines to the Liberal approach .
it is however noticeable that while on the point of history he was directly opposed to liberal theology , his appeal to a ‘ spirit ’ somehow detachable from the jesus of history , and his practical [use] of it , run very much along similar lines to the liberal approach .

The nineteenth century brought a new kind of search for the basis and foundation of theology itself ; a fresh attempt to bring human awareness and experience into the centre of theological study ; the forging of more specialised techniques for the literary and historical study of the Bible , techniques whose application helped to raise what were often felt to be disturbing and challenging questions about its meaning and relevance as well as about the standing and authority of established Christian doctrines ; and the sharp new question whether Christian theology itself ought not to be subsumed under some more general study of religion and religions .
the nineteenth century brought a new kind of search for the basis and foundation of theology itself ; a fresh attempt to bring human awareness and experience into the centre of theological study ; the forging of more specialised techniques for the literary and historical study of the bible , techniques whose [use] helped to raise what were often felt to be disturbing and challenging questions about its meaning and relevance as well as about the standing and authority of established christian doctrines ; and the sharp new question whether christian theology itself ought not to be subsumed under some more general study of religion and religions .

Other far-reaching changes in the modern world have also made their mark on theology , notably the immense advances in science and technology , and the accelerating contact and interaction between different races and cultures in what it is now normal to call ‘ the global village ’ , The explosion of science and the application of its discoveries have altered the world even of our grandfathers beyond recognition .
other far-reaching changes in the modern world have also made their mark on theology , notably the immense advances in science and technology , and the accelerating contact and interaction between different races and cultures in what it is now normal to call ‘ the global village ’ , the explosion of science and the [use] of its discoveries have altered the world even of our grandfathers beyond recognition .

The clearest and harshest expression of this twofold approach ( and one which certainly brings into the open its ultimate presuppositions ) was perhaps the application of the doctrine of predestination in the Federal or Covenant Theology of the seventeenth century as expressed in such classic statements as the Westminster Confession , which for centuries held sway on both sides of the Atlantic as the most widely authoritative summary in English of Reformed orthodoxy .
the clearest and harshest expression of this twofold approach ( and one which certainly brings into the open its ultimate presuppositions ) was perhaps the [use] of the doctrine of predestination in the federal or covenant theology of the seventeenth century as expressed in such classic statements as the westminster confession , which for centuries held sway on both sides of the atlantic as the most widely authoritative summary in english of reformed orthodoxy .

The most common application is to gravity feed an external chambered filter , pulling the water through , and returning it via a venturi .
the most common [use] is to gravity feed an external chambered filter , pulling the water through , and returning it via a venturi .

The stunning realism that he offered was not that of any old son of an Irish barman from New York but more precisely his own realism , in part natural and in part perfected by the very conscious application of technique .
the stunning realism that he offered was not that of any old son of an irish barman from new york but more precisely his own realism , in part natural and in part perfected by the very conscious [use] of technique .

Having said that , we can begin to distinguish the difference in type and , therefore , the difference in application of the methods of signing available .
having said that , we can begin to distinguish the difference in type and , therefore , the difference in [use] of the methods of signing available .

Baddeley 's ( 1979 ) work on speech coding as basic to reading development has direct application in studies of dyslexic children , where speech coding can be shown not to occur .
baddeley 's ( 1979 ) work on speech coding as basic to reading development has direct [use] in studies of dyslexic children , where speech coding can be shown not to occur .

The application of the patina produces a thin black film .
the [use] of the patina produces a thin black film .

Nevertheless … mathematics at all levels should include possibilities for exposition by the teacher , discussion between teacher and pupils and between the pupils themselves , appropriate practical work , consideration and practice of fundamental skills and fortunes , problem solving including application of Mathematics to everyday situations , investigational work .
nevertheless … mathematics at all levels should include possibilities for exposition by the teacher , discussion between teacher and pupils and between the pupils themselves , appropriate practical work , consideration and practice of fundamental skills and fortunes , problem solving including [use] of mathematics to everyday situations , investigational work .

That is , continuous dynamic dealing with minor perturbations is automatic and so also is the application of basic rules about safety ; for example , the system or some part of it might be programmed to go through a step-change function such as a shut-down if certain parameters exceed prescribed limits .
that is , continuous dynamic dealing with minor perturbations is automatic and so also is the [use] of basic rules about safety ; for example , the system or some part of it might be programmed to go through a step-change function such as a shut-down if certain parameters exceed prescribed limits .

The application of special skills in this way is called work .
the [use] of special skills in this way is called work .

In the third phase scientists from other cultures acquire these concepts , develop them further in their indigenous environment and provide penetrating comments on Western ideas and their application from an external viewpoint ( Crombach and Drenth , 1972 ) .
in the third phase scientists from other cultures acquire these concepts , develop them further in their indigenous environment and provide penetrating comments on western ideas and their [use] from an external viewpoint ( crombach and drenth , 1972 ) .

The emphasis on self does not limit the application to individual activity , shared meaning can be negotiated and developed within groups , this is group learning .
the emphasis on self does not limit the [use] to individual activity , shared meaning can be negotiated and developed within groups , this is group learning .

Paradoxically much of the more abstract work on the mathematical theory of learning curves has its application at least in principle in the requirements of accountants and production engineers .
paradoxically much of the more abstract work on the mathematical theory of learning curves has its [use] at least in principle in the requirements of accountants and production engineers .

Having developed some interest on the basis of a necessarily brief advertisement a potential candidate can apply for further written details which should contain a comprehensive description of the job , the task and skill content , the responsibilities , the salary and the details of the organisation including its history and anticipated future , and an application form .
having developed some interest on the basis of a necessarily brief advertisement a potential candidate can apply for further written details which should contain a comprehensive description of the job , the task and skill content , the responsibilities , the salary and the details of the organisation including its history and anticipated future , and an [use] form .

It is one application of psychometrics to man-power planning ( see previous chapter ) .
it is one [use] of psychometrics to man-power planning ( see previous chapter ) .

It is stressed repeatedly how some sportsmen had the potential or the promise yet lacked the application to develop it .
it is stressed repeatedly how some sportsmen had the potential or the promise yet lacked the [use] to develop it .

Probably a case-study approach involving the application of science , and the interaction with other disciplines , would be needed .
probably a case-study approach involving the [use] of science , and the interaction with other disciplines , would be needed .

The dominance of the traditions of environmental and economic determinism are a handicap to further profitable application of geographical knowledge to human affairs .
the dominance of the traditions of environmental and economic determinism are a handicap to further profitable [use] of geographical knowledge to human affairs .

Employers were found to use five main selection devices : application forms , academic qualifications , school references , performance in aptitude tests , and interviews .
employers were found to use five main selection devices : [use] forms , academic qualifications , school references , performance in aptitude tests , and interviews .

4–5 ) By ensuring the general application of minimum wage standards industry-wide bargaining could also prevent workers from competing with one another by offering to work for less .
4–5 ) by ensuring the general [use] of minimum wage standards industry-wide bargaining could also prevent workers from competing with one another by offering to work for less .

Agreements there have generally been concluded for an indefinite term and ( linked with this ) no ‘ peace obligation ’ has arisen by the application of the agreement , in contrast to Germany .
agreements there have generally been concluded for an indefinite term and ( linked with this ) no ‘ peace obligation ’ has arisen by the [use] of the agreement , in contrast to germany .

To achieve that from a standing start in nine months meant application as well as ability .
to achieve that from a standing start in nine months meant [use] as well as ability .

However , even the smallest cylinder stocked by plumbers ' merchants was far too big for this application — what was needed was a small , neat cylinder , that would fit snugly under the wash basin unit .
however , even the smallest cylinder stocked by plumbers ' merchants was far too big for this [use] — what was needed was a small , neat cylinder , that would fit snugly under the wash basin unit .

This article deals specifically with these paints , not primers or undercoats , unless they are necessary for the satisfactory application of the special top coat .
this article deals specifically with these paints , not primers or undercoats , unless they are necessary for the satisfactory [use] of the special top coat .

Take care with application : if not applied properly they can chip off and could be swallowed by a child , which might not be harmful , but wo n't be very pleasant .
take care with [use] : if not applied properly they can chip off and could be swallowed by a child , which might not be harmful , but wo n't be very pleasant .

This natural philosophy ( science ) , and the methodology of Francis Bacon ( 1561–1626 ) and Rene Descartes ( 1596–1650 ) , seems to suggest that the universe is run not by divine decree but by natural laws ; laws that can be discovered by the application of the human mind through the senses ( by observation ) to the physical world .
this natural philosophy ( science ) , and the methodology of francis bacon ( 1561–1626 ) and rene descartes ( 1596–1650 ) , seems to suggest that the universe is run not by divine decree but by natural laws ; laws that can be discovered by the [use] of the human mind through the senses ( by observation ) to the physical world .

When , however , the Americans won the competition with the ‘ giant step for mankind ’ in 1969 , the peaceful application of space exploration took second place to the development of spy satellites and military innovations .
when , however , the americans won the competition with the ‘ giant step for mankind ’ in 1969 , the peaceful [use] of space exploration took second place to the development of spy satellites and military innovations .

Application form and job description are available from Baptist Church House ,
[use] form and job description are available from baptist church house ,

The application of the wife of a politburo member to study at a research institute would never have been easy to reject .
the [use] of the wife of a politburo member to study at a research institute would never have been easy to reject .

’ During this meeting Ceauşescu noted ‘ some shortcomings in the organization of the mines , some abuses in the application of laws , and some deficiencies in the leadership of the mines ’ .
’ during this meeting ceauşescu noted ‘ some shortcomings in the organization of the mines , some abuses in the [use] of laws , and some deficiencies in the leadership of the mines ’ .

Marx 's vision was of a world re-made to suit man ; he demanded the ‘ subjection of nature 's forces to man , machinery , [ the ] application of chemistry to industry and agriculture , steam navigation , railways , electric telegraphs , clearing of whole continents for cultivation , canalization of rivers , whole populations conjured out of the ground … ’ In Romania by the 1980s , this nineteenth-century vision of the abolition of any restraints on man 's exploitation of nature and plundering of the environment was put into practice .
marx 's vision was of a world re-made to suit man ; he demanded the ‘ subjection of nature 's forces to man , machinery , [ the ] [use] of chemistry to industry and agriculture , steam navigation , railways , electric telegraphs , clearing of whole continents for cultivation , canalization of rivers , whole populations conjured out of the ground … ’ in romania by the 1980s , this nineteenth-century vision of the abolition of any restraints on man 's exploitation of nature and plundering of the environment was put into practice .

In addition , orders may define circumstances in which the application of the National Curriculum provisions to individual pupils might be modified or lifted for any foundation subject … .
in addition , orders may define circumstances in which the [use] of the national curriculum provisions to individual pupils might be modified or lifted for any foundation subject … .

After much prayer with ‘ application interview procedure ’ a team has come into formation .
after much prayer with ‘ [use] interview procedure ’ a team has come into formation .

warning , on application forms , that the decision to lend would take account of whether the applicant 's description of his background and circumstances matched the background and circumstances of typically good or typically bad payers — and an invitation to applicants , in view of this , to say whether and in what way their own background and circumstances might be unfavourably misleading about their ability to pay ;
warning , on [use] forms , that the decision to lend would take account of whether the applicant 's description of his background and circumstances matched the background and circumstances of typically good or typically bad payers — and an invitation to applicants , in view of this , to say whether and in what way their own background and circumstances might be unfavourably misleading about their ability to pay ;

Some people think that if a lender refuses a credit application , the applicant has a right to know why ( not just the right to ask whether a credit reference bureau has been used , and if so what is on their file with that bureau ) .
some people think that if a lender refuses a credit [use] , the applicant has a right to know why ( not just the right to ask whether a credit reference bureau has been used , and if so what is on their file with that bureau ) .

If the reasons given were genuine and clear , it would be easy for unscrupulous shoppers ( in a later application ) to apply in terms which avoided the pitfall .
if the reasons given were genuine and clear , it would be easy for unscrupulous shoppers ( in a later [use] ) to apply in terms which avoided the pitfall .

And the sort of reason which a trader might give ( ‘ We assign numerical values to all the factors given in application forms , on the basis of past experience of credit-worthiness , and in your case these values fell below the limit we require for credit applicants .
and the sort of reason which a trader might give ( ‘ we assign numerical values to all the factors given in [use] forms , on the basis of past experience of credit-worthiness , and in your case these values fell below the limit we require for credit applicants .

We believe that a way forward through the practical difficulties rehearsed above might be a simple requirement that a lender refusing a credit application ( or requiring special conditions ) should state the reason in whatever terms he wished ; and that this requirement should be coupled to a requirement that ( as a condition of their Consumer Credit Act licence ) lenders should each make a statement of their lending practice to the Director General of Fair Trading .
we believe that a way forward through the practical difficulties rehearsed above might be a simple requirement that a lender refusing a credit [use] ( or requiring special conditions ) should state the reason in whatever terms he wished ; and that this requirement should be coupled to a requirement that ( as a condition of their consumer credit act licence ) lenders should each make a statement of their lending practice to the director general of fair trading .

The metal angle bead which forms the curve of the arch provides a guide for the plastering trowel , to make application of plaster easier .
the metal angle bead which forms the curve of the arch provides a guide for the plastering trowel , to make [use] of plaster easier .

Use masking tape to seal the joint between backing and frame to keep out dust . For more permanent fixing use glued paper tape which needs moistening with water before application
use masking tape to seal the joint between backing and frame to keep out dust . for more permanent fixing use glued paper tape which needs moistening with water before [use]

Talk to the Building Control department at your local council to check whether you need to make a formal application for approval .
talk to the building control department at your local council to check whether you need to make a formal [use] for approval .

Complementing the range is a new Valspar Exterior Wall Primer for patch priming surfaces ; a new Valspar Water Repellent Solution , and Valspar Supertex Stabilising Solution , specifically designed to stabilise flaking , chalking or powdering exterior and interior surfaces , and to provide a firm foundation for masonry paint application .
complementing the range is a new valspar exterior wall primer for patch priming surfaces ; a new valspar water repellent solution , and valspar supertex stabilising solution , specifically designed to stabilise flaking , chalking or powdering exterior and interior surfaces , and to provide a firm foundation for masonry paint [use] .

Western commentators have frequently ‘ spiritualised ’ this prophecy in the sense of individualising and internalising its application .
western commentators have frequently ‘ spiritualised ’ this prophecy in the sense of individualising and internalising its [use] .

This is a joyful response to the spirit of the law , as we see its deeper meaning and wider application .
this is a joyful response to the spirit of the law , as we see its deeper meaning and wider [use] .

Much of this insight has a valuable application to the communicating of the gospel .
much of this insight has a valuable [use] to the communicating of the gospel .

Therefore , the application of communication techniques , no matter how skilled and imaginative , will not of itself ensure the effective transmission of the gospel message .
therefore , the [use] of communication techniques , no matter how skilled and imaginative , will not of itself ensure the effective transmission of the gospel message .

In Ulster the application of the theory has been taken a stage further and much effort has been spent , in addition , on ways to discredit and alienate non-terrorist opponents of the government from their host populations .
in ulster the [use] of the theory has been taken a stage further and much effort has been spent , in addition , on ways to discredit and alienate non-terrorist opponents of the government from their host populations .

Paint : a pigment ground into a vehicle for application by brush etc .
paint : a pigment ground into a vehicle for [use] by brush etc .

Two subject areas have been energised by this very physical application of paint ; garden scenes and old women .
two subject areas have been energised by this very physical [use] of paint ; garden scenes and old women .

In contrast , in the unusual paintings of the old women , the oozing , languid application of oil mirrors their own physical deterioration , their ageing , slowing bodies , spreading out and losing their deftness of youth .
in contrast , in the unusual paintings of the old women , the oozing , languid [use] of oil mirrors their own physical deterioration , their ageing , slowing bodies , spreading out and losing their deftness of youth .

The oil paint lazily moves over the surface of the paintings ; in places its application is to thick that it seems to be rotting and falling away .
the oil paint lazily moves over the surface of the paintings ; in places its [use] is to thick that it seems to be rotting and falling away .

The choice for the acrylic artist is wide , with personal preference for natural or synthetic brushes , appropriateness for type of application and cost all being considerations .
the choice for the acrylic artist is wide , with personal preference for natural or synthetic brushes , appropriateness for type of [use] and cost all being considerations .

Varnishing is the final application of a varnish which is applied to a finished painting in order to protect it from pollution .
varnishing is the final [use] of a varnish which is applied to a finished painting in order to protect it from pollution .

following the making of a relevant application for an intellectual property right , or
following the making of a relevant [use] for an intellectual property right , or

10.7.3 Any such use under Clauses 10.7.2.1 or 10.7.2.2 shall be subject to reasonable prior notice to the Party which has generated or supplied the information to enable any relevant application for intellectual property rights to be made .
10.7.3 any such use under clauses 10.7.2.1 or 10.7.2.2 shall be subject to reasonable prior notice to the party which has generated or supplied the information to enable any relevant [use] for intellectual property rights to be made .

13.2.4 Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing , no work , paper or presentation may be published or made where the publication or making of such work , paper or presentation would prejudice the grant or validity of any application for intellectual property rights based on any part of the work .
13.2.4 without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing , no work , paper or presentation may be published or made where the publication or making of such work , paper or presentation would prejudice the grant or validity of any [use] for intellectual property rights based on any part of the work .

3.2 will inform of any application of the Work in any Licensed Product as defined in Schedule 1 in writing and prior to publication or release .
3.2 will inform of any [use] of the work in any licensed product as defined in schedule 1 in writing and prior to publication or release .

agrees to co-operate with , and at 's expense to execute any documents and do such things as may be necessary in the opinion of 's counsel , to safeguard the Trademarks ( including proof of use and application for recording as a registered user of any or all of the Trademarks or the Trademarks Registers maintained by the relevant Trademarks offices in the Territory and to enable to apply for and/or secure proper registration of the Trade Marks in the Territory .
agrees to co-operate with , and at 's expense to execute any documents and do such things as may be necessary in the opinion of 's counsel , to safeguard the trademarks ( including proof of use and [use] for recording as a registered user of any or all of the trademarks or the trademarks registers maintained by the relevant trademarks offices in the territory and to enable to apply for and/or secure proper registration of the trade marks in the territory .

Decisions must be made by the methodical application of rules to particular cases , not upon any private motivations .
decisions must be made by the methodical [use] of rules to particular cases , not upon any private motivations .

However , there is an interesting and well developed literature which is worth considering in its own right , namely the application of the arbiter model to explain the existence of authoritarian regimes under capitalism .
however , there is an interesting and well developed literature which is worth considering in its own right , namely the [use] of the arbiter model to explain the existence of authoritarian regimes under capitalism .

San Francisco , California-based Tesseract Corp is porting its Primrose parallel processing application development environment to Pyramid Technology Corp 's MIServers , which Pyramid will market as PrimroseSMP .
san francisco , california-based tesseract corp is porting its primrose parallel processing [use] development environment to pyramid technology corp 's miservers , which pyramid will market as primrosesmp .

As Bertrand Russell remarks : ‘ Darwinism was an application to the whole of animal and vegetable life of Malthus 's theory of population , which was an integral part of the politics and economics of the Benthamites — a global free competition in which victory went to the animals that most resembled successful capitalists .
as bertrand russell remarks : ‘ darwinism was an [use] to the whole of animal and vegetable life of malthus 's theory of population , which was an integral part of the politics and economics of the benthamites — a global free competition in which victory went to the animals that most resembled successful capitalists .

In the present context , Tylor 's most interesting contribution was his pioneering application of statistics to the analysis of social phenomena .
in the present context , tylor 's most interesting contribution was his pioneering [use] of statistics to the analysis of social phenomena .

CompuServe Inc 's Tampa , Florida-based Collier-Jackson subsidiary is to integrate and market Cognos Inc 's PowerHouse application development environment with its World Class Series accounting and staff management software .
compuserve inc 's tampa , florida-based collier-jackson subsidiary is to integrate and market cognos inc 's powerhouse [use] development environment with its world class series accounting and staff management software .

Let us now consider more closely the main positive conclusion Moore reaches by application of his two principles , namely that personal affection and the contemplation of beautiful objects are by far the two most important good things of which we know .
let us now consider more closely the main positive conclusion moore reaches by [use] of his two principles , namely that personal affection and the contemplation of beautiful objects are by far the two most important good things of which we know .

It also adds zoom in screens , automatic application launch and remote restart : it costs $ 30 for a single user license or $ 3,000 for 10 .
it also adds zoom in screens , automatic [use] launch and remote restart : it costs $ 30 for a single user license or $ 3,000 for 10 .

It kept the Navigation Acts up to date , but under Walpole 's premiership in the 1720s and 1730s it passed so little legislation of any general application even within Britain that it was quite natural for it to do nothing about the colonies .
it kept the navigation acts up to date , but under walpole 's premiership in the 1720s and 1730s it passed so little legislation of any general [use] even within britain that it was quite natural for it to do nothing about the colonies .

Irvine , California-based Caseware Inc has introduced Caseware/PT , an application problem tracking system : it costs $3,500 .
irvine , california-based caseware inc has introduced caseware/pt , an [use] problem tracking system : it costs $3,500 .

Irvine , California-based , Rainbow Technologies Inc has launched MicroSentinel/UX , an execution control device that allows developers to control the distribution and access to their software programmes without interfering with the application .
irvine , california-based , rainbow technologies inc has launched microsentinel/ux , an execution control device that allows developers to control the distribution and access to their software programmes without interfering with the [use] .

Vmark Software Inc is to port its uniVerse application development environment to the Novell Inc NetWare-ready Unix implementation .
vmark software inc is to port its universe [use] development environment to the novell inc netware-ready unix implementation .

The ability to break individual applications down into separate tasks — as long as the software is written in a suitably modular fashion — is known as application multi-threading , and will be supported in the next release of Solaris 2. x , according to Watkins .
the ability to break individual applications down into separate tasks — as long as the software is written in a suitably modular fashion — is known as [use] multi-threading , and will be supported in the next release of solaris 2. x , according to watkins .

The planning application was turned down after residents complained about the probability of noise , smoke and smell from standing locomotives in the platform .
the planning [use] was turned down after residents complained about the probability of noise , smoke and smell from standing locomotives in the platform .

The planning application is to be re-submitted .
the planning [use] is to be re-submitted .

One idea being presently mooted , is the application of the Lydney Coat of Arms .
one idea being presently mooted , is the [use] of the lydney coat of arms .

Many special events are arranged through the year , and a full programme is available at the Centre , or by application by post or telephone .
many special events are arranged through the year , and a full programme is available at the centre , or by [use] by post or telephone .

If you would like to combine gracious living with an exciting job then your application to Humberside would be most welcome .
if you would like to combine gracious living with an exciting job then your [use] to humberside would be most welcome .

Closing date for return of completed application forms is 14 April 1990 .
closing date for return of completed [use] forms is 14 april 1990 .

• Establish effective collaboration with other centres of excellence for research on mechanisms of resistance and application of biotechnology to plant disease management .
• establish effective collaboration with other centres of excellence for research on mechanisms of resistance and [use] of biotechnology to plant disease management .

The deadline for applications for the 1991–92 cycle is 1 November 1990 . For information and/or the 1991–92 application forms , please contact :
the deadline for applications for the 1991–92 cycle is 1 november 1990 . for information and/or the 1991–92 [use] forms , please contact :

Application forms ( returnable by 7 March 1991 ) from the Personnel Office , University of Warwick .
[use] forms ( returnable by 7 march 1991 ) from the personnel office , university of warwick .

We wish to appoint a recent PhD graduate for a term of 3 years to undertake research in the development of generic techniques and artificial intelligence for expert systems and intelligent optimisation of systems and processes with broad application to design , planning and operation of engineering systems and facilities , including construction robotics .
we wish to appoint a recent phd graduate for a term of 3 years to undertake research in the development of generic techniques and artificial intelligence for expert systems and intelligent optimisation of systems and processes with broad [use] to design , planning and operation of engineering systems and facilities , including construction robotics .

Preference will be given to candidates who have research interest in the area of optical information processing for industrial application .
preference will be given to candidates who have research interest in the area of optical information processing for industrial [use] .

Investigating the operational aspects of lithium batteries will be an important aspect of your work which will also include assessing other power sources with potential for wider application in domestic gas systems .
investigating the operational aspects of lithium batteries will be an important aspect of your work which will also include assessing other power sources with potential for wider [use] in domestic gas systems .

For further details and an application forms ( to be returned by 1 March 1991 ) write to Civil Service Commission , Alencon Link , Basingstoke ( answering service operates outside office hours ) .
for further details and an [use] forms ( to be returned by 1 march 1991 ) write to civil service commission , alencon link , basingstoke ( answering service operates outside office hours ) .

Applications are invited from postgraduate or postdoctoral scientists to join a project on the application of the polymerase chain reaction to leprosy .
applications are invited from postgraduate or postdoctoral scientists to join a project on the [use] of the polymerase chain reaction to leprosy .

You should have a PhD in Biochemistry or have relevant practical experience , and possess a keen interest in the application of specific enzymes and receptors .
you should have a phd in biochemistry or have relevant practical experience , and possess a keen interest in the [use] of specific enzymes and receptors .

For such pupils , the application of reduction can be more useful than magnification .
for such pupils , the [use] of reduction can be more useful than magnification .

‘ Have you filed a departure flight application ? ’
‘ have you filed a departure flight [use] ? ’

‘ Have you filed notice of that application , Captain Jute ? ’
‘ have you filed notice of that [use] , captain jute ? ’

Effort and application were not needed in the first instance and did not come easily when the need arose .
effort and [use] were not needed in the first instance and did not come easily when the need arose .

Perhaps over confident , his application to the first set seemed to lack the determination he had applied in their previous meetings and as the first set ebbed away 6–3 , Wilkinson found difficulty getting his game together in a slipping match .
perhaps over confident , his [use] to the first set seemed to lack the determination he had applied in their previous meetings and as the first set ebbed away 6–3 , wilkinson found difficulty getting his game together in a slipping match .

The application of the lashes had been postponed until after the holy month of Ramadan , which in Saudi Arabia ended on 2 April .
the [use] of the lashes had been postponed until after the holy month of ramadan , which in saudi arabia ended on 2 april .

In this volume , he argues against ‘ essentialism ’ , by which he means the application of a cross-culturally applicable definition based on some ‘ essence ’ of aggression which then can be ‘ employed to ‘ read off ’ the nature of acts ’ .
in this volume , he argues against ‘ essentialism ’ , by which he means the [use] of a cross-culturally applicable definition based on some ‘ essence ’ of aggression which then can be ‘ employed to ‘ read off ’ the nature of acts ’ .

The institutional manifestation of non-intervention was the Non-Intervention Committee , set up in London in September 1936 to supervise the application of a principle observed by the democracies and by smaller European countries but openly flouted by Europe 's three most powerful dictatorships .
the institutional manifestation of non-intervention was the non-intervention committee , set up in london in september 1936 to supervise the [use] of a principle observed by the democracies and by smaller european countries but openly flouted by europe 's three most powerful dictatorships .

During the 1930s the words ‘ fascism ’ and ‘ fascist ’ were so much in vogue as to make inevitable their widespread application to the Nationalist cause and the emergent Franco regime .
during the 1930s the words ‘ fascism ’ and ‘ fascist ’ were so much in vogue as to make inevitable their widespread [use] to the nationalist cause and the emergent franco regime .

Was n't the original idea to look again at the application of science and technology to policing ?
was n't the original idea to look again at the [use] of science and technology to policing ?

By the application of good marine logic — tasting the water and finding it salty , then making sure the ebb — and flood-tides were of equal strength ( both tests which argued against this body of water being a river ) they realized that they had , indeed , discovered the way through .
by the [use] of good marine logic — tasting the water and finding it salty , then making sure the ebb — and flood-tides were of equal strength ( both tests which argued against this body of water being a river ) they realized that they had , indeed , discovered the way through .

This care manager would be the person ‘ in charge ’ in the community , working closely with the client 's family so as , for example , to arrange appropriate day care , liaise with the housing department on an application for a flat , keep in contact with the community psychiatric nurse about the client 's mental state and need for medication , and so on .
this care manager would be the person ‘ in charge ’ in the community , working closely with the client 's family so as , for example , to arrange appropriate day care , liaise with the housing department on an [use] for a flat , keep in contact with the community psychiatric nurse about the client 's mental state and need for medication , and so on .

Irrespective of which method is used , full details of the sub-contractor 's background , including employment history , should be obtained by a requirement either to complete an application form or to attend an interview .
irrespective of which method is used , full details of the sub-contractor 's background , including employment history , should be obtained by a requirement either to complete an [use] form or to attend an interview .

Outline planning application procedures provide both vendors and prospective purchasers with the opportunity to establish whether permission to develop land will be granted , without incurring the cost of preparing detailed plans .
outline planning [use] procedures provide both vendors and prospective purchasers with the opportunity to establish whether permission to develop land will be granted , without incurring the cost of preparing detailed plans .

The approval once obtained will expire within a period of three years , unless a detailed planning application is submitted to the local planning authority .
the approval once obtained will expire within a period of three years , unless a detailed planning [use] is submitted to the local planning authority .

If work is not commenced within this five-year period , a fresh application with the associated risk of refusal will have to be made .
if work is not commenced within this five-year period , a fresh [use] with the associated risk of refusal will have to be made .

Where the application has been submitted by an estate agent or other agent acting on behalf of the vendor , a direct approach at this early stage may give the developer ’ the edge ’ ( a slight advantage in any later sale or disposal arrangements ) .
where the [use] has been submitted by an estate agent or other agent acting on behalf of the vendor , a direct approach at this early stage may give the developer ’ the edge ’ ( a slight advantage in any later sale or disposal arrangements ) .

Developers , before any planning application is made , sometimes create bad relationships With the local planning authority by clearing sites , ignoring tree preservation orders and demolishing listed buildings .
developers , before any planning [use] is made , sometimes create bad relationships with the local planning authority by clearing sites , ignoring tree preservation orders and demolishing listed buildings .

The site may only be viable if adjoining land is included and in fact the planning authority may insist that only a comprehensive planning application will be considered .
the site may only be viable if adjoining land is included and in fact the planning authority may insist that only a comprehensive planning [use] will be considered .

It will be apparent from even a cursory glance at the preceding chapter that with relative ease , and often with no lack of management application , an apparently valuable asset can rapidly revert to a financial liability .
it will be apparent from even a cursory glance at the preceding chapter that with relative ease , and often with no lack of management [use] , an apparently valuable asset can rapidly revert to a financial liability .

She saw Ross Aldridge , whom she knew slightly from when he 'd processed her shotgun licence application , and wondered for a moment if the rumour was true about how he and his wife had moved to the area a few months after their baby had died .
she saw ross aldridge , whom she knew slightly from when he 'd processed her shotgun licence [use] , and wondered for a moment if the rumour was true about how he and his wife had moved to the area a few months after their baby had died .

Original or not , the application of such concepts under the Gorbachev leadership brought considerable rewards from the point of view of Soviet interests .
original or not , the [use] of such concepts under the gorbachev leadership brought considerable rewards from the point of view of soviet interests .

The following week , an application was made to the county Sunday League by the breakaway quintet and friends as the rival Mitchley Borough .
the following week , an [use] was made to the county sunday league by the breakaway quintet and friends as the rival mitchley borough .

During that period of Swedish football , you could get in the national squad by postal application .
during that period of swedish football , you could get in the national squad by postal [use] .

For , if he decides that the wooden hut is a building , he is in effect adding an interpretation clause to the statute which gives ‘ building ’ an extended application ; whereas if he decides that the hut is not a building , he adds a clause to the statute which gives it a narrower meaning .
for , if he decides that the wooden hut is a building , he is in effect adding an interpretation clause to the statute which gives ‘ building ’ an extended [use] ; whereas if he decides that the hut is not a building , he adds a clause to the statute which gives it a narrower meaning .

‘ At a time when more and more cases involve the application of legislation which gives effect to policies that are the subject or bitter public and parliamentary controversy , it can not be too strongly emphasised that the British constitution , though largely unwritten , is firmly based upon the separation of powers ; Parliament makes the laws , the judiciary interpret them .
‘ at a time when more and more cases involve the [use] of legislation which gives effect to policies that are the subject or bitter public and parliamentary controversy , it can not be too strongly emphasised that the british constitution , though largely unwritten , is firmly based upon the separation of powers ; parliament makes the laws , the judiciary interpret them .

In its first application , the golden rule allows the court to prefer a sensible meaning to an absurd meaning , where both are linguistically possible .
in its first [use] , the golden rule allows the court to prefer a sensible meaning to an absurd meaning , where both are linguistically possible .

This application of the golden rule does not contradict the literal rule , provided that the absurdity of the particular proposed application of the statute is conceded to be a reason for finding an ambiguity in it .
this [use] of the golden rule does not contradict the literal rule , provided that the absurdity of the particular proposed [use] of the statute is conceded to be a reason for finding an ambiguity in it .

If one accepts the golden rule , this involves rejecting Lord Diplock 's opinion that the inexpediency , injustice or immorality of the proposed application of the statute can not in itself be a reason for finding an ambiguity in the statute .
if one accepts the golden rule , this involves rejecting lord diplock 's opinion that the inexpediency , injustice or immorality of the proposed [use] of the statute can not in itself be a reason for finding an ambiguity in the statute .

’ This proposition may have a useful application in limiting some of the more pedantic rules of interpretation , but it does not exclude the application of a presumption or certain common-sense principles .
’ this proposition may have a useful [use] in limiting some of the more pedantic rules of interpretation , but it does not exclude the [use] of a presumption or certain common-sense principles .

To understand why this happens , we need to begin by looking at what is meant by the term ‘ social class ’ ; its definition and application is subject to considerable debate within sociology .
to understand why this happens , we need to begin by looking at what is meant by the term ‘ social class ’ ; its definition and [use] is subject to considerable debate within sociology .

Bortoni-Ricardo 's account of the sociolinguistic adjustment of rural migrants to Brazlandia , a satellite city of Brasilia , is a particularly interesting and innovative application of the network concept .
bortoni-ricardo 's account of the sociolinguistic adjustment of rural migrants to brazlandia , a satellite city of brasilia , is a particularly interesting and innovative [use] of the network concept .

The traditional approach to statistical analysis is to use one of a range of tools to test for ‘ significance ’ as a means of indicating whether or not an explicitly formulated hypothesis can be upheld ; Fasold ( 1984 , chapter 4 ) discusses the application of this general method in sociolinguistics .
the traditional approach to statistical analysis is to use one of a range of tools to test for ‘ significance ’ as a means of indicating whether or not an explicitly formulated hypothesis can be upheld ; fasold ( 1984 , chapter 4 ) discusses the [use] of this general method in sociolinguistics .

This will emerge from extensive application of a range of exploratory techniques , and such a procedure is particularly important prior to using one of the computer packages designed for confirmatory statistics .
this will emerge from extensive [use] of a range of exploratory techniques , and such a procedure is particularly important prior to using one of the computer packages designed for confirmatory statistics .

We was living in the other house then It might be added that in the Belfast data no instances of these ( in either its pronoun or determiner function ) or of the related form theseuns were found as subjects of singular verbs . However , the semantically and syntactically equivalent item them ( in both pronoun and determiner function ) along with the related form themuns co-occurred freely with singular verbs , apparently favouring the application of the non-standard concord rule :
we was living in the other house then it might be added that in the belfast data no instances of these ( in either its pronoun or determiner function ) or of the related form theseuns were found as subjects of singular verbs . however , the semantically and syntactically equivalent item them ( in both pronoun and determiner function ) along with the related form themuns co-occurred freely with singular verbs , apparently favouring the [use] of the non-standard concord rule :

Kroch and Small ( 1978 ) extend the application of quantitative methods in quite a different way , taking as their data base several hours of talk-show ( phone-in ) conversation from a Philadelphia radio station . Two variables are investigated : presence versus absence of the complementizer that , and particle movement as exemplified in sentences of the following types :
kroch and small ( 1978 ) extend the [use] of quantitative methods in quite a different way , taking as their data base several hours of talk-show ( phone-in ) conversation from a philadelphia radio station . two variables are investigated : presence versus absence of the complementizer that , and particle movement as exemplified in sentences of the following types :

Bell 's application of the methodology of sociolinguistics in real time to an extensive body of written and broadcast data suggests an interesting and practicable way of studying the gradual diffusion of a linguistic change from an identifiable point of influence .
bell 's [use] of the methodology of sociolinguistics in real time to an extensive body of written and broadcast data suggests an interesting and practicable way of studying the gradual diffusion of a linguistic change from an identifiable point of influence .

( 1980 ) point out that statistical classification methods are by their very nature exploratory data-analysis techniques , dependent on the methods used and on a number of arbitrary definitions , and it is therefore inevitable that the results should be seen as a pioneering first attempt , rather than as a polished final product based on the application of well established proven methods .
( 1980 ) point out that statistical classification methods are by their very nature exploratory data-analysis techniques , dependent on the methods used and on a number of arbitrary definitions , and it is therefore inevitable that the results should be seen as a pioneering first attempt , rather than as a polished final product based on the [use] of well established proven methods .

It also failed to deal with the unreasonably short times for notices of claims against carriers ; and it did not reverse the burden of proof that weighed upon the shipper whenever the carrier claimed the application of seemingly valid exculpatory clauses .
it also failed to deal with the unreasonably short times for notices of claims against carriers ; and it did not reverse the burden of proof that weighed upon the shipper whenever the carrier claimed the [use] of seemingly valid exculpatory clauses .

2.4.4.2 Application of One Year Time Bar to Claims for Wrong Delivery
2.4.4.2 [use] of one year time bar to claims for wrong delivery

With the application of the one year time bar to misdelivery of the goods , longer or indefinite term indemnities are no longer necessary .
with the [use] of the one year time bar to misdelivery of the goods , longer or indefinite term indemnities are no longer necessary .

In 1986 the following causes were pressed successfully by the Lords : wider consultation rights for workers in relation to reorganization of the naval dockyards ; local authorities to decide whether tenants should have the right to buy old people 's properties ; abolition of caning in schools ; application of health and safety laws to all buildings used by the national health service .
in 1986 the following causes were pressed successfully by the lords : wider consultation rights for workers in relation to reorganization of the naval dockyards ; local authorities to decide whether tenants should have the right to buy old people 's properties ; abolition of caning in schools ; [use] of health and safety laws to all buildings used by the national health service .

Obviously , too , they are policies which will take years of consistent application before they can bear fruit .
obviously , too , they are policies which will take years of consistent [use] before they can bear fruit .

Lord Ackner spoke of the proposals as involving ‘ at the very least a substantial risk of the destruction of the Bar ’ , of ‘ the myopic application of dogma ’ and much else besides .
lord ackner spoke of the proposals as involving ‘ at the very least a substantial risk of the destruction of the bar ’ , of ‘ the myopic [use] of dogma ’ and much else besides .

The Law Lords unanimously rejected Cheall 's application on the ground that there was no principle of law which prevented the union from relying on its own rules which also bound Cheall .
the law lords unanimously rejected cheall 's [use] on the ground that there was no principle of law which prevented the union from relying on its own rules which also bound cheall .

Where the case is urgent , the application to the court is made ex parte , that is , without the other side being present .
where the case is urgent , the [use] to the court is made ex parte , that is , without the other side being present .

The statute provided that : ‘ The determination by the Commission of any application made to them under this Act shall not be called in question in any court of law .
the statute provided that : ‘ the determination by the commission of any [use] made to them under this act shall not be called in question in any court of law .

This decision is in line with those , like Padfield , where the courts have been willing to limit ministerial discretion on various grounds , some of them relatively new , at least in their present application .
this decision is in line with those , like padfield , where the courts have been willing to limit ministerial discretion on various grounds , some of them relatively new , at least in their present [use] .

The Divisional Court of the Queen 's Bench Division which first heard the action refused Bromley 's application but the Court of Appeal and the House of Lords upheld it and quashed the precept and so the scheme .
the divisional court of the queen 's bench division which first heard the action refused bromley 's [use] but the court of appeal and the house of lords upheld it and quashed the precept and so the scheme .

The doctrine of the fiduciary duty , being judge-made , is capable of extended application as the courts please .
the doctrine of the fiduciary duty , being judge-made , is capable of extended [use] as the courts please .

But two other examples of the application of these restraints are more serious .
but two other examples of the [use] of these restraints are more serious .

In determining what was reasonable , regard might be had to the general housing circumstances prevailing in the local authority to whom the application was made .
in determining what was reasonable , regard might be had to the general housing circumstances prevailing in the local authority to whom the [use] was made .

The fact that the authority disregarded certain factors ( for example , the limited availability of welfare benefits or the poor prospects for employment ) in that country could not ground an application for judicial review as they were not factors which the authority was obliged to take into account .
the fact that the authority disregarded certain factors ( for example , the limited availability of welfare benefits or the poor prospects for employment ) in that country could not ground an [use] for judicial review as they were not factors which the authority was obliged to take into account .

It is a condition of an application for judicial review that the applicant shall have ‘ a sufficient interest ’ in the matter .
it is a condition of an [use] for judicial review that the applicant shall have ‘ a sufficient interest ’ in the matter .

An application to the court for judicial review of the Minister 's decision was not the appropriate means by which the council should seek to ventilate or pursue its differences of opinion with the Minister .
an [use] to the court for judicial review of the minister 's decision was not the appropriate means by which the council should seek to ventilate or pursue its differences of opinion with the minister .

Early studies of the contemporary romance form tended to offer somewhat disbelieving accounts of the readership figures for a fiction in which marriage was invariably offered as the solution for female anxiety ; as in David Margolies ' attempts to do this in his application of the tools of literary criticism to the most consistently successful publishing concern in the world .
early studies of the contemporary romance form tended to offer somewhat disbelieving accounts of the readership figures for a fiction in which marriage was invariably offered as the solution for female anxiety ; as in david margolies ' attempts to do this in his [use] of the tools of literary criticism to the most consistently successful publishing concern in the world .

Still , the application of different principles of design at the two ends could be accounted for in one man 's work : either by supposing that he saw and was overwhelmed by the Theseion mural between designing the east and designing the west ; or , perhaps more convincingly , that he felt a traditional , sculptural style proper to the entrance-front while allowing himself at the back to experiment with a new pictorial interest .
still , the [use] of different principles of design at the two ends could be accounted for in one man 's work : either by supposing that he saw and was overwhelmed by the theseion mural between designing the east and designing the west ; or , perhaps more convincingly , that he felt a traditional , sculptural style proper to the entrance-front while allowing himself at the back to experiment with a new pictorial interest .

The direct application of normal sociological categories can take us much of the way in these relatively explicit , but also relatively local and shifting , cases .
the direct [use] of normal sociological categories can take us much of the way in these relatively explicit , but also relatively local and shifting , cases .

Some farmers , however , did not even attempt this , but preferred to rely upon the application of economic and social discipline alone .
some farmers , however , did not even attempt this , but preferred to rely upon the [use] of economic and social discipline alone .

Both have been accelerated since the war by the widespread application of the internal combustion engine .
both have been accelerated since the war by the widespread [use] of the internal combustion engine .

Pests therefore continue to flourish despite the widespread application of pesticides , although ironically this occurs within the context of a general impoverishment of the wildlife of the countryside .
pests therefore continue to flourish despite the widespread [use] of pesticides , although ironically this occurs within the context of a general impoverishment of the wildlife of the countryside .

Paradoxically the ecological problems deriving from the application of artificial fertilizers are often equally complex and extensive .
paradoxically the ecological problems deriving from the [use] of artificial fertilizers are often equally complex and extensive .

Such research is systematised and operationalised as therapy through the application of bereavement theory , developed as a way of conceptualising normal and ‘ healthy ’ mourning of the loss of a loved one , to disablement :
such research is systematised and operationalised as therapy through the [use] of bereavement theory , developed as a way of conceptualising normal and ‘ healthy ’ mourning of the loss of a loved one , to disablement :

In other words , the relationship between the application of orthofunction and functional improvements may not be a causal one .
in other words , the relationship between the [use] of orthofunction and functional improvements may not be a causal one .

It may well be that factors other than orthofunction are producing these improvements ; factors such as better resourcing , a purposeful environment , the amount of time spent in active learning each day , or the one-to-one relationship with conductors , may be equally or more important than the specific application of the technique of orthofunction itself .
it may well be that factors other than orthofunction are producing these improvements ; factors such as better resourcing , a purposeful environment , the amount of time spent in active learning each day , or the one-to-one relationship with conductors , may be equally or more important than the specific [use] of the technique of orthofunction itself .

Doing so requires great skill , and an integrated and wholly dedicated application of the techniques we know separately as physiotherapy , occupational therapy , educational psychology , speech therapy and teaching .
doing so requires great skill , and an integrated and wholly dedicated [use] of the techniques we know separately as physiotherapy , occupational therapy , educational psychology , speech therapy and teaching .

This technique may have some application where there is a manifest disproportion between the scale of expenditure and any benefit that could possibly result to the business .
this technique may have some [use] where there is a manifest disproportion between the scale of expenditure and any benefit that could possibly result to the business .

The application of these methods of assigning storage positions to records is discussed in detail in this chapter , and reference tables are provided to aid the file designer .
the [use] of these methods of assigning storage positions to records is discussed in detail in this chapter , and reference tables are provided to aid the file designer .

It is equally true that they are not as suitable for a truly mixed sequential-direct application as indexed sequential files .
it is equally true that they are not as suitable for a truly mixed sequential-direct [use] as indexed sequential files .

The file designer will find it worthwhile to examine every direct processing application of an indexed sequential file critically .
the file designer will find it worthwhile to examine every direct processing [use] of an indexed sequential file critically .

On occasions manufacturers ' software is not highly efficient for a given application , and software houses have taken advantage of this to provide alternative packages . The shortcomings focussed on by alternative suppliers a
on occasions manufacturers ' software is not highly efficient for a given [use] , and software houses have taken advantage of this to provide alternative packages . the shortcomings focussed on by alternative suppliers a

Thus , the more suitable the application is for bit-pattern index handling ( small numbers of possible attributes ) , the less suitable it is for inverted file handling .
thus , the more suitable the [use] is for bit-pattern index handling ( small numbers of possible attributes ) , the less suitable it is for inverted file handling .

Give an example of an application that might require multiple-key processing .
give an example of an [use] that might require multiple-key processing .

‘ It 's the improvement-grant application for the slurry lagoon at Home Dairy .
‘ it 's the improvement-grant [use] for the slurry lagoon at home dairy .

The mere recognition of a duty to obey achieves for the government what an overwhelming application of violence would not satisfactorily achieve .
the mere recognition of a duty to obey achieves for the government what an overwhelming [use] of violence would not satisfactorily achieve .

The application of the theory means not only that the executive shall not be the same body as the legislature but that these two bodies shall be isolated from each other , so that the one shall not control the other .
the [use] of the theory means not only that the executive shall not be the same body as the legislature but that these two bodies shall be isolated from each other , so that the one shall not control the other .

Public Acts of Parliament are general in their application ; they govern all cases falling within categories of which the definitions are to be found in the wording of the statute .
public acts of parliament are general in their [use] ; they govern all cases falling within categories of which the definitions are to be found in the wording of the statute .

For , if people and Parliament come to think that the judicial power is to be confined by nothing other than the judge 's sense of what is right ( or , as Selden put it , by the length of the Chancellor 's foot ) , confidence in the judicial system will be replaced by fear of it becoming uncertain and arbitrary in its application .
for , if people and parliament come to think that the judicial power is to be confined by nothing other than the judge 's sense of what is right ( or , as selden put it , by the length of the chancellor 's foot ) , confidence in the judicial system will be replaced by fear of it becoming uncertain and arbitrary in its [use] .

Where … as in a mature legal system , we have a system of rules which includes a rule of recognition so that the status of a rule as a member of the system now depends on whether it satisfies certain criteria provided by the rule of recognition , this brings with it a new application of the word ‘ exist ’ .
where … as in a mature legal system , we have a system of rules which includes a rule of recognition so that the status of a rule as a member of the system now depends on whether it satisfies certain criteria provided by the rule of recognition , this brings with it a new [use] of the word ‘ exist ’ .

Although , therefore , Dicey 's sharp distinction between the application and interpretation of statute suffices for most practical purposes , it ultimately breaks down in the face of changing views of the contours of the political community or of serious threats to the central tenets of liberal democracy .
although , therefore , dicey 's sharp distinction between the [use] and interpretation of statute suffices for most practical purposes , it ultimately breaks down in the face of changing views of the contours of the political community or of serious threats to the central tenets of liberal democracy .

The Music Publishers ' Association has produced a Code of Fair Practice which offers helpful advice as to when church musicians may be permitted to copy without application to the publisher .
the music publishers ' association has produced a code of fair practice which offers helpful advice as to when church musicians may be permitted to copy without [use] to the publisher .

Publishers are often willing to grant permission for the reproduction of music upon written application , or even by a telephone call , supported by a subsequent letter .
publishers are often willing to grant permission for the reproduction of music upon written [use] , or even by a telephone call , supported by a subsequent letter .

Time can be saved by using a standard letter of application .
time can be saved by using a standard letter of [use] .

The criticism was often made by those who disliked the more abstract theoretical work , and who preferred more tangible ideas , which could be shown to have some application :
the criticism was often made by those who disliked the more abstract theoretical work , and who preferred more tangible ideas , which could be shown to have some [use] :

However , the brutal application of the new land collectivisation programme in the north must be ascribed in part to Ho Chi Minh , even though he ceased to be prime Minister in August 1955 .
however , the brutal [use] of the new land collectivisation programme in the north must be ascribed in part to ho chi minh , even though he ceased to be prime minister in august 1955 .

It is of course a plausible pattern in educational terms , particularly in fields where practice involves the application of theory , as is more the case with natural science-based professions .
it is of course a plausible pattern in educational terms , particularly in fields where practice involves the [use] of theory , as is more the case with natural science-based professions .

Higher education clearly has some impact on the ‘ communication ’ and ‘ technological ’ aspects of the culture , the latter particularly through the application of research .
higher education clearly has some impact on the ‘ communication ’ and ‘ technological ’ aspects of the culture , the latter particularly through the [use] of research .

In the analysis of linguistic variation , therefore , we were looking for fine details of variation-variation that shows internal patterning within the speech community , but which may have no social meaning for outsiders — and in the first application for funding it was specified that the research was intended to extend the quantitative methodology to a type of community that had not been studied in this way before .
in the analysis of linguistic variation , therefore , we were looking for fine details of variation-variation that shows internal patterning within the speech community , but which may have no social meaning for outsiders — and in the first [use] for funding it was specified that the research was intended to extend the quantitative methodology to a type of community that had not been studied in this way before .

It consisted of the previous achievements of Taylorism in the application of empirical methods to the study , design and ‘ de-skilling/re-skilling ’ of work ( see Clegg and Dunkerly , 1980 : chs 3 , 11 ) .
it consisted of the previous achievements of taylorism in the [use] of empirical methods to the study , design and ‘ de-skilling/re-skilling ’ of work ( see clegg and dunkerly , 1980 : chs 3 , 11 ) .

In the pyramid of control , according to both the formal theory and the practical application of it in organizational design , authority would reside in individuals by virtue of their incumbency in office and/or their expertise .
in the pyramid of control , according to both the formal theory and the practical [use] of it in organizational design , authority would reside in individuals by virtue of their incumbency in office and/or their expertise .

Systematic comparison can be fostered greatly by the application of a common template with which different ways of achieving organization can be compared .
systematic comparison can be fostered greatly by the [use] of a common template with which different ways of achieving organization can be compared .

Furthermore , the theory of rhetoric can have practical application .
furthermore , the theory of rhetoric can have practical [use] .

The application of such a rule can undoubtedly give rise to difficulties in certain sets of circumstances , but so can the suggested rule that economic loss may be recovered provided it is directly consequential on physical damage .
the [use] of such a rule can undoubtedly give rise to difficulties in certain sets of circumstances , but so can the suggested rule that economic loss may be recovered provided it is directly consequential on physical damage .

The tenor of Lord Roskill 's speech in Junior Books suggests that he intended to develop a principle of general application to cases of pure economic loss caused by negligent acts .
the tenor of lord roskill 's speech in junior books suggests that he intended to develop a principle of general [use] to cases of pure economic loss caused by negligent acts .

On an application for a licence , the applicant will normally attend the court .
on an [use] for a licence , the applicant will normally attend the court .

The application for an administration order is made under s. 9 of the Insolvency Act 1986 , by a petition presented to the court by the company , its directors , or a creditor ( or creditors ) .
the [use] for an administration order is made under s. 9 of the insolvency act 1986 , by a petition presented to the court by the company , its directors , or a creditor ( or creditors ) .

an application to register a charge out of time over assets of the company will normally be refused .
an [use] to register a charge out of time over assets of the company will normally be refused .

From a generalized application , the subject moves towards greater differentiation of surrounding objects , and an increasing specificity of desire .
from a generalized [use] , the subject moves towards greater differentiation of surrounding objects , and an increasing specificity of desire .

Yet although this sub-discipline has from its origins been concerned with the nature of the artefactual world as an element of culture offering insights into that part of social behaviour which is oriented towards the creation and use of objects , the rather particular history of this series of studies has hitherto severely limited its application .
yet although this sub-discipline has from its origins been concerned with the nature of the artefactual world as an element of culture offering insights into that part of social behaviour which is oriented towards the creation and use of objects , the rather particular history of this series of studies has hitherto severely limited its [use] .

The remaining chapters of this book will all be concerned with the potential application to the understanding of mass consumption of the ideas about objectification and material culture so far developed .
the remaining chapters of this book will all be concerned with the potential [use] to the understanding of mass consumption of the ideas about objectification and material culture so far developed .

In a more recent application of this framework , Aglietta ( 1982 ) has explicitly brought out the underlying spatial conception of his theory .
in a more recent [use] of this framework , aglietta ( 1982 ) has explicitly brought out the underlying spatial conception of his theory .

An empirical application of this theoretical framework is the work of Frobel et al .
an empirical [use] of this theoretical framework is the work of frobel et al .

their application at international level ( see Chapter 1 ) ;
their [use] at international level ( see chapter 1 ) ;

Application of Accounting Standards ( SSAPs ) to Local Authorities in England and Wales ( April 1987 ) ;
[use] of accounting standards ( ssaps ) to local authorities in england and wales ( april 1987 ) ;

Application of Accounting Standards ( SSAFs ) to Local Authorities in Great Britain ( July 1990 ) .
[use] of accounting standards ( ssafs ) to local authorities in great britain ( july 1990 ) .

However , as Anthony and Young ( 1984 , p. 4 ) argue , ‘ the basic control concepts are the same in both profit-orientated and nonprofit organizations , but because of the special characteristics of nonprofit organizations , the application of these concepts differs in some important respects ’ .
however , as anthony and young ( 1984 , p. 4 ) argue , ‘ the basic control concepts are the same in both profit-orientated and nonprofit organizations , but because of the special characteristics of nonprofit organizations , the [use] of these concepts differs in some important respects ’ .

The soundness , adequacy and application of internal controls . Internal control can be said to comprise the whole system of controls established by management , in order to :
the soundness , adequacy and [use] of internal controls . internal control can be said to comprise the whole system of controls established by management , in order to :

The scrutiny approach therefore encouraged the intensive application of a fresh mind to an activity .
the scrutiny approach therefore encouraged the intensive [use] of a fresh mind to an activity .

The Treasury , with its provision of guidance to departments on the development and application of output measures and performance indicators .
the treasury , with its provision of guidance to departments on the development and [use] of output measures and performance indicators .

Unfortunately the worst thing about this unsticky adhesive was that , for five years , it had no perceptible application .
unfortunately the worst thing about this unsticky adhesive was that , for five years , it had no perceptible [use] .

Its application in practice shows that it focuses attention on critical issues and highlights areas for management intervention , or not , as the case may be .
its [use] in practice shows that it focuses attention on critical issues and highlights areas for management intervention , or not , as the case may be .

There are also cases where a project includes the whole process , from idea conception to practical application .
there are also cases where a project includes the whole process , from idea conception to practical [use] .

The application of the matrix model for projects with a high degree of novelty , creates a difficult planning situation .
the [use] of the matrix model for projects with a high degree of novelty , creates a difficult planning situation .

Secondly , there is variation in that specialization in terms of technology and its application , with differences in the tools used , the tasks undertaken , the knowledge available , and so on .
secondly , there is variation in that specialization in terms of technology and its [use] , with differences in the tools used , the tasks undertaken , the knowledge available , and so on .

In traditional criminal law much enforcement activity is given to establishing the existence of mens rea , creating the conditions for the application of legally defined blameworthiness , since it is this which is a prerequisite for the imposition of punishment .
in traditional criminal law much enforcement activity is given to establishing the existence of mens rea , creating the conditions for the [use] of legally defined blameworthiness , since it is this which is a prerequisite for the imposition of punishment .

On one level the dilemma is between standards of general and of individualized application .
on one level the dilemma is between standards of general and of individualized [use] .

In most cases the choice of parameters and limits is made by the officer in the field in response to an application from the would-be discharger , a choice which is routinely ratified by senior staff .
in most cases the choice of parameters and limits is made by the officer in the field in response to an [use] from the would-be discharger , a choice which is routinely ratified by senior staff .

Or parameters which provoke the discharger 's concern can be framed leniently , control being assured by the insertion of a much stricter parameter of more general application .
or parameters which provoke the discharger 's concern can be framed leniently , control being assured by the insertion of a much stricter parameter of more general [use] .

Accordingly , the design of standards and the securing of compliance are matters for the dispassionate application of scientifically-derived principles ; and the formal legal process is the primary instrument by which control is to be maintained .
accordingly , the design of standards and the securing of compliance are matters for the dispassionate [use] of scientifically-derived principles ; and the formal legal process is the primary instrument by which control is to be maintained .

For them pollution control is less the application of scientifically-determined standards , more the art of managing personal relationships , ‘ a public relations exercise ’ .
for them pollution control is less the [use] of scientifically-determined standards , more the art of managing personal relationships , ‘ a public relations exercise ’ .

Fieldwork , nevertheless , involves the routine application of a wide range of technical and scientific knowledge .
fieldwork , nevertheless , involves the routine [use] of a wide range of technical and scientific knowledge .

Knowledge of the law relating to control of water pollution , beyond a broad conception of the pollution offences , however , is regarded as unimportant and is claimed by only a small minority of field men , because the job is done ‘ by experience ’ and the application of rules-of-thumb — not ‘ by the book ’ .
knowledge of the law relating to control of water pollution , beyond a broad conception of the pollution offences , however , is regarded as unimportant and is claimed by only a small minority of field men , because the job is done ‘ by experience ’ and the [use] of rules-of-thumb — not ‘ by the book ’ .

But the real job ( rather than the ideal version articulated by younger men ) is , as we shall see , much less about the application of science and technology to the measurement and control of pollution than the use of negotiating and bargaining skills to secure compliance .
but the real job ( rather than the ideal version articulated by younger men ) is , as we shall see , much less about the [use] of science and technology to the measurement and control of pollution than the use of negotiating and bargaining skills to secure compliance .

Where the application ( or , in one sense , non-application ) of legal rules is concerned , there is an abiding concern for a notion of consistency of treatment .
where the [use] ( or , in one sense , non-application ) of legal rules is concerned , there is an abiding concern for a notion of consistency of treatment .

Many instances of abnormality fall clearly into one or other of the four types ; but , equally , there are certain uncertainties of application .
many instances of abnormality fall clearly into one or other of the four types ; but , equally , there are certain uncertainties of [use] .

Under certain conditions , the application of certain terms must be maximised within the current universe of discourse , even at the expense of oddness .
under certain conditions , the [use] of certain terms must be maximised within the current universe of discourse , even at the expense of oddness .

This dictum is more familiar in its application to grammar .
this dictum is more familiar in its [use] to grammar .

However , while the logical principles are straightforward , the application to natural language is not quite so straightforward , because the crucial factors — negatives , conditionality , etc .
however , while the logical principles are straightforward , the [use] to natural language is not quite so straightforward , because the crucial factors — negatives , conditionality , etc .

This means that whatever disc application is being run , the basic search and retrievable functionality remains the same .
this means that whatever disc [use] is being run , the basic search and retrievable functionality remains the same .

If the power is accidentally turned off in use or the power source runs out , the user 's place is kept automatically in whatever application is running at the time .
if the power is accidentally turned off in use or the power source runs out , the user 's place is kept automatically in whatever [use] is running at the time .

Sociology and anthropology were the application of these principles to understanding how people behave .
sociology and anthropology were the [use] of these principles to understanding how people behave .

Neither the novel nor the house , however , treat Gothic as more than a superficial application to values that remain essentially Palladian .
neither the novel nor the house , however , treat gothic as more than a superficial [use] to values that remain essentially palladian .

The application of economic management systems to public services
the [use] of economic management systems to public services

Zero-based budgeting , cost-benefit analysis , management by objectives — the application of management techniques which demand the assessment of highly operationalised programme goals as a guide to financial allocations ;
zero-based budgeting , cost-benefit analysis , management by objectives — the [use] of management techniques which demand the assessment of highly operationalised programme goals as a guide to financial allocations ;

Firstly , many innovations are school-wide in their application and can not be implemented at all unless a number of teachers , perhaps even the entire staff of a school , both agree to , and become committed to , their implementation .
firstly , many innovations are school-wide in their [use] and can not be implemented at all unless a number of teachers , perhaps even the entire staff of a school , both agree to , and become committed to , their implementation .

Not until the application of water-power to machinery , and a consequent great increase in the size of machines , do we begin to see the large factory as an element in the landscape .
not until the [use] of water-power to machinery , and a consequent great increase in the size of machines , do we begin to see the large factory as an element in the landscape .

The problem here is their application as practical models for understanding and tackling racism .
the problem here is their [use] as practical models for understanding and tackling racism .

This legislation is given legal effect upon subjects by virtue of judicial decision , and it is the function of the courts to say what the application of the words used to particular cases or individuals is to be .
this legislation is given legal effect upon subjects by virtue of judicial decision , and it is the function of the courts to say what the [use] of the words used to particular cases or individuals is to be .

‘ to provide the laws under which the object of his charity was to be governed and to be sole judge of the interpretation and application of those laws either by himself or by such person as he should appoint as a visitor … ’
‘ to provide the laws under which the object of his charity was to be governed and to be sole judge of the interpretation and [use] of those laws either by himself or by such person as he should appoint as a visitor … ’

In my judgment this review of the authorities demonstrates that for over 300 years the law has been clearly established that the visitor of an eleemosynary charity has an exclusive jurisdiction to determine what are the internal laws of the charity and the proper application of those laws to those within his jurisdiction .
in my judgment this review of the authorities demonstrates that for over 300 years the law has been clearly established that the visitor of an eleemosynary charity has an exclusive jurisdiction to determine what are the internal laws of the charity and the proper [use] of those laws to those within his jurisdiction .

It is her case that the university has failed either in the proper interpretation of its statutes or in their proper application .
it is her case that the university has failed either in the proper interpretation of its statutes or in their proper [use] .

The type of drawing ( or `` language `` used ) again depends on the particular application .
the type of drawing ( or `` language `` used ) again depends on the particular [use] .

It is thus not surprising that , to many people , design means the application of high level analysis programs such as finite-element structural analysis and automatic circuit analysis programs .
it is thus not surprising that , to many people , design means the [use] of high level analysis programs such as finite-element structural analysis and automatic circuit analysis programs .

This is a natural consequence of machine tool design in which metal removal operations are performed by the application of discrete surface generation techniques .
this is a natural consequence of machine tool design in which metal removal operations are performed by the [use] of discrete surface generation techniques .

It is this procedure , described in Chapter 6 on the application of the hierarchical engineering records management system , that can be used to control and manage the design process .
it is this procedure , described in chapter 6 on the [use] of the hierarchical engineering records management system , that can be used to control and manage the design process .

The application of this approach to the spatial representation of common objects is illustrated in the following two examples .
the [use] of this approach to the spatial representation of common objects is illustrated in the following two examples .

The condition , that allows the application of attributes solely to assemblies , provides a mechanism whereby a simplification in the relationships may be applied both at any early or late stage in a design .
the condition , that allows the [use] of attributes solely to assemblies , provides a mechanism whereby a simplification in the relationships may be applied both at any early or late stage in a design .

In a conventional non-data base system , each distinct application maintains its own files , often with considerable redundancy .
in a conventional non-data base system , each distinct [use] maintains its own files , often with considerable redundancy .

Each has its own advantages and disadvantages and have thus found their own areas of application .
each has its own advantages and disadvantages and have thus found their own areas of [use] .

The application of these concepts is best illustrated with typical problems encountered in mechanical engineering design .
the [use] of these concepts is best illustrated with typical problems encountered in mechanical engineering design .

Application Examples
[use] examples

Technique is being so practised in the application of a method that there is a smooth and fast action , and results are immediate .
technique is being so practised in the [use] of a method that there is a smooth and fast action , and results are immediate .

This is simply one illustration of the technique of association , but the technique is suitable for wider application .
this is simply one illustration of the technique of association , but the technique is suitable for wider [use] .

This book has been written to provide you , the reader , with the means of gaining a sound , basic understanding of number and its application in life today .
this book has been written to provide you , the reader , with the means of gaining a sound , basic understanding of number and its [use] in life today .

On 28 January 1992 District Judge Harris sitting in the Liverpool County Court granted the debtor 's application to set aside a statutory demand dated 15 August 1991 which had been served on the debtor on 21 August 1991 by the creditors , Marshalls , a firm of solicitors , in respect of their unpaid bill of 31 July 1991 , and dismissed the bankruptcy petition founded on that demand , which had been issued on 20 September 1991 , on the basis that the service of the statutory demand had contravened section 69(1) of the Solicitors Act 1974 .
on 28 january 1992 district judge harris sitting in the liverpool county court granted the debtor 's [use] to set aside a statutory demand dated 15 august 1991 which had been served on the debtor on 21 august 1991 by the creditors , marshalls , a firm of solicitors , in respect of their unpaid bill of 31 july 1991 , and dismissed the bankruptcy petition founded on that demand , which had been issued on 20 september 1991 , on the basis that the service of the statutory demand had contravened section 69(1) of the solicitors act 1974 .

‘ The court may grant the application if — ( a ) the debtor appears to have a counterclaim , set-off or cross demand which equals or exceeds the amount of the debt or debts specified in the statutory demand ; or ( b ) the debt is disputed on grounds which appear to the court to be substantial ; or … ( d ) the court is satisfied , on other grounds , that the demand ought to be set aside .
‘ the court may grant the [use] if — ( a ) the debtor appears to have a counterclaim , set-off or cross demand which equals or exceeds the amount of the debt or debts specified in the statutory demand ; or ( b ) the debt is disputed on grounds which appear to the court to be substantial ; or … ( d ) the court is satisfied , on other grounds , that the demand ought to be set aside .

So service of a demand may force the client to make an application to the court before the expiration of the intended one month breathing space .
so service of a demand may force the client to make an [use] to the court before the expiration of the intended one month breathing space .

First , it was not sensible to launch an application for inspection of the liquidator 's report or to seek for that purpose an adjournment of the examination being conducted under section 236 of the Insolvency Act 1986 .
first , it was not sensible to launch an [use] for inspection of the liquidator 's report or to seek for that purpose an adjournment of the examination being conducted under section 236 of the insolvency act 1986 .

The application of Gauss 's law ( eqn ( 2.15 ) ) leads then to .
the [use] of gauss 's law ( eqn ( 2.15 ) ) leads then to .

It appears that the application of Gauss 's law leads much more quickly to the required result .
it appears that the [use] of gauss 's law leads much more quickly to the required result .

The Court of Appeal on application by the Crown on 14 October 1991 granted a certificate under section 1(2) of the Administration of Justice Act 1960 that the following point of law of general public importance was involved in its decision :
the court of appeal on [use] by the crown on 14 october 1991 granted a certificate under section 1(2) of the administration of justice act 1960 that the following point of law of general public importance was involved in its decision :

‘ Secondly , we do not consider that in circumstances such as those alleged in the present case section 2 ( 1 ) ( b ) has any application ; nor that it can provide the basis for any defence .
‘ secondly , we do not consider that in circumstances such as those alleged in the present case section 2 ( 1 ) ( b ) has any [use] ; nor that it can provide the basis for any defence .

Statement of source and application of funds
statement of source and [use] of funds

Where the accounts are those of a group , the statement of source and application of funds should reflect the operations of the group .
where the accounts are those of a group , the statement of source and [use] of funds should reflect the operations of the group .

Consolidated statement of source and application of funds for the year ended 31st March 1991
consolidated statement of source and [use] of funds for the year ended 31st march 1991

source and application respectively of such transfers
source and [use] respectively of such transfers

Reference should be made to the source and application of funds statement in the opinion paragraph .
reference should be made to the source and [use] of funds statement in the opinion paragraph .

In our opinion , the financial statements give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the company and the group at 31st March 1991 and of the profit and source and application of funds of the group for the year then ended and have been properly prepared in accordance with the Companies Act 1985 .
in our opinion , the financial statements give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the company and the group at 31st march 1991 and of the profit and source and [use] of funds of the group for the year then ended and have been properly prepared in accordance with the companies act 1985 .

Statement of source and application of funds for the year ended 31st March 1991
statement of source and [use] of funds for the year ended 31st march 1991

source and application of such transfers
source and [use] of such transfers

Reference should be made to the source and application of funds statement in the opinion paragraph .
reference should be made to the source and [use] of funds statement in the opinion paragraph .

In our opinion , the financial statements give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the company at 31st March 1991 and of its profit and source and application of funds for the year then ended and have been properly prepared in accordance with the Companies Act 1985 .
in our opinion , the financial statements give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the company at 31st march 1991 and of its profit and source and [use] of funds for the year then ended and have been properly prepared in accordance with the companies act 1985 .

In our opinion the financial statements give a true and fair view of the state of the company 's affairs at 31st March 1991 and of its profit and source and application of funds for the year then ended and have been properly prepared in accordance with the Companies Act 1985 .
in our opinion the financial statements give a true and fair view of the state of the company 's affairs at 31st march 1991 and of its profit and source and [use] of funds for the year then ended and have been properly prepared in accordance with the companies act 1985 .

Herbally-based remedies of old , using parts of plants fresh or dried in simple infusions , poultices or decoctions , have been found to have great health benefits but , though their method of application is simple , their prescribing is not , since they have to be tailored not only to a given malady , but to the person concerned .
herbally-based remedies of old , using parts of plants fresh or dried in simple infusions , poultices or decoctions , have been found to have great health benefits but , though their method of [use] is simple , their prescribing is not , since they have to be tailored not only to a given malady , but to the person concerned .

Women , and men for that matter , had no sources to call upon for improvement of their looks other than plants , and the vast cosmetic industry that we know today has replaced what was probably just as complicated a business two or three thousand years ago , given the great number of plants that have cosmetic application .
women , and men for that matter , had no sources to call upon for improvement of their looks other than plants , and the vast cosmetic industry that we know today has replaced what was probably just as complicated a business two or three thousand years ago , given the great number of plants that have cosmetic [use] .

It has innumerable culinary uses and has some medicinal use — it contains thymol — though the wild species has greater application to health .
it has innumerable culinary uses and has some medicinal use — it contains thymol — though the wild species has greater [use] to health .

The common and despised nettle contains a high proportion of vitamins and minerals and other active substances which give it wide therapeutic application .
the common and despised nettle contains a high proportion of vitamins and minerals and other active substances which give it wide therapeutic [use] .

It was never greatly used in food , even in mediaeval times , but it had considerable medicinal application , and still has , for certain ailments .
it was never greatly used in food , even in mediaeval times , but it had considerable medicinal [use] , and still has , for certain ailments .

The questions may be simple enough not to require the application of the whole process .
the questions may be simple enough not to require the [use] of the whole process .

In December 1989 , we received word from the European Commission that our application had been successful and we were the first tenants group to be awarded £400,000 provided we secured the moral and financial support from our landlord — Glasgow District Council .
in december 1989 , we received word from the european commission that our [use] had been successful and we were the first tenants group to be awarded £400,000 provided we secured the moral and financial support from our landlord — glasgow district council .

The fiscals are lawyers whose first concern is with the proper and fair application of the law .
the fiscals are lawyers whose first concern is with the proper and fair [use] of the law .

Locus standi to argue for a relisting would seemingly not require a fresh certificate as it would not constitute an appeal as such but an application to the House to exercise an inherent jurisdiction to re-open an appeal , analogous to that developed by the Court of Appeal , in order to do justice under the scheme of the Criminal Appeal Act 1968 .
locus standi to argue for a relisting would seemingly not require a fresh certificate as it would not constitute an appeal as such but an [use] to the house to exercise an inherent jurisdiction to re-open an appeal , analogous to that developed by the court of appeal , in order to do justice under the scheme of the criminal appeal act 1968 .

2 ) the Court of Appeal was not , of course , hearing an appeal but an application to relist an appeal .
2 ) the court of appeal was not , of course , hearing an appeal but an [use] to relist an appeal .

On that date , he appeared with the duty solicitor and an application was made under the Magistrates ' Courts Act 1980 , s. 142 to re-open the case so that it could be heard by different justices .
on that date , he appeared with the duty solicitor and an [use] was made under the magistrates ' courts act 1980 , s. 142 to re-open the case so that it could be heard by different justices .

Leave was granted and the trial was ordered to be adjourned until the determination of the application for judicial review .
leave was granted and the trial was ordered to be adjourned until the determination of the [use] for judicial review .

Held , granting the application and quashing the order by the justices , save in exceptional circumstances , court proceedings took place in public and the press were free to report .
held , granting the [use] and quashing the order by the justices , save in exceptional circumstances , court proceedings took place in public and the press were free to report .

’ The section does not of itself confer a power to withhold information in the proceedings themselves , but an application under the section necessarily raises the question of whether it is proper to do so .
’ the section does not of itself confer a power to withhold information in the proceedings themselves , but an [use] under the section necessarily raises the question of whether it is proper to do so .

It is not obvious why the Court was concerned with the possible application of Magistrates ' Courts Act 1980 , s.133 to the activation of the suspended sentence in this case ( although it concluded that it did not apply in any event ) .
it is not obvious why the court was concerned with the possible [use] of magistrates ' courts act 1980 , s.133 to the activation of the suspended sentence in this case ( although it concluded that it did not apply in any event ) .

The position is the same if the offender is committed for some offences under Magistrates ' Courts Act 1980 , s.38 and for some under Criminal Justice Act 1967 , s.56 ; the restrictions in Magistrates ' Courts Act 1980 , s.133 have no application to the offences subject to committal under section 38 , as the Crown Court can sentence for those offences as if the offender has just been convicted of them on indictment , but do apply to the offences committed under section 56 .
the position is the same if the offender is committed for some offences under magistrates ' courts act 1980 , s.38 and for some under criminal justice act 1967 , s.56 ; the restrictions in magistrates ' courts act 1980 , s.133 have no [use] to the offences subject to committal under section 38 , as the crown court can sentence for those offences as if the offender has just been convicted of them on indictment , but do apply to the offences committed under section 56 .

It would be wrong to treat this case as a decision on the application of section 6. which was clearly not in the court 's contemplation , but it may be permissible to comment that if an offence of this kind is to be held to be sufficiently serious to justify a substantial community service order , the scheme of the Act , with its albeit clumsy attempt to raise the public perception of the severity of community sentences , seems destined to failure .
it would be wrong to treat this case as a decision on the [use] of section 6. which was clearly not in the court 's contemplation , but it may be permissible to comment that if an offence of this kind is to be held to be sufficiently serious to justify a substantial community service order , the scheme of the act , with its albeit clumsy attempt to raise the public perception of the severity of community sentences , seems destined to failure .

On the prosecution 's application for judicial review , on the questions whether , in proceedings under section 7(5) , a hearing before two or more justices was required by virtue of section 121 of the Magistrates ' Courts Act 1980 , whether formal evidence was required to be adduced , and whether there was power to adjourn the proceedings : —
on the prosecution 's [use] for judicial review , on the questions whether , in proceedings under section 7(5) , a hearing before two or more justices was required by virtue of section 121 of the magistrates ' courts act 1980 , whether formal evidence was required to be adduced , and whether there was power to adjourn the proceedings : —

It is also our view that a full bail application followed ( if appropriate ) by a full hearing certificate should be made and not just a hearing limited to whether there has been a breach or not .
it is also our view that a full bail [use] followed ( if appropriate ) by a full hearing certificate should be made and not just a hearing limited to whether there has been a breach or not .

The Director of Public Prosecutions brings this application for judicial review of these decisions of the single justice on Friday , 16 February ; the first , declining to deal with the issue of the alleged breach of bail condition by Mr. Bell on the ground that that issue could not be resolved by a single justice of the peace but required a court consisting of at least two justices , and the second , to adjourn the hearing of the alleged breach of condition to a court sitting on Monday , 19 February , and to remand Mr. Bell in custody in the intervening period .
the director of public prosecutions brings this [use] for judicial review of these decisions of the single justice on friday , 16 february ; the first , declining to deal with the issue of the alleged breach of bail condition by mr. bell on the ground that that issue could not be resolved by a single justice of the peace but required a court consisting of at least two justices , and the second , to adjourn the hearing of the alleged breach of condition to a court sitting on monday , 19 february , and to remand mr. bell in custody in the intervening period .

‘ ( 1 ) strict rules of evidence were inherently inappropriate in a court concerned to decide whether there were substantial grounds for believing something , such as a court considering an application under the Bail Act 1976 ; ( 2 ) when considering an opposed application for bail justices were bound to investigate an alleged change of circumstance but where they erred by refusing so to do their subsequent order was not rendered void , although a court with appropriate jurisdiction could interfere to set it aside .
‘ ( 1 ) strict rules of evidence were inherently inappropriate in a court concerned to decide whether there were substantial grounds for believing something , such as a court considering an [use] under the bail act 1976 ; ( 2 ) when considering an opposed [use] for bail justices were bound to investigate an alleged change of circumstance but where they erred by refusing so to do their subsequent order was not rendered void , although a court with appropriate jurisdiction could interfere to set it aside .

Accordingly , a writ of habeas corpus could not issue ; the appropriate remedy was an application for bail before a judge in chambers .
accordingly , a writ of habeas corpus could not issue ; the appropriate remedy was an [use] for bail before a judge in chambers .

If the justice forms the opinion that section 7 ( 5 ) ( a ) or ( b ) is applicable , then the matter can be tested if the defendant is dissatisfied with the order made by the justice by a fresh application for bail .
if the justice forms the opinion that section 7 ( 5 ) ( a ) or ( b ) is applicable , then the matter can be tested if the defendant is dissatisfied with the order made by the justice by a fresh [use] for bail .

Auguste Comte ( 1798–1857 ) , who is credited with inventing the term sociology and regarded as one of the founders of the discipline , maintained that the application of the methods and assumptions of the natural sciences would produce a ‘ positive science of society ’ .
auguste comte ( 1798–1857 ) , who is credited with inventing the term sociology and regarded as one of the founders of the discipline , maintained that the [use] of the methods and assumptions of the natural sciences would produce a ‘ positive science of society ’ .

The work , if confirmed , could eventually lead to clinical application in the treatment of aplastic anaemia and malignancy .
the work , if confirmed , could eventually lead to clinical [use] in the treatment of aplastic anaemia and malignancy .

They must be vigilant , informed and directly involved in decisions about the development and application of science .
they must be vigilant , informed and directly involved in decisions about the development and [use] of science .

The Court of Appeal dismissed the application , holding that the judgment was interlocutory and the petitioner was not entitled to appeal as of right under rule 2 ( a ) of the New Zealand ( Appeals to the Privy Council ) Order 1910 , as amended .
the court of appeal dismissed the [use] , holding that the judgment was interlocutory and the petitioner was not entitled to appeal as of right under rule 2 ( a ) of the new zealand ( appeals to the privy council ) order 1910 , as amended .

On the petitioner 's application for special leave to appeal to the Judicial Committee : —
on the petitioner 's [use] for special leave to appeal to the judicial committee : —

Counsel in support of the application this morning has not been able to say that that claim or allegation has been abandoned .
counsel in support of the [use] this morning has not been able to say that that claim or allegation has been abandoned .

( 4 ) Where the arrangements for the admission of pupils to a school maintained by a local education authority provide for applications for admission to be made to , or to a person acting on behalf of , the governors of the school , a parent who makes such an application shall be regarded for the purposes of subsection ( 2 ) above as having expressed a preference for that school in accordance with arrangements made under subsection ( 1 ) above .
( 4 ) where the arrangements for the admission of pupils to a school maintained by a local education authority provide for applications for admission to be made to , or to a person acting on behalf of , the governors of the school , a parent who makes such an [use] shall be regarded for the purposes of subsection ( 2 ) above as having expressed a preference for that school in accordance with arrangements made under subsection ( 1 ) above .

’ This was done and you were able to see this before making your initial application .
’ this was done and you were able to see this before making your initial [use] .

For instance , from the very inception of the Copernican programme it was clear that adequate mathematical techniques for manipulating epicyclic motions , improved techniques for astronomical observations and adequate theories governing the use of a variety of instruments were necessary for the elaboration and detailed application of the programme .
for instance , from the very inception of the copernican programme it was clear that adequate mathematical techniques for manipulating epicyclic motions , improved techniques for astronomical observations and adequate theories governing the use of a variety of instruments were necessary for the elaboration and detailed [use] of the programme .

The application of the Newtonian paradigm in astronomy involves the use of a variety of approved kinds of telescope , together with techniques for their use and a variety of techniques for the correction of the data collected with their aid .
the [use] of the newtonian paradigm in astronomy involves the use of a variety of approved kinds of telescope , together with techniques for their use and a variety of techniques for the correction of the data collected with their aid .

Here we have a maritime application of the same principle which , by land , determined Corinth 's attitude to Athens and Megara ; Corinth 's policy was to strengthen whichever of Athens or Aigina looked the weaker , so as to prevent the stronger from controlling the Saronic Gulf .
here we have a maritime [use] of the same principle which , by land , determined corinth 's attitude to athens and megara ; corinth 's policy was to strengthen whichever of athens or aigina looked the weaker , so as to prevent the stronger from controlling the saronic gulf .

These aims were to be advanced through the twin application of development plans and development control powers .
these aims were to be advanced through the twin [use] of development plans and development control powers .

They observe that application rates were greatest in an area such as east Devon , which is also mostly protected .
they observe that [use] rates were greatest in an area such as east devon , which is also mostly protected .

However , it should be noted that Blacksell and Gilg ( 1981 , p. 143 ) consider that ‘ in many respects , whether or not an application is granted or refused is less important than the safeguards that are attached to any permission .
however , it should be noted that blacksell and gilg ( 1981 , p. 143 ) consider that ‘ in many respects , whether or not an [use] is granted or refused is less important than the safeguards that are attached to any permission .

These mostly involved piecemeal or rounding-off development in existing settlements or small groups of houses , but it nevertheless indicates a surprising flexibility in the application of policy even in those areas where one would expect the policy to be strongly applied .
these mostly involved piecemeal or rounding-off development in existing settlements or small groups of houses , but it nevertheless indicates a surprising flexibility in the [use] of policy even in those areas where one would expect the policy to be strongly applied .

The developer ( public or private ) or the architect takes the lead in suggesting densities , house styles , building materials , estate size and layout ; planners play a fairly passive role , approving or refusing the planning application .
the developer ( public or private ) or the architect takes the lead in suggesting densities , house styles , building materials , estate size and layout ; planners play a fairly passive role , approving or refusing the planning [use] .

On the preliminary issue the judge dismissed the application holding that a local authority could sue for libel in respect of its governing or administrative reputation even though no financial loss was pleaded or alleged , that where a local authority instituted proceedings in reliance on section 222(1) of the Local Government Act 1972 it was for the local authority to decide on the expediency of litigating and it was not the court 's function to do so on an application to strike out , and that since the words complained of reflected on the local authority itself in the management and rectitude of its financial affairs , the statement of claim did disclose a cause of action against the defendants .
on the preliminary issue the judge dismissed the [use] holding that a local authority could sue for libel in respect of its governing or administrative reputation even though no financial loss was pleaded or alleged , that where a local authority instituted proceedings in reliance on section 222(1) of the local government act 1972 it was for the local authority to decide on the expediency of litigating and it was not the court 's function to do so on an [use] to strike out , and that since the words complained of reflected on the local authority itself in the management and rectitude of its financial affairs , the statement of claim did disclose a cause of action against the defendants .

It is not a judge 's function on an application to strike out ( post , pp .
it is not a judge 's function on an [use] to strike out ( post , pp .

While this rule depends upon the provisions of the federal and state constitutions , the reasoning has universal application .
while this rule depends upon the provisions of the federal and state constitutions , the reasoning has universal [use] .

It is not a judge 's function on an application to strike out .
it is not a judge 's function on an [use] to strike out .

If the defendants should succeed in such an application , upon the ground that a verdict and judgment for libel in favour of the council , as a local government authority , would constitute a breach of article 10 , it would be for this country to decide whether to leave the law as it would , on that hypothesis , have been declared to be , or to change it to avoid the risk of repetition .
if the defendants should succeed in such an [use] , upon the ground that a verdict and judgment for libel in favour of the council , as a local government authority , would constitute a breach of article 10 , it would be for this country to decide whether to leave the law as it would , on that hypothesis , have been declared to be , or to change it to avoid the risk of repetition .

Mr. Newman has argued that the earlier decisions involved the application of prior restraints and exercise of the discretion of the court , whereas the issue of a writ in libel is the first step in an action which a party has a right to take and consequently is outside the principles enunciated in those cases .
mr. newman has argued that the earlier decisions involved the [use] of prior restraints and exercise of the discretion of the court , whereas the issue of a writ in libel is the first step in an action which a party has a right to take and consequently is outside the principles enunciated in those cases .

Consequently , the threat of libel proceedings has some similarity to the application for an injunction and the observations of the European Court of Human Rights are in my view relevant to this appeal .
consequently , the threat of libel proceedings has some similarity to the [use] for an injunction and the observations of the european court of human rights are in my view relevant to this appeal .

It concerns the inherent power which any court of justice must possess to prevent misuse of its procedure in a way which , although not inconsistent with the literal application of its procedural rules , would nevertheless be manifestly unfair to a party to litigation before it , or would otherwise bring the administration of justice into disrepute among right-thinking people .
it concerns the inherent power which any court of justice must possess to prevent misuse of its procedure in a way which , although not inconsistent with the literal [use] of its procedural rules , would nevertheless be manifestly unfair to a party to litigation before it , or would otherwise bring the administration of justice into disrepute among right-thinking people .

In the event of an unsuccessful application to the Crown Court on such grounds , the appropriate procedure will be for the trial to proceed in accordance with the ruling of the trial judge and , if necessary , the point should be argued as part of any appeal to the Court of Appeal ( Criminal Division ) .
in the event of an unsuccessful [use] to the crown court on such grounds , the appropriate procedure will be for the trial to proceed in accordance with the ruling of the trial judge and , if necessary , the point should be argued as part of any appeal to the court of appeal ( criminal division ) .

An application by the defendants to the High Court in 1990 to discharge the order on the ground that the benefit they obtained from the publication of the book was not a benefit within the meaning of the Criminal Justice Act 1988 was unsuccessful .
an [use] by the defendants to the high court in 1990 to discharge the order on the ground that the benefit they obtained from the publication of the book was not a benefit within the meaning of the criminal justice act 1988 was unsuccessful .

The Queensland legislation is also contract based and permits a court , on application , to make an order that the defendant forfeit an amount equal to all or part of the proceeds received or to be received by him , or by any other person on his behalf from a contract relating to :
the queensland legislation is also contract based and permits a court , on [use] , to make an order that the defendant forfeit an amount equal to all or part of the proceeds received or to be received by him , or by any other person on his behalf from a contract relating to :

The forfeiture of the literary proceeds can be seen as an application of the maxim that an offender should not benefit from his crime , the application of which has , for example , prevented murderers from collecting the proceeds of insurance for the victim 's death or from inheriting under a will .
the forfeiture of the literary proceeds can be seen as an [use] of the maxim that an offender should not benefit from his crime , the [use] of which has , for example , prevented murderers from collecting the proceeds of insurance for the victim 's death or from inheriting under a will .

There appears to be no suggestion of lies or deception nor is there any room for the application of the Ghosh test of dishonesty which applies in the law of theft and related offences .
there appears to be no suggestion of lies or deception nor is there any room for the [use] of the ghosh test of dishonesty which applies in the law of theft and related offences .

It is for the judge alone to determine facts upon which the admissibility of evidence depends and , similarly , it must be for him to satisfy himself as to matters involved in an application to stay because of abuse or , as the judge preferred , ‘ misuse ’ — of process .
it is for the judge alone to determine facts upon which the admissibility of evidence depends and , similarly , it must be for him to satisfy himself as to matters involved in an [use] to stay because of abuse or , as the judge preferred , ‘ misuse ’ — of process .

Counsel for the appellants had attacked this finding because the patient had been an outpatient at a different hospital in the past and a practitioner there could have fulfilled this function ; and he submitted that in any case it was a duty of the hospital managers to find out if it was practicable to obtain the recommendation of a practitioner who had previous acquaintance with the patient : he relied on the form of the question ‘ explain why you could not get a recommendation from a medical practitioner who did know the patient ’ on the hospital admission application form .
counsel for the appellants had attacked this finding because the patient had been an outpatient at a different hospital in the past and a practitioner there could have fulfilled this function ; and he submitted that in any case it was a duty of the hospital managers to find out if it was practicable to obtain the recommendation of a practitioner who had previous acquaintance with the patient : he relied on the form of the question ‘ explain why you could not get a recommendation from a medical practitioner who did know the patient ’ on the hospital admission [use] form .

It therefore followed that the application for admission , made on October 13 , 1988 , remained in force for 28 days under section 2 ( 4 ) of the Act and not merely for 72 hours under section 135 ( 3 ) .
it therefore followed that the [use] for admission , made on october 13 , 1988 , remained in force for 28 days under section 2 ( 4 ) of the act and not merely for 72 hours under section 135 ( 3 ) .

There had been some criticism of the question and answer made by the social worker in support of the hospital admission application form on the question of practicability of getting the recommendation of a practitioner with previous acquaintance with the patient , and those responsible might wish to consider rewording the form so as to direct the social worker 's attention to the question of practicability .
there had been some criticism of the question and answer made by the social worker in support of the hospital admission [use] form on the question of practicability of getting the recommendation of a practitioner with previous acquaintance with the patient , and those responsible might wish to consider rewording the form so as to direct the social worker 's attention to the question of practicability .

No doubt both the Department of Health and the Mental Health Act Commission will take notice of the Court 's opinion that the form for application for admission under section 2 ‘ does not direct the social worker 's attention to the desirability of obtaining a recommendation from a doctor who does know the past history , diagnosis and treatment of the patient and why it has not been practicable to do so .
no doubt both the department of health and the mental health act commission will take notice of the court 's opinion that the form for [use] for admission under section 2 ‘ does not direct the social worker 's attention to the desirability of obtaining a recommendation from a doctor who does know the past history , diagnosis and treatment of the patient and why it has not been practicable to do so .

Held , allowing the application .
held , allowing the [use] .

Held , dismissing the application .
held , dismissing the [use] .

In ‘ Capital ’ Marx wrote that the ‘ immanent laws of capitalist production itself lead to ‘ the growth of the cooperative form of the labour process , the conscious technical application of science … the transformation of the means of labour into forms which can only be used in common , the economising of all means of production by their use as the means of production of combined , socialised labour ’ ( 1976 , p. 929 ) .
in ‘ capital ’ marx wrote that the ‘ immanent laws of capitalist production itself lead to ‘ the growth of the cooperative form of the labour process , the conscious technical [use] of science … the transformation of the means of labour into forms which can only be used in common , the economising of all means of production by their use as the means of production of combined , socialised labour ’ ( 1976 , p. 929 ) .

Deflation put a brake on the much-heralded planned growth ; the application of wage restraint lost the government the support of the union leaders such as Cousins , Scanlon and Jones as well as many union members ; devaluation , as Callaghan pointed out in orotund fashion prior to his resignation as chancellor , involved ‘ a reduction in the wage levels and the real wage standards of every member of the working class of this country ’ .
deflation put a brake on the much-heralded planned growth ; the [use] of wage restraint lost the government the support of the union leaders such as cousins , scanlon and jones as well as many union members ; devaluation , as callaghan pointed out in orotund fashion prior to his resignation as chancellor , involved ‘ a reduction in the wage levels and the real wage standards of every member of the working class of this country ’ .

There is , however , a lot to be gained from a consideration of Canova 's response to the human figure both as a starting point for the investigation of sculpture where ‘ dream , myth and reverie ’ are cited as key notes of interpretation , and an investigation of nuances of meaning which the application of the words ‘ sensual ’ or ‘ sensuous ’ may have when applied to sculpture , an art form which after all is made and largely understood through touch .
there is , however , a lot to be gained from a consideration of canova 's response to the human figure both as a starting point for the investigation of sculpture where ‘ dream , myth and reverie ’ are cited as key notes of interpretation , and an investigation of nuances of meaning which the [use] of the words ‘ sensual ’ or ‘ sensuous ’ may have when applied to sculpture , an art form which after all is made and largely understood through touch .

The exploitation of this source involved heavy financial commitment and the application of advanced technology .
the exploitation of this source involved heavy financial commitment and the [use] of advanced technology .

Again , the symbolic value of the cross was heightened by the application of gold or silver .
again , the symbolic value of the cross was heightened by the [use] of gold or silver .

Whilst that order was in operation the Children Act 1989 came into force and on 4 December 1991 the local authority made application under section 25 of the Children Act 1989 for a secure accommodation order .
whilst that order was in operation the children act 1989 came into force and on 4 december 1991 the local authority made [use] under section 25 of the children act 1989 for a secure accommodation order .

Section 25 of the Act of 1989 requires the court considering the application for a secure accommodation order to have regard to a number of crucial matters .
section 25 of the act of 1989 requires the court considering the [use] for a secure accommodation order to have regard to a number of crucial matters .

… ( 3 ) It shall be the duty of a court hearing an application under this section to determine whether any relevant criteria for keeping a child in secure accommodation are satisfied in his case .
… ( 3 ) it shall be the duty of a court hearing an [use] under this section to determine whether any relevant criteria for keeping a child in secure accommodation are satisfied in his case .

‘ The justices were under a duty to consider whether it was better for the child for a secure accommodation order to be made rather than no order at all being made upon the application in accordance with section 1 ( 5 ) of the Children Act .
‘ the justices were under a duty to consider whether it was better for the child for a secure accommodation order to be made rather than no order at all being made upon the [use] in accordance with section 1 ( 5 ) of the children act .

‘ It is the role of the court to safeguard the child 's welfare from inappropriate or unnecessary use of secure accommodation , both by satisfying itself that those making the application have demonstrated that the statutory criteria in section 25 ( 1 ) or regulation 6 , as appropriate , have been met and by having regard to the provisions and principles of section 1 of the Act .
‘ it is the role of the court to safeguard the child 's welfare from inappropriate or unnecessary use of secure accommodation , both by satisfying itself that those making the [use] have demonstrated that the statutory criteria in section 25 ( 1 ) or regulation 6 , as appropriate , have been met and by having regard to the provisions and principles of section 1 of the act .

‘ the justices were under a duty to make any secure accommodation order only for as long as was necessary ’ — and again the guidance and regulations are referred to — ‘ In the light of the evidence that a full planning meeting was due to be held on 30 December 1991 the magistrates should either have adjourned the application until after that meeting or should have made an order to last until shortly after that meeting .
‘ the justices were under a duty to make any secure accommodation order only for as long as was necessary ’ — and again the guidance and regulations are referred to — ‘ in the light of the evidence that a full planning meeting was due to be held on 30 december 1991 the magistrates should either have adjourned the [use] until after that meeting or should have made an order to last until shortly after that meeting .

His penal thinking was an application of his general philosophy that law and government should pursue ‘ the greatest happiness of the greatest number ’ , which logically led him to espouse a purely reductivist approach to punishment , with no place for retributivism of any description .
his penal thinking was an [use] of his general philosophy that law and government should pursue ‘ the greatest happiness of the greatest number ’ , which logically led him to espouse a purely reductivist approach to punishment , with no place for retributivism of any description .

Thus , whereas classicism 's image of human nature portrayed all human beings as being fully responsible for their own actions , Bentham saw criminals as having limited rationality and responsibility , but thought that they could be made more rational by the correct application of reformative techniques in his ‘ mill for grinding rogues honest ’ , as he called the Panopticon .
thus , whereas classicism 's image of human nature portrayed all human beings as being fully responsible for their own actions , bentham saw criminals as having limited rationality and responsibility , but thought that they could be made more rational by the correct [use] of reformative techniques in his ‘ mill for grinding rogues honest ’ , as he called the panopticon .

Once a case has reached the magistrates ' court , responsibility for granting or refusing bail becomes a matter for the court itself , but only after hearing representations from the Crown Prosecution Service if the latter decides to oppose a bail application .
once a case has reached the magistrates ' court , responsibility for granting or refusing bail becomes a matter for the court itself , but only after hearing representations from the crown prosecution service if the latter decides to oppose a bail [use] .

The application of community sanctions would remain at the discretion of sentencers , though there would then be a price to be paid in terms of consistency of application .
the [use] of community sanctions would remain at the discretion of sentencers , though there would then be a price to be paid in terms of consistency of [use] .

His hair was made to look even browner by the liberal application of hair-oil .
his hair was made to look even browner by the liberal [use] of hair-oil .

That afternoon the passport was delivered to the Soviet Embassy for renewal on an emergency application .
that afternoon the passport was delivered to the soviet embassy for renewal on an emergency [use] .

If these effects have stationary , independent , and identical distributions with finite variance then , by the application of the central limit theorem , the distribution of price changes ( or returns ) will have a normal distribution .
if these effects have stationary , independent , and identical distributions with finite variance then , by the [use] of the central limit theorem , the distribution of price changes ( or returns ) will have a normal distribution .

Of the six studies of the application of the Samuelson hypothesis to index futures , Park and Sears ( 1985 ) , Sherrick , Irwin and Forster ( 1992 ) and Han and Misra ( 1990 ) ( using implied volatilities ) , and Twite ( 1990c ) ( using historic closing prices to estimate volatility ) found evidence contradicting the Samuelson hypothesis .
of the six studies of the [use] of the samuelson hypothesis to index futures , park and sears ( 1985 ) , sherrick , irwin and forster ( 1992 ) and han and misra ( 1990 ) ( using implied volatilities ) , and twite ( 1990c ) ( using historic closing prices to estimate volatility ) found evidence contradicting the samuelson hypothesis .

There are three important papers in the application of the mixture-of-distributions hypothesis to futures prices , and these will be considered in turn .
there are three important papers in the [use] of the mixture-of-distributions hypothesis to futures prices , and these will be considered in turn .

That assessment was echoed by the other speakers in the session — Kevin Allard of Bertram Books , David Edyvean of the Gosport Bookshop and Nick Polkinhorne of the Sevenoaks Bookshop — each of whom explained how the application of new technology had enabled them successfully to transform the environment in which they worked .
that assessment was echoed by the other speakers in the session — kevin allard of bertram books , david edyvean of the gosport bookshop and nick polkinhorne of the sevenoaks bookshop — each of whom explained how the [use] of new technology had enabled them successfully to transform the environment in which they worked .

’ Viscount Simon and Lord Simonds reserved their opinions on this question , and Lord Porter considered that opinions expressed supporting the application of the rule to personal injuries are an undoubted extension of it , ‘ and may some day require examination .
’ viscount simon and lord simonds reserved their opinions on this question , and lord porter considered that opinions expressed supporting the [use] of the rule to personal injuries are an undoubted extension of it , ‘ and may some day require examination .

The main application of the principle of implied consent is found in cases where different floors in the same building are occupied by different persons and the tenant of a lower floor suffers damage as the result of water escaping from an upper floor .
the main [use] of the principle of implied consent is found in cases where different floors in the same building are occupied by different persons and the tenant of a lower floor suffers damage as the result of water escaping from an upper floor .

, the House of Lords criticised the application of the defence in Nichols v. Marsland , and four of their lordships cast doubt on the finding of facts by the jury in that case .
, the house of lords criticised the [use] of the defence in nichols v. marsland , and four of their lordships cast doubt on the finding of facts by the jury in that case .

The most important restriction on any extended application of the rule is the requirement of non-natural user .
the most important restriction on any extended [use] of the rule is the requirement of non-natural user .

This section of the Act is of general application and is not limited to London .
this section of the act is of general [use] and is not limited to london .

The defendant may apply for directions as to whether any third person with a competing claim should be joined and if that third person fails to appear on such a successful application the court may deprive him of any right of action against the defendant .
the defendant may apply for directions as to whether any third person with a competing claim should be joined and if that third person fails to appear on such a successful [use] the court may deprive him of any right of action against the defendant .

Conspiracy , it has been said , is a highly anomalous tort , though it has attracted more controversy among academic writers than success in practical application .
conspiracy , it has been said , is a highly anomalous tort , though it has attracted more controversy among academic writers than success in practical [use] .

Inflation increased , balance of payments crises forced the application of strong restraints to public expenditure and private incomes on a number of occasions , and , at the depressed point of the cycle , quite marked increases in unemployment occurred .
inflation increased , balance of payments crises forced the [use] of strong restraints to public expenditure and private incomes on a number of occasions , and , at the depressed point of the cycle , quite marked increases in unemployment occurred .

While the politicians and administrators who framed the Act would not have wished to have espoused the notion of the ‘ undeserving poor ’ they felt unwilling to risk the public criticism that would have resulted from an approach to poverty that involved ignoring the potential waste on the ‘ work-shy ’ and the fraudulent application in order adequately to meet the needs of the majority of applicants .
while the politicians and administrators who framed the act would not have wished to have espoused the notion of the ‘ undeserving poor ’ they felt unwilling to risk the public criticism that would have resulted from an approach to poverty that involved ignoring the potential waste on the ‘ work-shy ’ and the fraudulent [use] in order adequately to meet the needs of the majority of applicants .

There are now several benefits — family credit , free school meals , housing benefit and grants from the Social Fund , for example — that can help families in financial need , but the processes of application and appeal for these are complex enough to warrant the assistance of social workers in many instances .
there are now several benefits — family credit , free school meals , housing benefit and grants from the social fund , for example — that can help families in financial need , but the processes of [use] and appeal for these are complex enough to warrant the assistance of social workers in many instances .

Clearly the social policy required to tackle the problem must be comprehensive in scope and its instruments flexible and imaginative in application .
clearly the social policy required to tackle the problem must be comprehensive in scope and its instruments flexible and imaginative in [use] .

Application for admission may be by the nearest relative or an approved social worker .
[use] for admission may be by the nearest relative or an approved social worker .

Emergency Admission ( section 4 ) for up to seventy-two hours is possible on the application of the nearest relative or an approved social worker who must have seen the patient personally within the previous twenty-four hours , but it requires only one medical recommendation .
emergency admission ( section 4 ) for up to seventy-two hours is possible on the [use] of the nearest relative or an approved social worker who must have seen the patient personally within the previous twenty-four hours , but it requires only one medical recommendation .

This was challenged and , after various proposals were fought over , the 1983 Act laid down detailed principles about consent and procedures for their application .
this was challenged and , after various proposals were fought over , the 1983 act laid down detailed principles about consent and procedures for their [use] .

Swiftly a ‘ marriage bar ’ was introduced , though its application does not appear to have been universal in the civil service until 1894 when government typists ( hitherto an ‘ unestablished ’ all-female grade ) obtained permanent , pensionable ‘ established ’ status by agreeing to a rule requiring automatic resignation on marriage .
swiftly a ‘ marriage bar ’ was introduced , though its [use] does not appear to have been universal in the civil service until 1894 when government typists ( hitherto an ‘ unestablished ’ all-female grade ) obtained permanent , pensionable ‘ established ’ status by agreeing to a rule requiring automatic resignation on marriage .

One application is shown in Figure 4 .
one [use] is shown in figure 4 .

This is a new way of working , and means there 's a step learning curve to be negotiated for application developers .
this is a new way of working , and means there 's a step learning curve to be negotiated for [use] developers .

You 'd be forgiven for thinking that Windows 3.1 is the biggest selling application of all time , with unit sales of around a million a month .
you 'd be forgiven for thinking that windows 3.1 is the biggest selling [use] of all time , with unit sales of around a million a month .

In fact , if it were n't for the program 's stunning speed , you could easily believe you were running a Windows application .
in fact , if it were n't for the program 's stunning speed , you could easily believe you were running a windows [use] .

It can also ‘ sort of ’ recognize your handwriting and convert it into text that can be read by any application — just as if you 'd typed it in .
it can also ‘ sort of ’ recognize your handwriting and convert it into text that can be read by any [use] — just as if you 'd typed it in .

Do n't worry too much about program files — if an application gets zapped by a virus , simply re-install it from the master disks .
do n't worry too much about program files — if an [use] gets zapped by a virus , simply re-install it from the master disks .

You may have noticed when copying an application from a floppy to your hard disk that lots of files are transferred , with all manner of extensions ( see Screen 1 ) .
you may have noticed when copying an [use] from a floppy to your hard disk that lots of files are transferred , with all manner of extensions ( see screen 1 ) .

If you view any of these files without the parent application running , the contents may not be legible .
if you view any of these files without the parent [use] running , the contents may not be legible .

Screen 1 Here 's a directory listing showing a typical selection of the files that make up an application
screen 1 here 's a directory listing showing a typical selection of the files that make up an [use]

It comes with its own installation program and , once that 's been run , you 'll find that the application occupies its own subdirectory on the hard disk and is not just one file , but hundreds .
it comes with its own installation program and , once that 's been run , you 'll find that the [use] occupies its own subdirectory on the hard disk and is not just one file , but hundreds .

For example , if you get a new Windows application ( such as Quattro Pro for Windows ) all you need to do is run its Install or Setup program and it 'll do everything for you .
for example , if you get a new windows [use] ( such as quattro pro for windows ) all you need to do is run its install or setup program and it 'll do everything for you .

But what happens if you come across a Windows program or application which you desperately need and it does n't have an Install program ?
but what happens if you come across a windows program or [use] which you desperately need and it does n't have an install program ?

Even worse , what happens when you want to remove an application from Windows ?
even worse , what happens when you want to remove an [use] from windows ?

Have you ever seen an application with a cheerful little ‘ remove-me ’ icon ?
have you ever seen an [use] with a cheerful little ‘ remove-me ’ icon ?

Of course , you can just leave unwanted software on your hard disk , but with the average application taking up something between 10 and 20Mb , it does n't take long to fill your hard disk with junk .
of course , you can just leave unwanted software on your hard disk , but with the average [use] taking up something between 10 and 20mb , it does n't take long to fill your hard disk with junk .

Removing a Windows application involves more than just deleting the icon from the Program Manager .
removing a windows [use] involves more than just deleting the icon from the program manager .

Then select ‘ Ask you to specify an application ’ which lets you browse for applications .
then select ‘ ask you to specify an [use] ’ which lets you browse for applications .

As a start , we suggest that all application forms for medical posts should be standardised so that information identifying ethnic origin can be removed by the personnel department — for example , on a detachable front sheet .
as a start , we suggest that all [use] forms for medical posts should be standardised so that information identifying ethnic origin can be removed by the personnel department — for example , on a detachable front sheet .

All that remains is for their critical application to be supported by imaginative funding .
all that remains is for their critical [use] to be supported by imaginative funding .

The point is that years of hard work and steady application , the rocks on which Zurich 's prosperity and influence have been built , have not spoiled the city or its people .
the point is that years of hard work and steady [use] , the rocks on which zurich 's prosperity and influence have been built , have not spoiled the city or its people .

His quarrel with Luther meant that he had little influence in Germany , but there was something about his insistence on thrift , application , and hard work for its own sake that struck sympathetic chords in the Zurich temperament .
his quarrel with luther meant that he had little influence in germany , but there was something about his insistence on thrift , [use] , and hard work for its own sake that struck sympathetic chords in the zurich temperament .

" The Meeting having considered many Complaints from Caddelton and the other principle Drovers … from the want of a proper Fank for Cattle near the ferry place of Portaskaig , and Considering also that sixty or Eighty acres at least of some muir land near the Port will be necessary … appoint a Committee to draw up an application to Shawfield , praying he may allot and Inclose a piece of ground . "
" the meeting having considered many complaints from caddelton and the other principle drovers … from the want of a proper fank for cattle near the ferry place of portaskaig , and considering also that sixty or eighty acres at least of some muir land near the port will be necessary … appoint a committee to draw up an [use] to shawfield , praying he may allot and inclose a piece of ground . "

" The meeting having considered the application of the Schoolmaster of Kildaltan for the payment of the sum he expended upon building his House — they have examined said accot. — and reprobate the conduct of the Schoolmaster in carrying on a work of such magnitude without authority — and they refuse to countenance such conduct … "
" the meeting having considered the [use] of the schoolmaster of kildaltan for the payment of the sum he expended upon building his house — they have examined said accot. — and reprobate the conduct of the schoolmaster in carrying on a work of such magnitude without authority — and they refuse to countenance such conduct … "

1817 " The Meeting impressd , with the distress of the Tenantry of the Island from the reduced state of the Price of Black Cattle &c. ; conceive it proper and necessary to make application to Shawfield and his Trustees for a reduction of Rent while the times continue so oppressing , but with proper delicacy to this subject they decline making application at Present and till it is ascertained how cattle markets may go in June next … "
1817 " the meeting impressd , with the distress of the tenantry of the island from the reduced state of the price of black cattle &c. ; conceive it proper and necessary to make [use] to shawfield and his trustees for a reduction of rent while the times continue so oppressing , but with proper delicacy to this subject they decline making [use] at present and till it is ascertained how cattle markets may go in june next … "

6–4 The Presbytery met and approved heartily of the application .
6–4 the presbytery met and approved heartily of the [use] .

16–2–1910 The Moderator again asked that application should be made for leave to call a colleague and successor .
16–2–1910 the moderator again asked that [use] should be made for leave to call a colleague and successor .

This experience laid the foundations for his application of compounds of mercury and other metals for therapeutic purposes .
this experience laid the foundations for his [use] of compounds of mercury and other metals for therapeutic purposes .

This did recommend involvement of the voluntary sector on joint liaison committees and for the first time give access for voluntary agencies to make direct application to health boards without having to seek prior sponsorship from the local authority .
this did recommend involvement of the voluntary sector on joint liaison committees and for the first time give access for voluntary agencies to make direct [use] to health boards without having to seek prior sponsorship from the local authority .

Yet in the 1930s Nizan 's intellectual itinerary was centred on the attempt to reconcile a genuine belief in the moral integrity of Marxism with the practical application of communist party politics , the attempt , in other words , to reconcile intellectual images with political reality .
yet in the 1930s nizan 's intellectual itinerary was centred on the attempt to reconcile a genuine belief in the moral integrity of marxism with the practical [use] of communist party politics , the attempt , in other words , to reconcile intellectual images with political reality .

His brilliant track record at school is a testimony not only to his academic prowess , but also to his application and determination to succeed .
his brilliant track record at school is a testimony not only to his academic prowess , but also to his [use] and determination to succeed .

Major problems , however , arise over its application .
major problems , however , arise over its [use] .

Studies are currently under way to determine the role of the laryngeal mask in emergency medicine and the degree of training required to ensure its safe application in this area .
studies are currently under way to determine the role of the laryngeal mask in emergency medicine and the degree of training required to ensure its safe [use] in this area .

that the concept man does indeed have an application .
that the concept man does indeed have an [use] .

There is a system of spatio-temporal relations in which we ourselves have a place and which provides that unified framework within which every particular is uniquely related to every other , and where the distinction between numerical and qualitative identity has a perfectly valid and immediately intelligible application .
there is a system of spatio-temporal relations in which we ourselves have a place and which provides that unified framework within which every particular is uniquely related to every other , and where the distinction between numerical and qualitative identity has a perfectly valid and immediately intelligible [use] .

This did not mean that a consideration of criteria of application was altogether irrelevant to the meaning of this distinction .
this did not mean that a consideration of criteria of [use] was altogether irrelevant to the meaning of this distinction .

Soon after completing The Death of Nelson Minton asked Ronald Searle to sign David Tindle 's application for money from the Artists ' General Benevolent Institution .
soon after completing the death of nelson minton asked ronald searle to sign david tindle 's [use] for money from the artists ' general benevolent institution .

Again the two models of suburbanization by addition and redevelopment are useful but the pattern of their application was rather different from the inter-war years .
again the two models of suburbanization by addition and redevelopment are useful but the pattern of their [use] was rather different from the inter-war years .

Thus , it is suggested , the application of modern technology to housework merely changes the tasks a housewife has to do without significantly reducing her overall workload .
thus , it is suggested , the [use] of modern technology to housework merely changes the tasks a housewife has to do without significantly reducing her overall workload .

The tribunal which decided the case considers the application , but , if it is allowed , the case must be listed for a tribunal composed of different people to be heard afresh .
the tribunal which decided the case considers the [use] , but , if it is allowed , the case must be listed for a tribunal composed of different people to be heard afresh .

Not only is this statement admissible in tribunal proceedings , but unreasonable refusal to provide such a statement renders the employer , on the application of the employee to a tribunal , liable to a penalty payable to the employee of a sum equal to two weeks ' gross pay .
not only is this statement admissible in tribunal proceedings , but unreasonable refusal to provide such a statement renders the employer , on the [use] of the employee to a tribunal , liable to a penalty payable to the employee of a sum equal to two weeks ' gross pay .

The third rule is that an application to a tribunal claiming unfair dismissal casts the burden of proving a reason for the dismissal falling within the Act on the employer .
the third rule is that an [use] to a tribunal claiming unfair dismissal casts the burden of proving a reason for the dismissal falling within the act on the employer .

The Originating Application
the originating [use]

For this reason failure to respond is rare and late responses are deemed to include an application for an extension of time , which is invariably allowed .
for this reason failure to respond is rare and late responses are deemed to include an [use] for an extension of time , which is invariably allowed .

There are a number of possible explanations for this pattern of application .
there are a number of possible explanations for this pattern of [use] .

Though a formal part of the processes which operate when an unfair dismissal application is made , conciliation is a separate process from adjudication by the tribunal .
though a formal part of the processes which operate when an unfair dismissal [use] is made , conciliation is a separate process from adjudication by the tribunal .

These include power to strike out an application because the applicant is not taking the proper steps to further the claim , or because it is ‘ scandalous , frivolous or vexatious ’ .
these include power to strike out an [use] because the applicant is not taking the proper steps to further the claim , or because it is ‘ scandalous , frivolous or vexatious ’ .

Because the formal rules of evidence do not apply , there is no automatic procedure equivalent to discovery and inspection , but documentary evidence is often important in unfair dismissal claims and there are powers to order the production of key documents on the application of one of the parties .
because the formal rules of evidence do not apply , there is no automatic procedure equivalent to discovery and inspection , but documentary evidence is often important in unfair dismissal claims and there are powers to order the production of key documents on the [use] of one of the parties .

Application for a pre-hearing assessment can be made by letter , and the obvious time for an employer to request such a hearing is when returning the Notice of Appearance .
[use] for a pre-hearing assessment can be made by letter , and the obvious time for an employer to request such a hearing is when returning the notice of appearance .

The chairman will consider the paper claims and decide whether to allow the application .
the chairman will consider the paper claims and decide whether to allow the [use] .

In order to tackle the perceived problem of unfounded applications , the Government had proposed in 1986 in its White Paper Building Businesses … Not Barriers that there should be a £25 fee payable on making an application to an industrial tribunal .
in order to tackle the perceived problem of unfounded applications , the government had proposed in 1986 in its white paper building businesses … not barriers that there should be a £25 fee payable on making an [use] to an industrial tribunal .

The Department of Employment therefore proposed an alternative of giving industrial tribunal chairmen , acting alone , discretion at the pre-hearing stage , on the application of one of the parties or of its own motion , to require a deposit of up to £150 from the other party as a condition of proceeding further , if the chairman considered that the case had no reasonable prospect of success .
the department of employment therefore proposed an alternative of giving industrial tribunal chairmen , acting alone , discretion at the pre-hearing stage , on the [use] of one of the parties or of its own motion , to require a deposit of up to £150 from the other party as a condition of proceeding further , if the chairman considered that the case had no reasonable prospect of success .

The Genn study reported that 38 per cent of applicants were represented either at a hearing or during settlement negotiations , though 70 per cent had sought advice about their application .
the genn study reported that 38 per cent of applicants were represented either at a hearing or during settlement negotiations , though 70 per cent had sought advice about their [use] .

Industrial tribunals enjoy a power to review their own decisions on application of either party within 14 days of notification of the tribunal 's decision .
industrial tribunals enjoy a power to review their own decisions on [use] of either party within 14 days of notification of the tribunal 's decision .

For those cases dealt with by the investigative procedure , a chairman would direct , after reading the Originating Application and Notice of Appearance , preliminary investigations by an officer of the tribunal .
for those cases dealt with by the investigative procedure , a chairman would direct , after reading the originating [use] and notice of appearance , preliminary investigations by an officer of the tribunal .

These may typically be errors of practice and procedure , incorrect conclusions on the facts and inferences to be drawn from them , improper exercises of judicial discretion or an incorrect application of established legal principles .
these may typically be errors of practice and procedure , incorrect conclusions on the facts and inferences to be drawn from them , improper exercises of judicial discretion or an incorrect [use] of established legal principles .

If an appeal is merited , application can be made for an extension of the legal aid certificate to cover the appellate proceedings .
if an appeal is merited , [use] can be made for an extension of the legal aid certificate to cover the appellate proceedings .

If the litigant was not assisted at first instance , or before one of the appellate tribunals , a full application for a legal aid certificate must be made .
if the litigant was not assisted at first instance , or before one of the appellate tribunals , a full [use] for a legal aid certificate must be made .

The proper procedure is to apply first to the Court of Appeal , but if leave is refused , the application may be renewed before the Appeal Committee within one month of the refusal of leave by the Court of Appeal .
the proper procedure is to apply first to the court of appeal , but if leave is refused , the [use] may be renewed before the appeal committee within one month of the refusal of leave by the court of appeal .

The justification is that a respondent should not be put at further risk of costs by virtue of the Revenue 's wish to have final authority on some aspect of taxation law , which will inevitably be of general application .
the justification is that a respondent should not be put at further risk of costs by virtue of the revenue 's wish to have final authority on some aspect of taxation law , which will inevitably be of general [use] .

The use of cases as precedents therefore involves an evaluation of the weight of propositions , both of binding and of persuasive authority , and of their application to the facts of the instant dispute . In evaluating the weight of propositions , the following factors will be relevant :
the use of cases as precedents therefore involves an evaluation of the weight of propositions , both of binding and of persuasive authority , and of their [use] to the facts of the instant dispute . in evaluating the weight of propositions , the following factors will be relevant :

The main types of case appropriate for the application of the Practice Statement appear to be those which will rectify some uncertainty which has arisen in the case law or which are outmoded or unjust in relation to some broad issue of principle .
the main types of case appropriate for the [use] of the practice statement appear to be those which will rectify some uncertainty which has arisen in the case law or which are outmoded or unjust in relation to some broad issue of principle .

Mr Davies did not contest an application by the aggrieved client , Mr Parsons , that he should be struck off the roll of solicitors following the reduction on taxation of a grossly inflated and inaccurate litigation bill from £197,000 to £67,000 .
mr davies did not contest an [use] by the aggrieved client , mr parsons , that he should be struck off the roll of solicitors following the reduction on taxation of a grossly inflated and inaccurate litigation bill from £197,000 to £67,000 .

Most applications are made by The Law Society through its Adjudication Committee , but it is open to anyone to make application to the Tribunal without recourse to The Law Society .
most applications are made by the law society through its adjudication committee , but it is open to anyone to make [use] to the tribunal without recourse to the law society .

The penalties available to the Tribunal include striking a solicitor off the roll of solicitors , suspension from practice , the imposition of a money penalty not exceeding £5000 , and payment of all or part of the costs of the application .
the penalties available to the tribunal include striking a solicitor off the roll of solicitors , suspension from practice , the imposition of a money penalty not exceeding £5000 , and payment of all or part of the costs of the [use] .

Its timing and its fitful application might suggest that it was the king 's answer to the decrees of the archbishop 's reforming council of Reading .
its timing and its fitful [use] might suggest that it was the king 's answer to the decrees of the archbishop 's reforming council of reading .

Chapter 41 , therefore , was no expression of suspicion , dissatisfaction or hostility on the part of anticlericals , but a modest and guarded application to church property of principles then being applied to lay property .
chapter 41 , therefore , was no expression of suspicion , dissatisfaction or hostility on the part of anticlericals , but a modest and guarded [use] to church property of principles then being applied to lay property .

For a word to have a meaning is for there to be rules for its use : rules in virtue of which the application of the word can count as correct in some cases and incorrect in others .
for a word to have a meaning is for there to be rules for its use : rules in virtue of which the [use] of the word can count as correct in some cases and incorrect in others .

This criticism depends on a view about what competence with a concept is , a view about what it is to know the meaning of a word , about what it is to know the rules for the application of that word , rules that take you from one instance to the next .
this criticism depends on a view about what competence with a concept is , a view about what it is to know the meaning of a word , about what it is to know the rules for the [use] of that word , rules that take you from one instance to the next .

The seminars are intended to offer ‘ help and guidance on the application of the Data Protection Act to all those who are in any way involved with the use of computerised personal information , regardless of their area of business ’ .
the seminars are intended to offer ‘ help and guidance on the [use] of the data protection act to all those who are in any way involved with the use of computerised personal information , regardless of their area of business ’ .

The record industry is actually subject to a very simple application of market forces .
the record industry is actually subject to a very simple [use] of market forces .

When the lawyer representing British Caledonian Airways , who were opposing Virgin 's application , remarked that Virgin would need ‘ a lot of groups on Top of the Pops ' to afford to run an airline , Branson promptly retorted that Virgin 's £11.4m profits in 1983 were actually more than twice those of British Caledonian .
when the lawyer representing british caledonian airways , who were opposing virgin 's [use] , remarked that virgin would need ‘ a lot of groups on top of the pops ' to afford to run an airline , branson promptly retorted that virgin 's £11.4m profits in 1983 were actually more than twice those of british caledonian .

Ever since filing his first application as British Atlantic , Randolph Fields had been scouring the world looking for aircraft of the right type and price .
ever since filing his first [use] as british atlantic , randolph fields had been scouring the world looking for aircraft of the right type and price .

Virgin 's application was just the bargaining chip the Americans had been looking for .
virgin 's [use] was just the bargaining chip the americans had been looking for .

Meanwhile , Virgin 's application became the subject of intense lobbying by British government officials in Washington .
meanwhile , virgin 's [use] became the subject of intense lobbying by british government officials in washington .

The British were emphatic that Virgin 's application and the question of PanAm 's third frequency were unrelated .
the british were emphatic that virgin 's [use] and the question of panam 's third frequency were unrelated .

For some time , Coutts had been considering an application from Virgin to increase their overdraft facility above the previously agreed limit of £4m .
for some time , coutts had been considering an [use] from virgin to increase their overdraft facility above the previously agreed limit of £4m .

The application had been subject to long and disapproving scrutiny at Coutts .
the [use] had been subject to long and disapproving scrutiny at coutts .

The form of input is so basic that almost any application can be encoded as input to a network .
the form of input is so basic that almost any [use] can be encoded as input to a network .

‘ On an application made by the authority or the child , the court may make such order as it considers appropriate with respect to the contact which is to be allowed between the child and any named person .
‘ on an [use] made by the authority or the child , the court may make such order as it considers appropriate with respect to the contact which is to be allowed between the child and any named person .

Section 34 ( 5 ) enables the court to make such an order without any specific application .
section 34 ( 5 ) enables the court to make such an order without any specific [use] .

The court has made a direction to the local authority that the guardian ad litem be allowed to have continuing involvement with a view to making an application in due course if thought appropriate .
the court has made a direction to the local authority that the guardian ad litem be allowed to have continuing involvement with a view to making an [use] in due course if thought appropriate .

It is open to various people , as set out in section 34 , to make applications for contact and the local authority , under section 34 ( 4 ) , can apply for authority to refuse contact , but unless such an application is made the court is not involved .
it is open to various people , as set out in section 34 , to make applications for contact and the local authority , under section 34 ( 4 ) , can apply for authority to refuse contact , but unless such an [use] is made the court is not involved .

There has been a brief discussion as to whether in fact the guardian ad litem has the power under section 34 ( 2 ) to make an application in any event .
there has been a brief discussion as to whether in fact the guardian ad litem has the power under section 34 ( 2 ) to make an [use] in any event .

Section 34 ( 2 ) provides for the application to be made by the authority or the child and the question has been raised whether the child , in that context , means the child himself if he is of sufficient age and understanding to make the application .
section 34 ( 2 ) provides for the [use] to be made by the authority or the child and the question has been raised whether the child , in that context , means the child himself if he is of sufficient age and understanding to make the [use] .

The authority 's application was for ( 1 ) leave to move the minor to a named treatment unit or such other establishment as the Official Solicitor might approve , without the minor 's consent and ( 2 ) leave to give the minor medical treatment without her consent .
the authority 's [use] was for ( 1 ) leave to move the minor to a named treatment unit or such other establishment as the official solicitor might approve , without the minor 's consent and ( 2 ) leave to give the minor medical treatment without her consent .

In a sense this is merely one aspect of the application of the test that the welfare of the child is the paramount consideration .
in a sense this is merely one aspect of the [use] of the test that the welfare of the child is the paramount consideration .

The matter had come before the court by way of an application by the local authority for the exercise of the court 's inherent jurisdiction with regard to children , under section 100 of the Children Act 1989 .
the matter had come before the court by way of an [use] by the local authority for the exercise of the court 's inherent jurisdiction with regard to children , under section 100 of the children act 1989 .

Such an application can only be made with the leave of the court , and the court may only grant leave if it is satisfied , inter alia , that ‘ there is reasonable cause to believe that if the court 's inherent jurisdiction is not exercised with respect to the child he is likely to suffer significant harm : ’ see section 100 ( 3 ) and ( 4 ) ( b ) .
such an [use] can only be made with the leave of the court , and the court may only grant leave if it is satisfied , inter alia , that ‘ there is reasonable cause to believe that if the court 's inherent jurisdiction is not exercised with respect to the child he is likely to suffer significant harm : ’ see section 100 ( 3 ) and ( 4 ) ( b ) .

He submitted that it was reached at a time when the essential principles of the law of negligence were established and properly represented the result of the application of those principles .
he submitted that it was reached at a time when the essential principles of the law of negligence were established and properly represented the result of the [use] of those principles .

He thought it unnecessary to discuss the maxims of the civil law or the application of the Civil Code of Quebec .
he thought it unnecessary to discuss the maxims of the civil law or the [use] of the civil code of quebec .

In order to understand the nature of the application it is necessary first to consider the plaintiffs ' claim against the third defendant .
in order to understand the nature of the [use] it is necessary first to consider the plaintiffs ' claim against the third defendant .

‘ conspired amongst themselves and others to defraud the plaintiffs , and with intent to injure the plaintiffs , by a scheme for extracting moneys from the plaintiffs by way of inflated valuations and percentage fees and commission payments based upon such inflated valuations and by otherwise exposing the plaintiffs to liabilities , and calculated to make a profit for themselves … and/or companies in which the same were interested … by false representations , including forged and/or fraudulently altered and/or concealed loan application documentation by [ the third defendant ] .
‘ conspired amongst themselves and others to defraud the plaintiffs , and with intent to injure the plaintiffs , by a scheme for extracting moneys from the plaintiffs by way of inflated valuations and percentage fees and commission payments based upon such inflated valuations and by otherwise exposing the plaintiffs to liabilities , and calculated to make a profit for themselves … and/or companies in which the same were interested … by false representations , including forged and/or fraudulently altered and/or concealed loan [use] documentation by [ the third defendant ] .

In relation to such a claim the ex turpi causa defence could have had no application .
in relation to such a claim the ex turpi causa defence could have had no [use] .

On the applicant 's application for habeas corpus , the Divisional Court decided to allow the application .
on the applicant 's [use] for habeas corpus , the divisional court decided to allow the [use] .

‘ There are , in my view , no words which are of universal application to every kind of inquiry and every kind of domestic tribunal .
‘ there are , in my view , no words which are of universal [use] to every kind of inquiry and every kind of domestic tribunal .

‘ the application of tariff principles requires the sentencer to find the sentence which most accurately reflects the offender 's culpability , a process which involves relating the gravity of the offence to the established pattern of sentences for offences of that kind , and then making allowance for such mitigating factors as may be present which tend to reduce the offender 's culpability .
‘ the [use] of tariff principles requires the sentencer to find the sentence which most accurately reflects the offender 's culpability , a process which involves relating the gravity of the offence to the established pattern of sentences for offences of that kind , and then making allowance for such mitigating factors as may be present which tend to reduce the offender 's culpability .

While it appears that the application to the Parole Board can only be made by the Secretary of State , he has no power to release a prisoner on licence until he receives the board 's recommendation to do so .
while it appears that the [use] to the parole board can only be made by the secretary of state , he has no power to release a prisoner on licence until he receives the board 's recommendation to do so .

The Secretary of State made it clear that after the first application to the local review committee there should , before he ordered release , be a further consultation with the judges ‘ to satisfy the requirements of the section .
the secretary of state made it clear that after the first [use] to the local review committee there should , before he ordered release , be a further consultation with the judges ‘ to satisfy the requirements of the section .

The father issued a notice of motion seeking interim orders on 18 January 1991 , including an application that there should be an order preventing the child 's removal from Ontario .
the father issued a notice of motion seeking interim orders on 18 january 1991 , including an [use] that there should be an order preventing the child 's removal from ontario .

On 11 July 1991 Judge Lally , on the ex parte application of the husband , ordered the return of the child .
on 11 july 1991 judge lally , on the ex parte [use] of the husband , ordered the return of the child .

On 15 August 1991 his lawyers sent an application to the Attorney-General of Ontario .
on 15 august 1991 his lawyers sent an [use] to the attorney-general of ontario .

In addition , Lord Meston submits that the court also had ‘ rights of custody ’ in the context of the Convention , because it had made orders in the course of the cross-motions before it which indicated that it was seized of the matter and that it had not determined either the father 's or the mother 's substantive applications and had adjourned the hearing of the mother 's substantive application for custody and for leave to remove the child from the jurisdiction until a date in August .
in addition , lord meston submits that the court also had ‘ rights of custody ’ in the context of the convention , because it had made orders in the course of the cross-motions before it which indicated that it was seized of the matter and that it had not determined either the father 's or the mother 's substantive applications and had adjourned the hearing of the mother 's substantive [use] for custody and for leave to remove the child from the jurisdiction until a date in august .

‘ If , on the application of the Secretary of State , the court is satisfied that a person has entered into any transaction in contravention of section 3 above the court may order that person and any other person who appears to the court to have been knowingly concerned in the contravention to take such steps as the court may direct for restoring the parties to the position in which they were before the transaction was entered into .
‘ if , on the [use] of the secretary of state , the court is satisfied that a person has entered into any transaction in contravention of section 3 above the court may order that person and any other person who appears to the court to have been knowingly concerned in the contravention to take such steps as the court may direct for restoring the parties to the position in which they were before the transaction was entered into .

‘ ( 1 ) If on the application of the Secretary of State the court is satisfied — ( a ) that there is a reasonable likelihood that any person will contravene any provision of — ( i ) rules or regulations made under this Chapter ; ( ii ) sections 47 , 56 , 57 , or 59 above ; … ( c ) that any person has contravened any such provision or condition and that there are steps that could be taken for remedying the contravention , the court may grant an injunction restraining the contravention … or , as the case may be , make an order requiring that person and any other person … knowingly concerned in the contravention to take such steps as the court may direct to remedy it .
‘ ( 1 ) if on the [use] of the secretary of state the court is satisfied — ( a ) that there is a reasonable likelihood that any person will contravene any provision of — ( i ) rules or regulations made under this chapter ; ( ii ) sections 47 , 56 , 57 , or 59 above ; … ( c ) that any person has contravened any such provision or condition and that there are steps that could be taken for remedying the contravention , the court may grant an injunction restraining the contravention … or , as the case may be , make an order requiring that person and any other person … knowingly concerned in the contravention to take such steps as the court may direct to remedy it .

The striking out application did not involve any close examination of paragraph 29 of the statement of claim .
the striking out [use] did not involve any close examination of paragraph 29 of the statement of claim .

‘ If , on the application of the Secretary of State , the court is satisfied that a person has entered into any transaction in contravention of section 3 above the court may order that person and any other person who appears to the court to have been knowingly concerned in the contravention to take such steps as the court may direct for restoring the parties to the position in which they were before the transaction was entered into .
‘ if , on the [use] of the secretary of state , the court is satisfied that a person has entered into any transaction in contravention of section 3 above the court may order that person and any other person who appears to the court to have been knowingly concerned in the contravention to take such steps as the court may direct for restoring the parties to the position in which they were before the transaction was entered into .

It was further said that the reason for limiting the application of subsection ( 2 ) to those third parties who are knowingly concerned in the contravention is that an order addressed directly to a third party ( as opposed to the contravener acting by his servants or agents ) would only be necessary where the third party had an interest of his own in the subject-matter of the order .
it was further said that the reason for limiting the [use] of subsection ( 2 ) to those third parties who are knowingly concerned in the contravention is that an order addressed directly to a third party ( as opposed to the contravener acting by his servants or agents ) would only be necessary where the third party had an interest of his own in the subject-matter of the order .

In each of these appeals it has been rightly accepted by counsel for the contemnor that the hearing below of the committal application was impeccable , that the sentence imposed for the contempts of court found proved can not be criticised and the committal order properly specified each of the contempts for which the contemnor had been sentenced .
in each of these appeals it has been rightly accepted by counsel for the contemnor that the hearing below of the committal [use] was impeccable , that the sentence imposed for the contempts of court found proved can not be criticised and the committal order properly specified each of the contempts for which the contemnor had been sentenced .

If the procedure employed up to the foot of the hearing of the committal application can not be criticised and the committal order has been correctly drawn , it is difficult to see how there can be an appeal against the committal order .
if the procedure employed up to the foot of the hearing of the committal [use] can not be criticised and the committal order has been correctly drawn , it is difficult to see how there can be an appeal against the committal order .

The late service on him of the committal order did not hinder any appeal or application for release that he might otherwise have made .
the late service on him of the committal order did not hinder any appeal or [use] for release that he might otherwise have made .

Local authority 's application for costs adjourned .
local authority 's [use] for costs adjourned .

On the defendants ' application : —
on the defendants ' [use] : —

In that regard it appears that membership of an association creates between the members close links of the same kind as those which are created between the parties to a contract and that consequently the obligations to which the national court refers may be regarded as contractual for the purpose of the application of article 5 ( 1 ) of the Convention .
in that regard it appears that membership of an association creates between the members close links of the same kind as those which are created between the parties to a contract and that consequently the obligations to which the national court refers may be regarded as contractual for the purpose of the [use] of article 5 ( 1 ) of the convention .

Since under national legal systems it is usually stipulated that the place in which the association is established is to be the place of performance of obligations arising out of the act of becoming a member , the application of article 5 ( 1 ) of the Convention also has practical advantages : the court for the place in which the association has its seat is in fact usually the best fitted to understand the documents of constitution , rules and decisions of the association , and also the circumstances out of which the dispute arose .
since under national legal systems it is usually stipulated that the place in which the association is established is to be the place of performance of obligations arising out of the act of becoming a member , the [use] of article 5 ( 1 ) of the convention also has practical advantages : the court for the place in which the association has its seat is in fact usually the best fitted to understand the documents of constitution , rules and decisions of the association , and also the circumstances out of which the dispute arose .

Consequently , the concept of ‘ matters relating to a contract ’ is to be regarded as an independent concept which , for the purpose of the application of the Convention , must be interpreted by reference principally to the system and objectives of the Convention in order to ensure that it is fully effective .
consequently , the concept of ‘ matters relating to a contract ’ is to be regarded as an independent concept which , for the purpose of the [use] of the convention , must be interpreted by reference principally to the system and objectives of the convention in order to ensure that it is fully effective .

Accordingly , the concept of matters relating to tort , delict or quasi-delict must be regarded as an autonomous concept which is to be interpreted , for the application of the Convention , principally by reference to the scheme and objectives of the Convention in order to ensure that the latter is given full effect .
accordingly , the concept of matters relating to tort , delict or quasi-delict must be regarded as an autonomous concept which is to be interpreted , for the [use] of the convention , principally by reference to the scheme and objectives of the convention in order to ensure that the latter is given full effect .

Application granted with costs .
[use] granted with costs .

In this case there was an application at the judge 's lodgings at 11 o'clock at night , a procedure which may not always be available .
in this case there was an [use] at the judge 's lodgings at 11 o'clock at night , a procedure which may not always be available .

On a preliminary issue as to whether the High Court had jurisdiction to hear an application for judicial review of a decision of a visitors to the Inns of Court : —
on a preliminary issue as to whether the high court had jurisdiction to hear an [use] for judicial review of a decision of a visitors to the inns of court : —

The parties to Miss Calder 's application agreed that this issue should be decided as a preliminary issue in her case as well and that we should decide the two issues at the same time .
the parties to miss calder 's [use] agreed that this issue should be decided as a preliminary issue in her case as well and that we should decide the two issues at the same time .

Since the argument ended , Mr. Beloff has been good enough to send us , by agreement with the other parties to Miss Calder 's application , extracts from the works of two legal historians who venture to express opinions on the legal position after 1873 .
since the argument ended , mr. beloff has been good enough to send us , by agreement with the other parties to miss calder 's [use] , extracts from the works of two legal historians who venture to express opinions on the legal position after 1873 .

For all these reasons , therefore , we would hold that this court has no jurisdiction to entertain an application for judicial review in either of the cases which are before it .
for all these reasons , therefore , we would hold that this court has no jurisdiction to entertain an [use] for judicial review in either of the cases which are before it .

Stay of Calder 's suspension pending an application to the Court of Appeal .
stay of calder 's suspension pending an [use] to the court of appeal .

His plea of guilty to manslaughter was accepted by the prosecution with the approval of the judge , who granted defence counsel 's application for an adjournment to call character witnesses in mitigation .
his plea of guilty to manslaughter was accepted by the prosecution with the approval of the judge , who granted defence counsel 's [use] for an adjournment to call character witnesses in mitigation .

Application for judicial review .
[use] for judicial review .

The matrix in which this application is to be considered has three components .
the matrix in which this [use] is to be considered has three components .

Forty-two affidavits were filed in this application ( mostly by the applicant when acting in person ) , and to those affidavits are exhibited a large number of documents .
forty-two affidavits were filed in this [use] ( mostly by the applicant when acting in person ) , and to those affidavits are exhibited a large number of documents .

Provided always that nothing in these restrictions shall preclude Norwich Union from processing any proposal or application form made and dated prior to 31 October 1990 submitted through the Winchester Group or any of its company representatives and entering into any investment contract on the basis of any such a proposal or application form so long as Norwich Union has first satisfied itself that : — ( a ) any such proposal or application form is genuinely made and dated prior to 31 October 1990 ; ( b ) any such proposal or application form is accompanied by a fact find form ; and ( c ) that the fact find form has been fully completed ; and ( d ) that the information shown thereon is sufficient to show that the proposed investment contract which is the subject of the proposal or application form is in the best interests of the investor concerned .
provided always that nothing in these restrictions shall preclude norwich union from processing any proposal or [use] form made and dated prior to 31 october 1990 submitted through the winchester group or any of its company representatives and entering into any investment contract on the basis of any such a proposal or [use] form so long as norwich union has first satisfied itself that : — ( a ) any such proposal or [use] form is genuinely made and dated prior to 31 october 1990 ; ( b ) any such proposal or [use] form is accompanied by a fact find form ; and ( c ) that the fact find form has been fully completed ; and ( d ) that the information shown thereon is sufficient to show that the proposed investment contract which is the subject of the proposal or [use] form is in the best interests of the investor concerned .

Application dismissed .
[use] dismissed .

( 10 ) The board may , on their own motion or on the application of the member concerned , by notice rescind or vary the notice given under paragraph 9 above ; and if the board refuse such an application by the member they shall give the member notice of the refusal .
( 10 ) the board may , on their own motion or on the [use] of the member concerned , by notice rescind or vary the notice given under paragraph 9 above ; and if the board refuse such an [use] by the member they shall give the member notice of the refusal .

He may apply immediately it is served to set it aside , and also or instead of making such application , he may appeal against the imposition of the injunction .
he may apply immediately it is served to set it aside , and also or instead of making such [use] , he may appeal against the imposition of the injunction .

‘ willing to appoint the Winchester Group as appointed representatives of the Norwich Union on the basis of the two directors , Susan Lesley Bird and David Hugh Ross , as shown on the application form dated 9 February 1990 .
‘ willing to appoint the winchester group as appointed representatives of the norwich union on the basis of the two directors , susan lesley bird and david hugh ross , as shown on the [use] form dated 9 february 1990 .

On a renewed application for leave to move for what would now be called judicial review , this court granted the application .
on a renewed [use] for leave to move for what would now be called judicial review , this court granted the [use] .

Knowing of that application the plaintiff obtained a warrant of possession but , before it was executed , forcibly ejected the defendant from the premises .
knowing of that [use] the plaintiff obtained a warrant of possession but , before it was executed , forcibly ejected the defendant from the premises .

Their application eventually came on before the court on the afternoon of 26 February 1992 .
their [use] eventually came on before the court on the afternoon of 26 february 1992 .

‘ ( 1 ) The register may be rectified pursuant to an order of the court or by the registrar , subject to an appeal to the court , in any of the following cases , but subject to the provisions of this section : — ( a ) Subject to any express provisions of this Act to the contrary , where a court of competent jurisdiction has decided that any person is entitled to any estate right or interest in or to any registered land or charge , and as a consequence of such decision such court is of opinion that a rectification of the register is required , and makes an order to that effect ; ( b ) Subject to any express provision of this Act to the contrary , where the court , on the application in the prescribed manner of any person who is aggrieved by any entry made in , or by the omission of any entry from , the register , or by any default being made , or unnecessary delay taking place , in the making of any entry in the register , makes an order for the rectification of the register ; ( c ) In any case and at any time with the consent of all persons interested ; ( d ) Where the court or the registrar is satisfied that any entry in the register has been obtained by fraud ; ( e ) Where two or more persons are , by mistake , registered as proprietors of the same registered estate or of the same charge ; ( f ) Where a mortgagee has been registered as proprietor of the land instead of as proprietor of a charge and a right of redemption is subsisting ; ( g ) Where a legal estate has been registered in the name of a person who if the land had not been registered would not have been the estate owner ; and ( h ) In any other case where , by reason of any error or omission in the register , or by reason of any entry made under a mistake , it may be deemed just to rectify the register .
‘ ( 1 ) the register may be rectified pursuant to an order of the court or by the registrar , subject to an appeal to the court , in any of the following cases , but subject to the provisions of this section : — ( a ) subject to any express provisions of this act to the contrary , where a court of competent jurisdiction has decided that any person is entitled to any estate right or interest in or to any registered land or charge , and as a consequence of such decision such court is of opinion that a rectification of the register is required , and makes an order to that effect ; ( b ) subject to any express provision of this act to the contrary , where the court , on the [use] in the prescribed manner of any person who is aggrieved by any entry made in , or by the omission of any entry from , the register , or by any default being made , or unnecessary delay taking place , in the making of any entry in the register , makes an order for the rectification of the register ; ( c ) in any case and at any time with the consent of all persons interested ; ( d ) where the court or the registrar is satisfied that any entry in the register has been obtained by fraud ; ( e ) where two or more persons are , by mistake , registered as proprietors of the same registered estate or of the same charge ; ( f ) where a mortgagee has been registered as proprietor of the land instead of as proprietor of a charge and a right of redemption is subsisting ; ( g ) where a legal estate has been registered in the name of a person who if the land had not been registered would not have been the estate owner ; and ( h ) in any other case where , by reason of any error or omission in the register , or by reason of any entry made under a mistake , it may be deemed just to rectify the register .

Paragraph ( b ) is something of a puzzle , not least because the form of the ‘ application ’ is not ‘ prescribed ’ by any rules made under the Act .
paragraph ( b ) is something of a puzzle , not least because the form of the ‘ [use] ’ is not ‘ prescribed ’ by any rules made under the act .

The same language was used in section 96 of the Act of 1875 , but there , too , no form of application was ‘ prescribed .
the same language was used in section 96 of the act of 1875 , but there , too , no form of [use] was ‘ prescribed .

The reference to ‘ the application in the prescribed manner ’ makes me believe that it was contemplated that some form of summary process would be prescribed in order to enable speedy relief to be given in clear cases .
the reference to ‘ the [use] in the prescribed manner ’ makes me believe that it was contemplated that some form of summary process would be prescribed in order to enable speedy relief to be given in clear cases .

The registration of a forged transfer could , in my opinion , at least if the application for registration had been made by the forger , be annulled under paragraph ( d ) .
the registration of a forged transfer could , in my opinion , at least if the [use] for registration had been made by the forger , be annulled under paragraph ( d ) .

The register was rectified under paragraph ( h ) on an application made by the adjoining owner , the defendant .
the register was rectified under paragraph ( h ) on an [use] made by the adjoining owner , the defendant .

On the application so to vary the implied undertaking , the applicants undertaking to the court to hold them for the strictly limited purpose of defending the libel proceedings brought against the applicants by the two reinstated officers , and on the question of the effect of public interest immunity : —
on the [use] so to vary the implied undertaking , the applicants undertaking to the court to hold them for the strictly limited purpose of defending the libel proceedings brought against the applicants by the two reinstated officers , and on the question of the effect of public interest immunity : —

That then is the context in which this application arises . What is its precise nature and why is it before this court ?
that then is the context in which this [use] arises . what is its precise nature and why is it before this court ?

As to why the application is before this court , that quite simply is because it was to this court that the implied undertaking was given ; we alone , therefore , have power to vary it .
as to why the [use] is before this court , that quite simply is because it was to this court that the implied undertaking was given ; we alone , therefore , have power to vary it .

Whilst , however , it clearly follows that we have jurisdiction to entertain this application , it is a good deal less clear that we should be prepared to do so .
whilst , however , it clearly follows that we have jurisdiction to entertain this [use] , it is a good deal less clear that we should be prepared to do so .

Nevertheless , having recognised and explored those disadvantages , we have thought it right not only de bene esse to hear this application , but now to decide it .
nevertheless , having recognised and explored those disadvantages , we have thought it right not only de bene esse to hear this [use] , but now to decide it .

We come therefore , to the substantive application and to note first the legal principles governing the public interest immunity attaching to this class of documents .
we come therefore , to the substantive [use] and to note first the legal principles governing the public interest immunity attaching to this class of documents .

Essentially it is this : that only very exceptionally should the implied undertaking be varied to permit disclosed documents to be used for ulterior purposes , not least when the application is made by a third party and for the purposes of proceedings wholly unconnected with those in which discovery was ordered .
essentially it is this : that only very exceptionally should the implied undertaking be varied to permit disclosed documents to be used for ulterior purposes , not least when the [use] is made by a third party and for the purposes of proceedings wholly unconnected with those in which discovery was ordered .

Nor can we believe that were we to allow this application , potential future witnesses would be deterred from co-operating in investigations yet to come or the police feel inhibited from giving future reassurance as to the consequences of such co-operation in the self-same terms as at present .
nor can we believe that were we to allow this [use] , potential future witnesses would be deterred from co-operating in investigations yet to come or the police feel inhibited from giving future reassurance as to the consequences of such co-operation in the self-same terms as at present .

On an application by the health authority for a declaration that the operation could be performed lawfully without the mother 's consent : —
on an [use] by the health authority for a declaration that the operation could be performed lawfully without the mother 's consent : —

Children — Custody — Enforcement — Mother removing children from Australia without father 's knowledge in breach of joint custody rights — Father acquiescing in children 's removal — Father 's subsequent application for children 's return — Judge refusing to make order in interests of children — Whether children 's interests to be considered in court 's exercise of discretion — Child Abduction and Custody Act 1985 ( c. 60 ) , Sch .
children — custody — enforcement — mother removing children from australia without father 's knowledge in breach of joint custody rights — father acquiescing in children 's removal — father 's subsequent [use] for children 's return — judge refusing to make order in interests of children — whether children 's interests to be considered in court 's exercise of discretion — child abduction and custody act 1985 ( c. 60 ) , sch .

They separated and , on their joint application for divorce , the Family Court of Australia granted a decree nisi and expressed itself satisfied that proper arrangements had been made for the children 's welfare , namely , that they would live with their mother during the week and be supervised by the father at weekends .
they separated and , on their joint [use] for divorce , the family court of australia granted a decree nisi and expressed itself satisfied that proper arrangements had been made for the children 's welfare , namely , that they would live with their mother during the week and be supervised by the father at weekends .

In July 1991 the mother and father made a joint application for divorce in Australia .
in july 1991 the mother and father made a joint [use] for divorce in australia .

The administrators of a company issued an originating application against a bank registered in Jersey seeking , inter alia , declarations that the transfer to the bank of considerable sums of money belonging to the company by one of its directors constituted transactions at an undervalue within the meaning of section 238 of the Insolvency Act 1986 and also orders for repayment .
the administrators of a company issued an originating [use] against a bank registered in jersey seeking , inter alia , declarations that the transfer to the bank of considerable sums of money belonging to the company by one of its directors constituted transactions at an undervalue within the meaning of section 238 of the insolvency act 1986 and also orders for repayment .

On 30 November 1990 Mr. Registrar Buckley made an order granting the administrators liberty to serve the originating application by post upon the bank at 13 , Broad Street , St. Helier , Channel Islands .
on 30 november 1990 mr. registrar buckley made an order granting the administrators liberty to serve the originating [use] by post upon the bank at 13 , broad street , st. helier , channel islands .

By a notice of appeal dated 22 July 1991 the administrators appealed on the grounds , inter alia , that ( 1 ) the judge had erred in law in holding that the court had no jurisdiction to make any order under section 238 of the Act of 1986 against the bank ; ( 2 ) the judge should have held that the words ‘ any person ’ in section 238 meant ( in the case of a company ) any company , whether or not registered in England and Wales , or having a place of business in England and Wales , or carrying on business in England and Wales at the time of the transaction complained of ; alternatively , that those words ( in the case of a company ) meant any company with a sufficient connection with England and Wales : and that , on the facts of the case , there was a sufficient connection ; and in either case the court accordingly had jurisdiction to entertain the originating application against the bank , and to grant leave under rule 12.12 of the Insolvency Rules 1986 to serve the bank in Jersey ; and ( 3 ) in construing section 238 of the Act of 1986 the judge had erred in failing ( i ) to hold that the bank , even though a Jersey company , was within the class of persons with respect to whom Parliament was to be presumed to be legislating in section 238 ; ( ii ) to give any or any sufficient weight to the mischief which the section was intended to remedy , and/or to the disastrous practical consequences for all insolvencies with any international element if the operation of the section were limited to those within England and Wales at the time of the transaction complained of ; ( iii ) to give any or any sufficient weight to the legislative context of the section and related sections ; and ( iv ) to give any or any sufficient weight to the fact that the transactions dealt with by the sections necessarily had a connection with England and Wales in that they involved a disposition of the property of a person or company the subject of insolvency proceedings before the courts of England and Wales .
by a notice of appeal dated 22 july 1991 the administrators appealed on the grounds , inter alia , that ( 1 ) the judge had erred in law in holding that the court had no jurisdiction to make any order under section 238 of the act of 1986 against the bank ; ( 2 ) the judge should have held that the words ‘ any person ’ in section 238 meant ( in the case of a company ) any company , whether or not registered in england and wales , or having a place of business in england and wales , or carrying on business in england and wales at the time of the transaction complained of ; alternatively , that those words ( in the case of a company ) meant any company with a sufficient connection with england and wales : and that , on the facts of the case , there was a sufficient connection ; and in either case the court accordingly had jurisdiction to entertain the originating [use] against the bank , and to grant leave under rule 12.12 of the insolvency rules 1986 to serve the bank in jersey ; and ( 3 ) in construing section 238 of the act of 1986 the judge had erred in failing ( i ) to hold that the bank , even though a jersey company , was within the class of persons with respect to whom parliament was to be presumed to be legislating in section 238 ; ( ii ) to give any or any sufficient weight to the mischief which the section was intended to remedy , and/or to the disastrous practical consequences for all insolvencies with any international element if the operation of the section were limited to those within england and wales at the time of the transaction complained of ; ( iii ) to give any or any sufficient weight to the legislative context of the section and related sections ; and ( iv ) to give any or any sufficient weight to the fact that the transactions dealt with by the sections necessarily had a connection with england and wales in that they involved a disposition of the property of a person or company the subject of insolvency proceedings before the courts of england and wales .

An originating application was issued by the administrators on 23 November 1990 , and on 30 November 1990 the registrar gave leave to serve these proceedings out of the jurisdiction .
an originating [use] was issued by the administrators on 23 november 1990 , and on 30 november 1990 the registrar gave leave to serve these proceedings out of the jurisdiction .

Hambros Jersey applied to set aside that order , and it is against the judge 's decision of 14 June 1991 acceding to that application that this appeal was brought .
hambros jersey applied to set aside that order , and it is against the judge 's decision of 14 june 1991 acceding to that [use] that this appeal was brought .

Two points would seem to be clear : first , that the principle is a rule of construction only , and secondly , that it contemplates mere presence within the jurisdiction as sufficient to attract the application of British legislation .
two points would seem to be clear : first , that the principle is a rule of construction only , and secondly , that it contemplates mere presence within the jurisdiction as sufficient to attract the [use] of british legislation .

( 3 ) … the court shall , on such an application , make such order as it thinks fit for restoring the position to what it would have been if the company had not entered into that transaction .
( 3 ) … the court shall , on such an [use] , make such order as it thinks fit for restoring the position to what it would have been if the company had not entered into that transaction .

( 3 ) … the court shall , on such an application , make such order as it thinks fit for restoring the position to what it would have been if the company had not given that preference .
( 3 ) … the court shall , on such an [use] , make such order as it thinks fit for restoring the position to what it would have been if the company had not given that preference .

( 2 ) The court shall , on such an application , make such order as it thinks fit for restoring the position to what it would have been if that individual had not entered into that transaction .
( 2 ) the court shall , on such an [use] , make such order as it thinks fit for restoring the position to what it would have been if that individual had not entered into that transaction .

Section 340 makes corresponding provision for an application to the court , and for the court making an order , where an individual has given a preference ‘ to any person .
section 340 makes corresponding provision for an [use] to the court , and for the court making an order , where an individual has given a preference ‘ to any person .

’ This section applies whether or not insolvency proceedings of any kind have been taken , and it applies however long before the application to the court the transaction being impugned was entered into .
’ this section applies whether or not insolvency proceedings of any kind have been taken , and it applies however long before the [use] to the court the transaction being impugned was entered into .

Where the debtor has been adjudged bankrupt or is a company which is being wound up or in relation to which an administration order is in force , the application can only be made by the official receiver , the trustee of the bankrupt 's estate , the liquidator or the administrator or , with the leave of the court , by a victim of the transaction .
where the debtor has been adjudged bankrupt or is a company which is being wound up or in relation to which an administration order is in force , the [use] can only be made by the official receiver , the trustee of the bankrupt 's estate , the liquidator or the administrator or , with the leave of the court , by a victim of the transaction .

In other circumstances an application may be made by a victim of the transaction , viz .
in other circumstances an [use] may be made by a victim of the transaction , viz .

In this respect the sections purport to be of universal application .
in this respect the sections purport to be of universal [use] .

Sections 238 , 239 , 339 and 340 provide that the court ‘ shall , ’ on an application under those sections , make such order as it thinks fit for restoring the position .
sections 238 , 239 , 339 and 340 provide that the court ‘ shall , ’ on an [use] under those sections , make such order as it thinks fit for restoring the position .

On the defendants ' application for directions as to whether they were at liberty to comply with the Bank of England 's notice notwithstanding the terms of the injunction , or alternatively for variation or discharge of the injunction so as to permit such compliance : —
on the defendants ' [use] for directions as to whether they were at liberty to comply with the bank of england 's notice notwithstanding the terms of the injunction , or alternatively for variation or discharge of the injunction so as to permit such compliance : —

The present application seeks :
the present [use] seeks :

Section 8 lays down procedures for an application . Section 9(1) and ( 2 ) provides :
section 8 lays down procedures for an [use] . section 9(1) and ( 2 ) provides :

‘ ( 1 ) The Bank may , on an application duly made in accordance with section 8 above and after being provided with all such information , documents and reports as it may require under that section , grant or refuse the application .
‘ ( 1 ) the bank may , on an [use] duly made in accordance with section 8 above and after being provided with all such information , documents and reports as it may require under that section , grant or refuse the [use] .

( 2 ) The Bank shall not grant an application unless satisfied that the criteria specified in Schedule 3 to this Act are fulfilled with respect to the applicant .
( 2 ) the bank shall not grant an [use] unless satisfied that the criteria specified in schedule 3 to this act are fulfilled with respect to the applicant .

It was submitted the Bank of England would not be prejudiced by having to make an application for the variation of a court order in the same manner as any other third party seeking a variation which affects its rights of interests .
it was submitted the bank of england would not be prejudiced by having to make an [use] for the variation of a court order in the same manner as any other third party seeking a variation which affects its rights of interests .

As they made clear throughout the case , they are neutral as to the outcome , and their purpose in coming to the court , as the terms of their application expressly shows , is to seek directions in the situation which has arisen .
as they made clear throughout the case , they are neutral as to the outcome , and their purpose in coming to the court , as the terms of their [use] expressly shows , is to seek directions in the situation which has arisen .

They also granted the father 's application for parental responsibility .
they also granted the father 's [use] for parental responsibility .

Insolvency — Inquiry into company 's dealings — Production of documents — Order for production by auditors of subsidiary company — Administrators ' statement in support of application for order — Whether proper to order production of documents — Insolvency Act 1986 ( c. 45 ) , s. 236(2) ( c ) ( 3 )
insolvency — inquiry into company 's dealings — production of documents — order for production by auditors of subsidiary company — administrators ' statement in support of [use] for order — whether proper to order production of documents — insolvency act 1986 ( c. 45 ) , s. 236(2) ( c ) ( 3 )

An application is not necessarily unreasonable because it is inconvenient for the addressee of the application or causes him considerable work or may make him vulnerable to future claims , or is addressed to a person who is not an officer or employee of or contractor with the company in administration , but all of these will be among the factors relevant to be taken into consideration ( post , pp .
an [use] is not necessarily unreasonable because it is inconvenient for the addressee of the [use] or causes him considerable work or may make him vulnerable to future claims , or is addressed to a person who is not an officer or employee of or contractor with the company in administration , but all of these will be among the factors relevant to be taken into consideration ( post , pp .

‘ The court may , on the application of the office-holder , summon to appear before it — ( a ) any officer of the company , ( b ) any person known or suspected to have in his possession any property of the company or supposed to be indebted to the company , or ( c ) any person whom the court thinks capable of giving information concerning the promotion , formation , business , dealings , affairs or property of the company .
‘ the court may , on the [use] of the office-holder , summon to appear before it — ( a ) any officer of the company , ( b ) any person known or suspected to have in his possession any property of the company or supposed to be indebted to the company , or ( c ) any person whom the court thinks capable of giving information concerning the promotion , formation , business , dealings , affairs or property of the company .

An application is not necessarily unreasonable because it is inconvenient for the addressee of the application or causes him a lot of work or may make him vulnerable to future claims , or is addressed to a person who is not an officer or employee of or a contractor with the company in administration , but all these will be relevant factors , together no doubt with many others .
an [use] is not necessarily unreasonable because it is inconvenient for the addressee of the [use] or causes him a lot of work or may make him vulnerable to future claims , or is addressed to a person who is not an officer or employee of or a contractor with the company in administration , but all these will be relevant factors , together no doubt with many others .

Hong Kong — Judicial review — Refusal to stay or postpone criminal proceedings — Dismissal of application for judicial review — Whether judicial review proceedings civil or criminal — Whether Court of Appeal having jurisdiction to entertain appeal — Supreme Court Ordinance ( Laws of Hong Kong , 1989 rev. , c. 4 ) , s. 13(2) ( a )
hong kong — judicial review — refusal to stay or postpone criminal proceedings — dismissal of [use] for judicial review — whether judicial review proceedings civil or criminal — whether court of appeal having jurisdiction to entertain appeal — supreme court ordinance ( laws of hong kong , 1989 rev. , c. 4 ) , s. 13(2) ( a )

The applicant applied to the High Court for judicial review of those decisions but the application was dismissed .
the applicant applied to the high court for judicial review of those decisions but the [use] was dismissed .

The cause or matter in question was the application to the court to exercise its powers under the Allied Forces Act and the order , and to deliver the appellant to the Dutch military authorities .
the cause or matter in question was the [use] to the court to exercise its powers under the allied forces act and the order , and to deliver the appellant to the dutch military authorities .

In the event of an unsuccessful application to the Crown Court on such grounds , the appropriate procedure will be for the trial to proceed in accordance with the ruling of the trial judge and , if necessary , the point should be argued as part of any appeal to the Court of Appeal ( Criminal Division ) .
in the event of an unsuccessful [use] to the crown court on such grounds , the appropriate procedure will be for the trial to proceed in accordance with the ruling of the trial judge and , if necessary , the point should be argued as part of any appeal to the court of appeal ( criminal division ) .

At the time of the institution of the proceedings in which the relevant application for judicial review arose , the 95 fishing vessels of the applicants failed to satisfy one or more of the conditions for registration under section 14 of the Act of 1988 and thus failed to qualify for registration .
at the time of the institution of the proceedings in which the relevant [use] for judicial review arose , the 95 fishing vessels of the applicants failed to satisfy one or more of the conditions for registration under section 14 of the act of 1988 and thus failed to qualify for registration .

As far as the registration of fishing vessels was concerned , the Danish Government accepted that Community law had an effect on the criteria adopted by the member states , but only in so far as the application of the general requirements of registration would preclude citizens from other member states from pursuing an economic activity which they were otherwise entitled to pursue .
as far as the registration of fishing vessels was concerned , the danish government accepted that community law had an effect on the criteria adopted by the member states , but only in so far as the [use] of the general requirements of registration would preclude citizens from other member states from pursuing an economic activity which they were otherwise entitled to pursue .

If , on the other hand , ‘ domicile ’ had the meaning which that term had been given for the purposes of the application of the Brussels Convention , it must be assimilated to residence .
if , on the other hand , ‘ domicile ’ had the meaning which that term had been given for the purposes of the [use] of the brussels convention , it must be assimilated to residence .

Consequently , the application of the conditions to vessels fishing entirely for non-quota stocks , such as The Brisca of Rawlings ( Trawling ) Ltd. , was without any justification .
consequently , the [use] of the conditions to vessels fishing entirely for non-quota stocks , such as the brisca of rawlings ( trawling ) ltd. , was without any justification .

As for companies from other member states , which by virtue of the first paragraph of article 58 are equated to natural persons for the purposes of the application of the provisions on the right of establishment , the Act of 1988 deprives them of the right to establish themselves in the United Kingdom through the intermediary of agencies , branches or subsidiaries , since it provides that only companies set up under the laws of the United Kingdom may be owners and operators of fishing vessels , and restricts their right of participation in the capital of companies or firms , as the corresponding right of natural persons is restricted by the Act .
as for companies from other member states , which by virtue of the first paragraph of article 58 are equated to natural persons for the purposes of the [use] of the provisions on the right of establishment , the act of 1988 deprives them of the right to establish themselves in the united kingdom through the intermediary of agencies , branches or subsidiaries , since it provides that only companies set up under the laws of the united kingdom may be owners and operators of fishing vessels , and restricts their right of participation in the capital of companies or firms , as the corresponding right of natural persons is restricted by the act .

‘ member states shall accord nationals of the other member states the same treatment as their own nationals as regards participation in the capital of companies or firms within the meaning of article 58 , without prejudice to the application of the other provisions of this Treaty
‘ member states shall accord nationals of the other member states the same treatment as their own nationals as regards participation in the capital of companies or firms within the meaning of article 58 , without prejudice to the [use] of the other provisions of this treaty

prohibits the application of nationality requirements even where the persons concerned do not intend to establish themselves in the United Kingdom .
prohibits the [use] of nationality requirements even where the persons concerned do not intend to establish themselves in the united kingdom .

‘ prohibits not only overt discrimination by reason of nationality but also all covert forms of discrimination which , by the application of other criteria of differentiation , lead in fact to the same result …
‘ prohibits not only overt discrimination by reason of nationality but also all covert forms of discrimination which , by the [use] of other criteria of differentiation , lead in fact to the same result …

4 . The application of the requirements at issue to fishing vessels previously registered in the old register
4 . the [use] of the requirements at issue to fishing vessels previously registered in the old register

It is again common ground that the appropriate course for the House now to take in accordance with regulation 143 of the Regulations of 1989 is to adjourn the hearing of the defendant 's application for an order under section 18 , which will automatically activate the procedure under regulation 147 requiring the defendant , if he is minded to pursue the matter , to file evidence in support of his claim .
it is again common ground that the appropriate course for the house now to take in accordance with regulation 143 of the regulations of 1989 is to adjourn the hearing of the defendant 's [use] for an order under section 18 , which will automatically activate the procedure under regulation 147 requiring the defendant , if he is minded to pursue the matter , to file evidence in support of his claim .

‘ 143(1) On an application for an order under section 18 of the Act made in respect of proceedings in the Supreme Court ( except proceedings on appeal from a county court ) or in the House of Lords , the court shall not make an order forthwith , but may in its discretion — ( a ) refer the application to a master or registrar for hearing and determination ; or ( b ) adjourn the hearing of the application ; or ( c ) dismiss the application … ’
‘ 143(1) on an [use] for an order under section 18 of the act made in respect of proceedings in the supreme court ( except proceedings on appeal from a county court ) or in the house of lords , the court shall not make an order forthwith , but may in its discretion — ( a ) refer the [use] to a master or registrar for hearing and determination ; or ( b ) adjourn the hearing of the [use] ; or ( c ) dismiss the [use] … ’

If the court adjourns the hearing of an application in accordance with regulation 143 but does not refer it for inquiry and report , then — ( a ) within 21 days of the adjournment , the unassisted party shall file an affidavit of costs and resources together with original exhibits and any other documents necessary to support the affidavit ; and ( b ) not less than 21 days before the adjourned hearing , the unassisted party shall serve notice on the area director of the date and time of the adjourned hearing together with a copy of his affidavit of costs and resources ( and of any exhibits and supporting documents ) .
if the court adjourns the hearing of an [use] in accordance with regulation 143 but does not refer it for inquiry and report , then — ( a ) within 21 days of the adjournment , the unassisted party shall file an affidavit of costs and resources together with original exhibits and any other documents necessary to support the affidavit ; and ( b ) not less than 21 days before the adjourned hearing , the unassisted party shall serve notice on the area director of the date and time of the adjourned hearing together with a copy of his affidavit of costs and resources ( and of any exhibits and supporting documents ) .

Hearing of defendant 's application for order under section 18 of Act of 1988 adjourned in accordance with regulation 143 of Regulations of 1989 .
hearing of defendant 's [use] for order under section 18 of act of 1988 adjourned in accordance with regulation 143 of regulations of 1989 .

It is apparent from section 13 that a basic valuation is necessary to the consideration of an application for a further advance .
it is apparent from section 13 that a basic valuation is necessary to the consideration of an [use] for a further advance .

There are variations in the literature used by each of the four plaintiffs and it is necessary to refer to the various brochures , application forms , conditions of employment and report forms . In the case of the Halifax Building Society , the brochure states in relation to valuations generally :
there are variations in the literature used by each of the four plaintiffs and it is necessary to refer to the various brochures , [use] forms , conditions of employment and report forms . in the case of the halifax building society , the brochure states in relation to valuations generally :

In the form of application for a mortgage the applicant is invited to state which type of inspection he requires .
in the form of [use] for a mortgage the applicant is invited to state which type of inspection he requires .

The form of application states :
the form of [use] states :

‘ Responsibility is accepted in the preparation of this report for the skill and diligence reasonably to be expected of a competent surveyor and valuer but the information it contains is for the confidential information only of the clients for whom it is prepared and of any building society , bank or other lender to whom written application for a mortgage advance has been made or will be made within 28 days after the date of this report .
‘ responsibility is accepted in the preparation of this report for the skill and diligence reasonably to be expected of a competent surveyor and valuer but the information it contains is for the confidential information only of the clients for whom it is prepared and of any building society , bank or other lender to whom written [use] for a mortgage advance has been made or will be made within 28 days after the date of this report .

In the form of application in relation to the house buyers ' report it is stated :
in the form of [use] in relation to the house buyers ' report it is stated :

In the case of each of the plaintiffs , the application form indicates that the borrower must ask for one of the three valuations referred to .
in the case of each of the plaintiffs , the [use] form indicates that the borrower must ask for one of the three valuations referred to .

The form of application states :
the form of [use] states :

By a notice of appeal dated 13 January 1992 the council appealed on the grounds that the assistant recorder ( 1 ) misdirected himself in holding that the question of suitability of given future accommodation for the purpose of sections 65 and 69 was one of fact and fell to be determined by the county court in proceedings for breach of statutory duty , and ( 2 ) ought to have held that the plaintiff should have proceeded by way of an application for judicial review .
by a notice of appeal dated 13 january 1992 the council appealed on the grounds that the assistant recorder ( 1 ) misdirected himself in holding that the question of suitability of given future accommodation for the purpose of sections 65 and 69 was one of fact and fell to be determined by the county court in proceedings for breach of statutory duty , and ( 2 ) ought to have held that the plaintiff should have proceeded by way of an [use] for judicial review .

It followed that in Cocks v. Thanet District Council , since the applicant for accommodation was apparently asserting a breach by the local authority of public law as distinct from private law duties , he was not entitled to proceed by action in the county court , but only by means of an application for judicial review .
it followed that in cocks v. thanet district council , since the applicant for accommodation was apparently asserting a breach by the local authority of public law as distinct from private law duties , he was not entitled to proceed by action in the county court , but only by means of an [use] for judicial review .

The plaintiff , in considering that application , was aware that the residents living by the two approach roads to the port would be affected 24 hours a day by the movement of heavy goods vehicles to and from the port but decided to grant planning permission because of the employment and economic benefits for the area resulting from the operation of a commercial port .
the plaintiff , in considering that [use] , was aware that the residents living by the two approach roads to the port would be affected 24 hours a day by the movement of heavy goods vehicles to and from the port but decided to grant planning permission because of the employment and economic benefits for the area resulting from the operation of a commercial port .

‘ Not later than 31 December 1985 or prior to the determination of a planning application for the development of land south of the other two dockyard basins with access via Pembroke Gate , whichever is the sooner , vehicular access to the site hereby permitted shall be reviewed .
‘ not later than 31 december 1985 or prior to the determination of a planning [use] for the development of land south of the other two dockyard basins with access via pembroke gate , whichever is the sooner , vehicular access to the site hereby permitted shall be reviewed .

The dock company had made no secret of the fact that this would occur and the council was fully aware of this during its consideration of the dock company 's planning application .
the dock company had made no secret of the fact that this would occur and the council was fully aware of this during its consideration of the dock company 's planning [use] .

Further council documents show that the appropriate department and the council itself had in mind the ‘ effect of traffic attraction to the site upon the environment in the approach roads , ’ but also had in mind ‘ the employment potential of the use proposed in the planning application .
further council documents show that the appropriate department and the council itself had in mind the ‘ effect of traffic attraction to the site upon the environment in the approach roads , ’ but also had in mind ‘ the employment potential of the use proposed in the planning [use] .

On 25 July 1985 the dock company put in a planning application for the construction of a Roll on — Roll off ( ‘ Ro-Ro ’ ) terminal in the River Medway .
on 25 july 1985 the dock company put in a planning [use] for the construction of a roll on — roll off ( ‘ ro-ro ’ ) terminal in the river medway .

However there is , in my opinion , a more fundamental reason why the section has no application in the present case .
however there is , in my opinion , a more fundamental reason why the section has no [use] in the present case .

Of course , Mr. Glick was fully entitled to point out to your Lordships that the vast majority of cases concerned with the recovery of tax which is not due will indeed be covered by statutory provisions regulating the right of recovery ; he also suggested that , if it should be held that section 33 has no application in the present case , steps can easily , and may well , be taken at an early opportunity to bring cases such as the present , which are in any event likely to be very rare , within its ambit .
of course , mr. glick was fully entitled to point out to your lordships that the vast majority of cases concerned with the recovery of tax which is not due will indeed be covered by statutory provisions regulating the right of recovery ; he also suggested that , if it should be held that section 33 has no [use] in the present case , steps can easily , and may well , be taken at an early opportunity to bring cases such as the present , which are in any event likely to be very rare , within its ambit .

If the remedies provided in England were of universal application then it is clear that this appeal would not have been before your Lordships .
if the remedies provided in england were of universal [use] then it is clear that this appeal would not have been before your lordships .

First and foremost he maintained that a mistake of law would be no defence to the application of the principle but as alternatives he submitted that the principle would be subject to the mistake of law defence or that the defence of mistake of law should be abrogated altogether .
first and foremost he maintained that a mistake of law would be no defence to the [use] of the principle but as alternatives he submitted that the principle would be subject to the mistake of law defence or that the defence of mistake of law should be abrogated altogether .

Defence counsel 's application for the judge to inspect the sister 's first statement under section 17 of the Evidence Act to determine whether or not it should be made available to the defence was refused .
defence counsel 's [use] for the judge to inspect the sister 's first statement under section 17 of the evidence act to determine whether or not it should be made available to the defence was refused .

Matters were not improved for the defence when the trial judge refused Mr. Small 's application for the judge to look at the January statement for himself pursuant to section 17 of the Evidence Act .
matters were not improved for the defence when the trial judge refused mr. small 's [use] for the judge to look at the january statement for himself pursuant to section 17 of the evidence act .

He gave as the ground for his refusal Matadial 's acceptance that her statement to the police was incorrect , but Mr. Pantry did not oppose the application and their Lordships consider that the judge would have done better to read the statement before giving his ruling .
he gave as the ground for his refusal matadial 's acceptance that her statement to the police was incorrect , but mr. pantry did not oppose the [use] and their lordships consider that the judge would have done better to read the statement before giving his ruling .

The plaintiffs argue that the same principle should apply in favour of making an order that the defendant should deliver up such property on the basis that such an order is not an order for discovery and that the authorities relating to discovery have no application .
the plaintiffs argue that the same principle should apply in favour of making an order that the defendant should deliver up such property on the basis that such an order is not an order for discovery and that the authorities relating to discovery have no [use] .

On an application by the deceased 's mother for judicial review of the coroner 's decision not to hold an inquest : —
on an [use] by the deceased 's mother for judicial review of the coroner 's decision not to hold an inquest : —

The Attorney-General was joined as a respondent to the application because he had declined to grant his fiat under section 13 of the Coroners Act 1988 , but at the hearing he was released from the proceedings with the consent of all parties .
the attorney-general was joined as a respondent to the [use] because he had declined to grant his fiat under section 13 of the coroners act 1988 , but at the hearing he was released from the proceedings with the consent of all parties .

Application granted .
[use] granted .

On the foster mother 's application under section 10 ( 9 ) of the Children Act 1989 for leave to apply for residence orders under section 8 of the Act in respect of the children , no direction was made that the children 's natural mother be notified , and she remained unaware of the application until it had been determined .
on the foster mother 's [use] under section 10 ( 9 ) of the children act 1989 for leave to apply for residence orders under section 8 of the act in respect of the children , no direction was made that the children 's natural mother be notified , and she remained unaware of the [use] until it had been determined .

The judge , concluding that the court 's paramount consideration on such an application was the children 's welfare , in accordance with section 1 ( 1 ) of the Act , and that its power to interfere with the local authority 's proposals for the children was not confined to exceptional circumstances , granted the foster mother leave to apply for residence orders in respect of the children .
the judge , concluding that the court 's paramount consideration on such an [use] was the children 's welfare , in accordance with section 1 ( 1 ) of the act , and that its power to interfere with the local authority 's proposals for the children was not confined to exceptional circumstances , granted the foster mother leave to apply for residence orders in respect of the children .

The court should approach an application for leave under section 10 ( 9 ) on the basis that the local authority 's plans for the child 's future are designed to safeguard and promote the child 's welfare and that any departure therefrom might disrupt the child 's life to the extent of harming him ( post , pp .
the court should approach an [use] for leave under section 10 ( 9 ) on the basis that the local authority 's plans for the child 's future are designed to safeguard and promote the child 's welfare and that any departure therefrom might disrupt the child 's life to the extent of harming him ( post , pp .

By agreement between the foster mother and the local authority the hearing of the substantive application for judicial review commenced on 11 December 1991 was to be treated as the hearing of the applications under section 10 ( 9 ) of the Act of 1989 , and the foster mother agreed to the formal dismissal of her application for judicial review if leave were granted .
by agreement between the foster mother and the local authority the hearing of the substantive [use] for judicial review commenced on 11 december 1991 was to be treated as the hearing of the applications under section 10 ( 9 ) of the act of 1989 , and the foster mother agreed to the formal dismissal of her [use] for judicial review if leave were granted .

By a notice of appeal dated 24 December 1991 the local authority appealed with leave of the judge on the grounds that ( 1 ) the judge had erred in law or misdirected himself as to the criteria to be applied to the decision whether leave should be granted in respect of an application by a former foster parent ; ( 2 ) the judge should have applied the test whether ( a ) there were quite exceptional circumstances disclosed necessitating the ousting of the local authority and the consequent discharge of the care order , and ( b ) there was a real likelihood that the applicant could persuade the court to adopt that course and ( c ) such a course was in the interests of the children ; ( 3 ) alternatively , if the judge had adopted the correct test , his exercise of his discretion had been plainly wrong in that he had failed to give any or sufficient weight to ( a ) the disturbing effects on the children of further investigation , ( b ) the fact that if residence orders were made the care order would be discharged , ( c ) the shared responsibility between the foster mother and the mother resulting from section 12(2) of the Act of 1989 , ( d ) the fact that the foster mother 's proper remedy was her application for judicial review , and ( e ) the wishes of the children and the mother .
by a notice of appeal dated 24 december 1991 the local authority appealed with leave of the judge on the grounds that ( 1 ) the judge had erred in law or misdirected himself as to the criteria to be applied to the decision whether leave should be granted in respect of an [use] by a former foster parent ; ( 2 ) the judge should have applied the test whether ( a ) there were quite exceptional circumstances disclosed necessitating the ousting of the local authority and the consequent discharge of the care order , and ( b ) there was a real likelihood that the applicant could persuade the court to adopt that course and ( c ) such a course was in the interests of the children ; ( 3 ) alternatively , if the judge had adopted the correct test , his exercise of his discretion had been plainly wrong in that he had failed to give any or sufficient weight to ( a ) the disturbing effects on the children of further investigation , ( b ) the fact that if residence orders were made the care order would be discharged , ( c ) the shared responsibility between the foster mother and the mother resulting from section 12(2) of the act of 1989 , ( d ) the fact that the foster mother 's proper remedy was her [use] for judicial review , and ( e ) the wishes of the children and the mother .

The mother knew of the foster mother 's application for judicial review , but was told ( correctly ) that she was not directly involved with those proceedings .
the mother knew of the foster mother 's [use] for judicial review , but was told ( correctly ) that she was not directly involved with those proceedings .

She was not told of the foster mother 's application for leave to apply for a residence order and knew nothing about it until after leave had been granted .
she was not told of the foster mother 's [use] for leave to apply for a residence order and knew nothing about it until after leave had been granted .

The foster mother 's application for leave to apply for a residence order under section 8 was governed by section 10(9) which provides :
the foster mother 's [use] for leave to apply for a residence order under section 8 was governed by section 10(9) which provides :

‘ Where the person applying for leave to make an application for a section 8 order is not the child concerned , the court shall , in deciding whether or not to grant leave , have particular regard to — ( a ) the nature of the proposed application for the section 8 order ; ( b ) the applicant 's connection with the child ; ( c ) any risk there might be of that proposed application disrupting the child 's life to such an extent that he would be harmed by it ; and ( d ) where the child is being looked after by a local authority — ( i ) the authority 's plans for the child 's future ; and ( ii ) the wishes and feelings of the child 's parents .
‘ where the person applying for leave to make an [use] for a section 8 order is not the child concerned , the court shall , in deciding whether or not to grant leave , have particular regard to — ( a ) the nature of the proposed [use] for the section 8 order ; ( b ) the applicant 's connection with the child ; ( c ) any risk there might be of that proposed [use] disrupting the child 's life to such an extent that he would be harmed by it ; and ( d ) where the child is being looked after by a local authority — ( i ) the authority 's plans for the child 's future ; and ( ii ) the wishes and feelings of the child 's parents .

He held that , even on an application for leave , the court must have regard to the child 's welfare as the paramount consideration . The substance of his approach to the application before him is to be found in the following passages from his judgment :
he held that , even on an [use] for leave , the court must have regard to the child 's welfare as the paramount consideration . the substance of his approach to the [use] before him is to be found in the following passages from his judgment :

In order that there should be no undue delay , the order of 20 December 1991 contemplated that the foster mother 's application for a residence order should be made , and the necessary preparatory steps taken notwithstanding the pendency of this appeal .
in order that there should be no undue delay , the order of 20 december 1991 contemplated that the foster mother 's [use] for a residence order should be made , and the necessary preparatory steps taken notwithstanding the pendency of this appeal .

The application was duly made , the proceedings were brought up into the High Court , and on 27 January 1992 the Official Solicitor was appointed guardian ad litem of the four children who , together with the mother and the local authority , were respondents to the foster mother 's application .
the [use] was duly made , the proceedings were brought up into the high court , and on 27 january 1992 the official solicitor was appointed guardian ad litem of the four children who , together with the mother and the local authority , were respondents to the foster mother 's [use] .

On 26 March 1992 the Official Solicitor made a report , whose purpose was to consider the question of interim contact between the foster mother and the children prior to the substantive hearing of her application .
on 26 march 1992 the official solicitor made a report , whose purpose was to consider the question of interim contact between the foster mother and the children prior to the substantive hearing of her [use] .

In my judgment the judge was wrong in holding that on an application for leave to apply for a section 8 order by a person other than the child concerned , the child 's welfare is the paramount consideration .
in my judgment the judge was wrong in holding that on an [use] for leave to apply for a section 8 order by a person other than the child concerned , the child 's welfare is the paramount consideration .

The application of this incorrect test may have materially affected the judge 's decision , since he may well have considered that the children 's welfare overrode the mother 's wishes and feelings , a matter to which he should have had particular regard under section 10 ( 9 ) ( d ) ( ii ) .
the [use] of this incorrect test may have materially affected the judge 's decision , since he may well have considered that the children 's welfare overrode the mother 's wishes and feelings , a matter to which he should have had particular regard under section 10 ( 9 ) ( d ) ( ii ) .

The judge 's failure to apply the correct test in this respect was compounded by the fact that he was deprived of the material which was necessary for the proper exercise of his discretion because of his failure to require that the mother be notified of the foster mother 's application for leave under rule 4.3 ( 2 ) ( b ) of the Family Proceedings Rules 1991 .
the judge 's failure to apply the correct test in this respect was compounded by the fact that he was deprived of the material which was necessary for the proper exercise of his discretion because of his failure to require that the mother be notified of the foster mother 's [use] for leave under rule 4.3 ( 2 ) ( b ) of the family proceedings rules 1991 .

If there is to be a full hearing of her application for a residence order it seems improbable that it could now be heard before the end of July at the earliest .
if there is to be a full hearing of her [use] for a residence order it seems improbable that it could now be heard before the end of july at the earliest .

Contempt of Court — Committal order — Civil contempt — Breach of injunction — Application to adduce fresh evidence to excuse contempt — Whether fresh evidence admissible — Criminal Appeal Act 1968 ( c. 19 ) , s. 23
contempt of court — committal order — civil contempt — breach of injunction — [use] to adduce fresh evidence to excuse contempt — whether fresh evidence admissible — criminal appeal act 1968 ( c. 19 ) , s. 23

The plaintiff served on the defendants notice of motion making application to the county court to commit them to prison for the alleged contempt of court entailed by breach of the injunction .
the plaintiff served on the defendants notice of motion making [use] to the county court to commit them to prison for the alleged contempt of court entailed by breach of the injunction .

On the defendants ' appeal and application for leave to adduce fresh evidence : —
on the defendants ' appeal and [use] for leave to adduce fresh evidence : —

Further applications in committal proceedings where no error by the court at the original hearing is alleged should be dealt with by an application to the county court for a rehearing under Order 37 of the County Court Rules 1981 .
further applications in committal proceedings where no error by the court at the original hearing is alleged should be dealt with by an [use] to the county court for a rehearing under order 37 of the county court rules 1981 .

It is that further mortgage , which was in all major respects recreating the terms of the September mortgage , which is alleged to be in breach of the court 's order and is the subject of the application for committal for contempt .
it is that further mortgage , which was in all major respects recreating the terms of the september mortgage , which is alleged to be in breach of the court 's order and is the subject of the [use] for committal for contempt .

The application by Mr. Wadsworth on behalf of the appellants to adduce fresh evidence before this court is for the purpose of explaining the appellants ' apparently defiant behaviour towards the judge , and the first question we have to address our minds to is whether that evidence should be admitted .
the [use] by mr. wadsworth on behalf of the appellants to adduce fresh evidence before this court is for the purpose of explaining the appellants ' apparently defiant behaviour towards the judge , and the first question we have to address our minds to is whether that evidence should be admitted .

Mr. Wadsworth submits that we should approach the present application on the basis of those words in the introduction to section 23 , namely the court ‘ may , if they think it necessary or expedient in the interests of justice , ’ make the necessary order .
mr. wadsworth submits that we should approach the present [use] on the basis of those words in the introduction to section 23 , namely the court ‘ may , if they think it necessary or expedient in the interests of justice , ’ make the necessary order .

Finally , the question arises whether this application should have been made to the Court of Appeal .
finally , the question arises whether this [use] should have been made to the court of appeal .

Affidavit evidence from the appellants , which ought to have been before the judge , has now been put before this court and an application has been made for leave to adduce this as additional evidence on the hearing of the appeal .
affidavit evidence from the appellants , which ought to have been before the judge , has now been put before this court and an [use] has been made for leave to adduce this as additional evidence on the hearing of the appeal .

That said , however , the course which should normally be followed , if circumstances such as those before us ever arise again , is for the defendant to apply to the county court for a rehearing under Order 37 of the County Court Rules , and to adduce his affidavit evidence in support of that application .
that said , however , the course which should normally be followed , if circumstances such as those before us ever arise again , is for the defendant to apply to the county court for a rehearing under order 37 of the county court rules , and to adduce his affidavit evidence in support of that [use] .

‘ Now if anything be certain it is this , that where there are general words in a later Act capable of reasonable and sensible application without extending them to subjects specifically dealt with by earlier legislation , you are not to hold that earlier and special legislation indirectly repealed , altered , or derogated from merely by force of such general words , without any indication of a particular intention to do so .
‘ now if anything be certain it is this , that where there are general words in a later act capable of reasonable and sensible [use] without extending them to subjects specifically dealt with by earlier legislation , you are not to hold that earlier and special legislation indirectly repealed , altered , or derogated from merely by force of such general words , without any indication of a particular intention to do so .

We do not regard section 433 of the Insolvency Act 1986 as a provision of general application subject to a special exemption created by section 31 of the Theft Act 1968 .
we do not regard section 433 of the insolvency act 1986 as a provision of general [use] subject to a special exemption created by section 31 of the theft act 1968 .

The local authority indicated that it would oppose the application .
the local authority indicated that it would oppose the [use] .

The grounds of appeal were , inter alia , that ( 1 ) the justices had exercised their discretion to award costs on the wrong principles as it had not been shown that the local authority had acted in bad faith or unreasonable in the performance of its statutory duties or had acted unreasonably in the conduct of the proceedings before the court ; ( 2 ) there were no circumstances which justified the making of the costs order ; ( 3 ) the justice should have found that there were good reasons for the local authority to be concerned about the father 's ability to care for the children , the local authority was not bound to adopt the view of the guardian ad litem and the local authority had communicated the decision not to oppose the father 's application within a reasonable time on receiving the report of the guardian ad litem ; ( 4 ) the justices had been wrong to assume that the change in the view of the local authority amounted to an admission that the views of the local authority had been wrong all the time .
the grounds of appeal were , inter alia , that ( 1 ) the justices had exercised their discretion to award costs on the wrong principles as it had not been shown that the local authority had acted in bad faith or unreasonable in the performance of its statutory duties or had acted unreasonably in the conduct of the proceedings before the court ; ( 2 ) there were no circumstances which justified the making of the costs order ; ( 3 ) the justice should have found that there were good reasons for the local authority to be concerned about the father 's ability to care for the children , the local authority was not bound to adopt the view of the guardian ad litem and the local authority had communicated the decision not to oppose the father 's [use] within a reasonable time on receiving the report of the guardian ad litem ; ( 4 ) the justices had been wrong to assume that the change in the view of the local authority amounted to an admission that the views of the local authority had been wrong all the time .

The father found out what had happened and on 22 November 1991 issued an application in the local family proceedings court asking for a residence order , the effect of which would be to revoke the care order .
the father found out what had happened and on 22 november 1991 issued an [use] in the local family proceedings court asking for a residence order , the effect of which would be to revoke the care order .

In response to that application the local authority social worker filed a statement opposing the father 's application and proposing instead that the children be placed with long-term foster parents .
in response to that [use] the local authority social worker filed a statement opposing the father 's [use] and proposing instead that the children be placed with long-term foster parents .

On 23 December 1991 the directions hearing contemplated by the Children Act 1989 procedure was held in the family proceedings court and the hearing of the father 's application fixed for 27 and 28 January 1992 .
on 23 december 1991 the directions hearing contemplated by the children act 1989 procedure was held in the family proceedings court and the hearing of the father 's [use] fixed for 27 and 28 january 1992 .

The hearing occupied the justices on 27 and 28 January 1992 , the second day being occupied largely with a consideration of the mother 's application for a contact order .
the hearing occupied the justices on 27 and 28 january 1992 , the second day being occupied largely with a consideration of the mother 's [use] for a contact order .

‘ ( 5 ) Before the court makes an order or refuses an application or request , the justices ' clerk shall record in writing — ( a ) the names of the justice or justices constituting the court by which the decision is made , and ( b ) in consultation with the justice or justices , the reasons for the court 's decision and any findings of fact .
‘ ( 5 ) before the court makes an order or refuses an [use] or request , the justices ' clerk shall record in writing — ( a ) the names of the justice or justices constituting the court by which the decision is made , and ( b ) in consultation with the justice or justices , the reasons for the court 's decision and any findings of fact .

( 6 ) When making an order or when refusing an application , the court , or one of the justices constituting the court by which the decision is made , shall state any findings of fact and the reasons for the court 's decision .
( 6 ) when making an order or when refusing an [use] , the court , or one of the justices constituting the court by which the decision is made , shall state any findings of fact and the reasons for the court 's decision .

‘ In summary she submitted that the local authority should bear the costs of the application of the father because at the time of his application the local authority either had access to all the information or they had access to all the information available to the guardian .
‘ in summary she submitted that the local authority should bear the costs of the [use] of the father because at the time of his [use] the local authority either had access to all the information or they had access to all the information available to the guardian .

The local authority 's decision to agree to his application was an admission that they had been wrong all the time .
the local authority 's decision to agree to his [use] was an admission that they had been wrong all the time .

‘ At the time the [ father ] made his application to the court the local authority had decided that it was in the best interests of the children that they be placed with long-term foster parents .
‘ at the time the [ father ] made his [use] to the court the local authority had decided that it was in the best interests of the children that they be placed with long-term foster parents .

On the application for a full care order the local authority proposed , again with the agreement of all parties , to continue the interim arrangements , with a view to exploring the possibility of placing the girl with her older half-sister as carer in due course .
on the [use] for a full care order the local authority proposed , again with the agreement of all parties , to continue the interim arrangements , with a view to exploring the possibility of placing the girl with her older half-sister as carer in due course .

By a notice of motion dated 14 February 1992 the local authority appealed against those parts of the order which directed that there should be no contact between the father and the girl until after the local authority review and that there should be supervised contact between the girl and her half-sister , on the grounds that ( 1 ) the justices had been wrong in law in failing to invite the parties to comment on the agreed proposals for contact ; ( 2 ) the justices had been wrong in law in failing to indicate to the parties the nature of the orders for contact which they proposed to make , thereby depriving the parties of the opportunity to make submissions relating to those proposals ; ( 3 ) the justices had wrongly exercised their discretion in authorising the local authority to refuse contact to the girl by the father for only six months when they had found as a fact , inter alia , that the father had abused the girl over a period of at least 18 months ; ( 4 ) the justices had been wrong to impose the condition of supervision on contact between the girl and her half-sister when there had been no application for such contact to be supervised , the evidence was that the half-sister had been enjoying unsupervised contact and that there was no evidence that there was any risk of the girl coming into contact with her father while having contact with her half-sister , and the justices had heard evidence that the local authority were considering placing the girl with her half-sister and by their order they had precluded the local authority from making such a placement and had fettered the discretion of the local authority ; and ( 5 ) the order was therefore contrary to the girl 's best interests .
by a notice of motion dated 14 february 1992 the local authority appealed against those parts of the order which directed that there should be no contact between the father and the girl until after the local authority review and that there should be supervised contact between the girl and her half-sister , on the grounds that ( 1 ) the justices had been wrong in law in failing to invite the parties to comment on the agreed proposals for contact ; ( 2 ) the justices had been wrong in law in failing to indicate to the parties the nature of the orders for contact which they proposed to make , thereby depriving the parties of the opportunity to make submissions relating to those proposals ; ( 3 ) the justices had wrongly exercised their discretion in authorising the local authority to refuse contact to the girl by the father for only six months when they had found as a fact , inter alia , that the father had abused the girl over a period of at least 18 months ; ( 4 ) the justices had been wrong to impose the condition of supervision on contact between the girl and her half-sister when there had been no [use] for such contact to be supervised , the evidence was that the half-sister had been enjoying unsupervised contact and that there was no evidence that there was any risk of the girl coming into contact with her father while having contact with her half-sister , and the justices had heard evidence that the local authority were considering placing the girl with her half-sister and by their order they had precluded the local authority from making such a placement and had fettered the discretion of the local authority ; and ( 5 ) the order was therefore contrary to the girl 's best interests .

The hearing of the application for a full care order was listed for 22 January 1992 .
the hearing of the [use] for a full care order was listed for 22 january 1992 .

Christou 's application for leave to appeal against conviction was refused by the single judge .
christou 's [use] for leave to appeal against conviction was refused by the single judge .

The application of Wright for leave to appeal against conviction was , also , refused by the single judge .
the [use] of wright for leave to appeal against conviction was , also , refused by the single judge .

On 16 March 1992 Wright applied for an extension of time in which to renew his application for leave to appeal against conviction and the application was listed to be heard on the same day as Christou 's appeal .
on 16 march 1992 wright applied for an extension of time in which to renew his [use] for leave to appeal against conviction and the [use] was listed to be heard on the same day as christou 's appeal .

Application for certificate under section 33(2) of the Criminal Appeal Act 1968 adjourned with liberty to apply .
[use] for certificate under section 33(2) of the criminal appeal act 1968 adjourned with liberty to apply .

The deputy judge , granting the application , rejected the claim by the Treasury Solicitor on behalf of the Crown that section 9 ( 4 ) of the Evidence ( Proceedings in Other Jurisdictions ) Act 1975excluded the court 's jurisdiction to make the order sought .
the deputy judge , granting the [use] , rejected the claim by the treasury solicitor on behalf of the crown that section 9 ( 4 ) of the evidence ( proceedings in other jurisdictions ) act 1975excluded the court 's jurisdiction to make the order sought .

By his order dated 8 April 1992 , made on the application of the defendants to the actions and opposed on behalf of the Crown by the Treasury Solicitor , the deputy judge directed that Dr. Hayes attend before an examiner for the purpose of taking his evidence on oath .
by his order dated 8 april 1992 , made on the [use] of the defendants to the actions and opposed on behalf of the crown by the treasury solicitor , the deputy judge directed that dr. hayes attend before an examiner for the purpose of taking his evidence on oath .

Section 1 provides that where an application is made which meets certain conditions , as is the case here :
section 1 provides that where an [use] is made which meets certain conditions , as is the case here :

The contrast between section 9 ( 4 ) and section 3 lies in the fact that section 9 ( 4 ) applies at the moment when the court is called upon to consider an application for an order under the Act , whereas section 3 applies only after and subject to an order being made .
the contrast between section 9 ( 4 ) and section 3 lies in the fact that section 9 ( 4 ) applies at the moment when the court is called upon to consider an [use] for an order under the act , whereas section 3 applies only after and subject to an order being made .

Furthermore the application of section 3 is not limited to officers or servants of the Crown .
furthermore the [use] of section 3 is not limited to officers or servants of the crown .

Section 9 ( 4 ) , which operates at the time of the application for an order under the Act , looks back towards the time in relation to which the witness would give evidence if an order was made and not forward to the time at which he would do so .
section 9 ( 4 ) , which operates at the time of the [use] for an order under the act , looks back towards the time in relation to which the witness would give evidence if an order was made and not forward to the time at which he would do so .

This bizarre outcome results from the application of an ancient and technical rule of law which requires the maximum duration of a term of years to be ascertainable from the outset .
this bizarre outcome results from the [use] of an ancient and technical rule of law which requires the maximum duration of a term of years to be ascertainable from the outset .

The judge concluded that since rule 4.4 ( 4 ) of the Family Proceedings Rules 1991did not expressly provide for the making of an application ex parte for a residence order and since section 9 ( 5 ) of the Children Act 1989 prohibited him from making either a prohibited steps order or a specific issue order to achieve that result he had no jurisdiction to make the orders sought .
the judge concluded that since rule 4.4 ( 4 ) of the family proceedings rules 1991did not expressly provide for the making of an [use] ex parte for a residence order and since section 9 ( 5 ) of the children act 1989 prohibited him from making either a prohibited steps order or a specific issue order to achieve that result he had no jurisdiction to make the orders sought .

‘ In any family proceedings in which a question arises with respect to the welfare of any child , the court may make a section 8 order with respect to the child if — … ( b ) the court considers that the order should be made even though no such application has been made .
‘ in any family proceedings in which a question arises with respect to the welfare of any child , the court may make a section 8 order with respect to the child if — … ( b ) the court considers that the order should be made even though no such [use] has been made .

In my judgment , the Act can not be read as being constrained by the Rules to preclude an ex parte application .
in my judgment , the act can not be read as being constrained by the rules to preclude an ex parte [use] .

In those circumstances , he had the jurisdiction under section 11 ( 7 ) to require the child to be returned , to direct the return of the child to the former matrimonial home and to the interim care of the father , and to direct that the three little girls should remain with their father pending an inter partes hearing of the application for a residence order .
in those circumstances , he had the jurisdiction under section 11 ( 7 ) to require the child to be returned , to direct the return of the child to the former matrimonial home and to the interim care of the father , and to direct that the three little girls should remain with their father pending an inter partes hearing of the [use] for a residence order .

In this case , as in all other ex parte applications , it is not to be taken that an ex parte application for the return of a child , or an ex parte application for an interim residence order , will be granted easily .
in this case , as in all other ex parte applications , it is not to be taken that an ex parte [use] for the return of a child , or an ex parte [use] for an interim residence order , will be granted easily .

In the majority of cases it is preferable that there should be service of the application upon the other side .
in the majority of cases it is preferable that there should be service of the [use] upon the other side .

The 21 days for a residence order application is the standard .
the 21 days for a residence order [use] is the standard .

If the effect of the rule was that an emergency ring holding position could not be achieved by making a residence order , because of a requirement for 21 days notice , then section 9(5) would have no application and the judge was free to achieve the objective by means of a specific issue order and/or a prohibited steps order .
if the effect of the rule was that an emergency ring holding position could not be achieved by making a residence order , because of a requirement for 21 days notice , then section 9(5) would have no [use] and the judge was free to achieve the objective by means of a specific issue order and/or a prohibited steps order .

On the receivers ' application to determine whether receivers appointed over the property of an unregistered company were administrative receivers within the meaning of section 29(2) of the Insolvency Act 1986 : —
on the receivers ' [use] to determine whether receivers appointed over the property of an unregistered company were administrative receivers within the meaning of section 29(2) of the insolvency act 1986 : —

By an application dated 26 February 1992 Philip Rodney Sykes and John Roger Hill of Binder Hamlyn , appointed receivers pursuant to a facility letter dated 15 May 1990 and a debenture dated 28 April 1989 made between the respondent , International Bulk Commodities Ltd. of 80 , Broad Street , Monrovia , Liberia , and the Swiss Bank Corporation , sought , inter alia , a declaration on the question whether they were administrative receivers within the meaning of section 29(2) of the Insolvency Act 1986 or receivers whose powers were limited to those conferred by the debenture .
by an [use] dated 26 february 1992 philip rodney sykes and john roger hill of binder hamlyn , appointed receivers pursuant to a facility letter dated 15 may 1990 and a debenture dated 28 april 1989 made between the respondent , international bulk commodities ltd. of 80 , broad street , monrovia , liberia , and the swiss bank corporation , sought , inter alia , a declaration on the question whether they were administrative receivers within the meaning of section 29(2) of the insolvency act 1986 or receivers whose powers were limited to those conferred by the debenture .

The dispute on this application is whether the receivers , who are the applicants , are ‘ administrative receivers ’ within the meaning of the Insolvency Act 1986 , or are simply contractual receivers appointed out of court with powers limited to those contractually conferred by the terms of the debenture .
the dispute on this [use] is whether the receivers , who are the applicants , are ‘ administrative receivers ’ within the meaning of the insolvency act 1986 , or are simply contractual receivers appointed out of court with powers limited to those contractually conferred by the terms of the debenture .

On 26 February 1992 an application was issued for the determination of that question . Paragraph 1 of the application seeks a declaration :
on 26 february 1992 an [use] was issued for the determination of that question . paragraph 1 of the [use] seeks a declaration :

For example , in the definition of when a company becomes insolvent for the purposes of disqualification of unfit directors of insolvent companies : see section 6 ( 2 ) ( b ) ; and the application of the reporting provisions affecting administrative receivers as office holders in section 7 ( 3 ) ( d ) and section 7 ( 4 ) .
for example , in the definition of when a company becomes insolvent for the purposes of disqualification of unfit directors of insolvent companies : see section 6 ( 2 ) ( b ) ; and the [use] of the reporting provisions affecting administrative receivers as office holders in section 7 ( 3 ) ( d ) and section 7 ( 4 ) .

On the application of the trustee in bankruptcy for declarations that the properties were vested in him : —
on the [use] of the trustee in bankruptcy for declarations that the properties were vested in him : —

By this application before me the trustee seeks a decision on this question and , in any event , an order for sale of 100 , Gurney Road .
by this [use] before me the trustee seeks a decision on this question and , in any event , an order for sale of 100 , gurney road .

The court to which such an application is made is the court to which the debtor would present his own petition unless the demand was served by a Government department , the debt is the subject of a judgment and the demand indicated an intention to present a bankruptcy petition in the High Court , in which case the application is made to the High Court .
the court to which such an [use] is made is the court to which the debtor would present his own petition unless the demand was served by a government department , the debt is the subject of a judgment and the demand indicated an intention to present a bankruptcy petition in the high court , in which case the [use] is made to the high court .

Application for an extension of time to apply to set aside a statutory demand can be made to a bankruptcy judge in the High Court or to a registrar of the appropriate county court .
[use] for an extension of time to apply to set aside a statutory demand can be made to a bankruptcy judge in the high court or to a registrar of the appropriate county court .

As from the time the application to set aside is made , the time limited for compliance ceases to run .
as from the time the [use] to set aside is made , the time limited for compliance ceases to run .

The application must be supported by an affidavit specifying when the demand came into the debtor 's hands and the grounds on which he claims it should be set aside , and a copy of the demand must be exhibited to the affidavit .
the [use] must be supported by an affidavit specifying when the demand came into the debtor 's hands and the grounds on which he claims it should be set aside , and a copy of the demand must be exhibited to the affidavit .

On receipt of the application , the court can dismiss it without giving notice to the creditor and , immediately the application is dismissed , time for compliance with the demand starts to run again .
on receipt of the [use] , the court can dismiss it without giving notice to the creditor and , immediately the [use] is dismissed , time for compliance with the demand starts to run again .

If the application is not dismissed , the court must fix a hearing , at least seven days ' notice of which must be given to the debtor ( or his solicitor if the application was made by his solicitor ) and the creditor and the person named in the demand , if any , with whom communication regarding the demand can be made .
if the [use] is not dismissed , the court must fix a hearing , at least seven days ' notice of which must be given to the debtor ( or his solicitor if the [use] was made by his solicitor ) and the creditor and the person named in the demand , if any , with whom communication regarding the demand can be made .

On hearing the application , the court can determine the matter summarily or adjourn it , giving such directions as are appropriate .
on hearing the [use] , the court can determine the matter summarily or adjourn it , giving such directions as are appropriate .

Where inability to pay is based upon the failure to comply with a statutory demand , the date and manner of service of the demand must be stated and that to the best of the petitioner 's knowledge , the demand has neither been complied with nor set aside nor is any application to set aside outstanding ( r 6.8(2) ) .
where inability to pay is based upon the failure to comply with a statutory demand , the date and manner of service of the demand must be stated and that to the best of the petitioner 's knowledge , the demand has neither been complied with nor set aside nor is any [use] to set aside outstanding ( r 6.8(2) ) .

The certificate of summary administration can be revoked either on the court 's own motion or on the application of the official receiver ( r 6.50 ) if it appears that the certificate should not have been issued ( s 275(3) ) .
the certificate of summary administration can be revoked either on the court 's own motion or on the [use] of the official receiver ( r 6.50 ) if it appears that the certificate should not have been issued ( s 275(3) ) .

( b ) Application
( b ) [use]

An application for the appointment of an interim receiver can be made by the debtor himself , a creditor or the insolvency practitioner appointed by the court to prepare a report under 5273 ( r 6.51 ) .
an [use] for the appointment of an interim receiver can be made by the debtor himself , a creditor or the insolvency practitioner appointed by the court to prepare a report under 5273 ( r 6.51 ) .

The application must be supported by an affidavit setting out the grounds for the application , whether or not the official receiver has been informed of it and an estimate of the value of the assets of the debtor .
the [use] must be supported by an affidavit setting out the grounds for the [use] , whether or not the official receiver has been informed of it and an estimate of the value of the assets of the debtor .

Copies of the application must be sent to the official receiver in sufficient time to enable him to attend the hearing of the application .
copies of the [use] must be sent to the official receiver in sufficient time to enable him to attend the hearing of the [use] .

It would not appear that the debtor need be informed of the application nor be given the opportunity to attend the hearing of the application .
it would not appear that the debtor need be informed of the [use] nor be given the opportunity to attend the hearing of the [use] .

If the amount of security proves to be insufficient , the court may , on the official receiver 's application , increase the amount to be deposited , and if the additional sum is not paid within two days after service of the order requiring it , then the interim receiver may be discharged .
if the amount of security proves to be insufficient , the court may , on the official receiver 's [use] , increase the amount to be deposited , and if the additional sum is not paid within two days after service of the order requiring it , then the interim receiver may be discharged .

The appointment of the interim receiver terminates when either the petition is dismissed or a bankruptcy order is made , and can also be terminated by the court on the application of the interim receiver , the official receiver ( if not the interim receiver ) , the debtor or any creditor ( r 6.57 ) .
the appointment of the interim receiver terminates when either the petition is dismissed or a bankruptcy order is made , and can also be terminated by the court on the [use] of the interim receiver , the official receiver ( if not the interim receiver ) , the debtor or any creditor ( r 6.57 ) .

There is no procedure for the attendance of the petitioning creditor to be dispensed with on application as applied under the 1952 Rules .
there is no procedure for the attendance of the petitioning creditor to be dispensed with on [use] as applied under the 1952 rules .

Where the court is satisfied that the petitioning creditor does not intend to prosecute his petition , either diligently or at all , by asking for it to be withdrawn or adjourned , it can , on the application of any other creditor who has given notice of his intention to appear , give the carriage of the petition to that other creditor ( who need not be owed £750 or more ) ( r 6.31 ) .
where the court is satisfied that the petitioning creditor does not intend to prosecute his petition , either diligently or at all , by asking for it to be withdrawn or adjourned , it can , on the [use] of any other creditor who has given notice of his intention to appear , give the carriage of the petition to that other creditor ( who need not be owed £750 or more ) ( r 6.31 ) .

If an application to rescind a bankruptcy order is to be made , application should be considered also , as a preliminary measure , for an order requiring the official receiver to suspend the action which he is otherwise obliged to take immediately after a bankruptcy order has been made , namely , to send notice of the order to the Chief Land Registrar , to advertise the order in a local newspaper and to gazette the order ( r 6.34 ) .
if an [use] to rescind a bankruptcy order is to be made , [use] should be considered also , as a preliminary measure , for an order requiring the official receiver to suspend the action which he is otherwise obliged to take immediately after a bankruptcy order has been made , namely , to send notice of the order to the chief land registrar , to advertise the order in a local newspaper and to gazette the order ( r 6.34 ) .

An application for annulment of a bankruptcy order must specify on which of the two alternative grounds in s 282 ( 1 ) it is made and in either case must be supported by an affidavit ( r 6.206 ) .
an [use] for annulment of a bankruptcy order must specify on which of the two alternative grounds in s 282 ( 1 ) it is made and in either case must be supported by an affidavit ( r 6.206 ) .

If the application is based upon payment of all the debts , the applicant must give at least twenty-eight days ' notice to the official receiver and ( if other ) the trustee and supply them with copies of the application and affidavit ( r 6.206 ( 4 ) ) .
if the [use] is based upon payment of all the debts , the applicant must give at least twenty-eight days ' notice to the official receiver and ( if other ) the trustee and supply them with copies of the [use] and affidavit ( r 6.206 ( 4 ) ) .

If the application for annulment is made because all the debts and expenses have been paid or secured , at least twenty-one days before the hearing fixed for the application to be heard , the trustee , or the official receiver if no trustee has been appointed , must file a report containing details of the assets and liabilities of the bankrupt , the circumstances leading to the bankruptcy and any other matters thought fit ( r 6.207 ( 2 ) ) .
if the [use] for annulment is made because all the debts and expenses have been paid or secured , at least twenty-one days before the hearing fixed for the [use] to be heard , the trustee , or the official receiver if no trustee has been appointed , must file a report containing details of the assets and liabilities of the bankrupt , the circumstances leading to the bankruptcy and any other matters thought fit ( r 6.207 ( 2 ) ) .

If the application is made on the grounds that debts have been paid or secured and it is known that there are creditors who have not proved their debts , the court may direct that notice be given to them of the application and order the trustee ( or official receiver ) to advertise the application and , in the meantime , adjourn the application for not less than thirty-five days ( r 6.209 ) .
if the [use] is made on the grounds that debts have been paid or secured and it is known that there are creditors who have not proved their debts , the court may direct that notice be given to them of the [use] and order the trustee ( or official receiver ) to advertise the [use] and , in the meantime , adjourn the [use] for not less than thirty-five days ( r 6.209 ) .

The court may direct that particulars of the alleged debt be advertised , and if no claim on the security is made within twelve months , the court can , on application , order the release of the security ( r 6.211 ( 4 ) ) .
the court may direct that particulars of the alleged debt be advertised , and if no claim on the security is made within twelve months , the court can , on [use] , order the release of the security ( r 6.211 ( 4 ) ) .

The court to which an application for a stay of action should be made is the court in which that action is pending and the court can either stay the action or allow it to continue on such terms as it thinks fit ( s 285 ( 2 ) ) .
the court to which an [use] for a stay of action should be made is the court in which that action is pending and the court can either stay the action or allow it to continue on such terms as it thinks fit ( s 285 ( 2 ) ) .

The official receiver must make such an application if requested to do so by one half , in value , of the creditors unless the court orders otherwise ( s 290 ( 2 ) ) .
the official receiver must make such an [use] if requested to do so by one half , in value , of the creditors unless the court orders otherwise ( s 290 ( 2 ) ) .

Rules 6.172 to 6:177 set out the procedure for the application for a public examination , requisitioning the official receiver to apply for such an examination , at the hearing itself and the expenses of it .
rules 6.172 to 6:177 set out the procedure for the [use] for a public examination , requisitioning the official receiver to apply for such an examination , at the hearing itself and the expenses of it .

Where a public examination is adjourned generally , the official receiver may , there and then , make application under 5 279(3) for the automatic discharge of the bankrupt not to take place ( r6.176(4) ) .
where a public examination is adjourned generally , the official receiver may , there and then , make [use] under 5 279(3) for the automatic discharge of the bankrupt not to take place ( r6.176(4) ) .

The court can , on the application of the official receiver or trustee , summon the bankrupt , his or her spouse , or any person suspected of having any property of the bankrupt in his possession or information as to the bankrupt 's dealings , affairs or property , to appear before it ( s 366(1) ) and , except as regards the bankrupt or his or her spouse , require an affidavit to be submitted to the court containing an account of dealings with the bankrupt or require the production of documents relating to the bankrupt 's dealings , affairs or property ( s 366(1) ) .
the court can , on the [use] of the official receiver or trustee , summon the bankrupt , his or her spouse , or any person suspected of having any property of the bankrupt in his possession or information as to the bankrupt 's dealings , affairs or property , to appear before it ( s 366(1) ) and , except as regards the bankrupt or his or her spouse , require an affidavit to be submitted to the court containing an account of dealings with the bankrupt or require the production of documents relating to the bankrupt 's dealings , affairs or property ( s 366(1) ) .

Where the court has made an order for the public examination of the bankrupt ( under s 290 ) or has issued a summons to appear under s 366 , the court may also order an Inland Revenue official , on the application of the official receiver or trustee , to produce to the court the relevant accounts or assessments submitted to the Inland Revenue ( s 369 ) .
where the court has made an order for the public examination of the bankrupt ( under s 290 ) or has issued a summons to appear under s 366 , the court may also order an inland revenue official , on the [use] of the official receiver or trustee , to produce to the court the relevant accounts or assessments submitted to the inland revenue ( s 369 ) .

If the creditors refuse to accept the trustee 's resignation , the court may , on the trustee 's application , give him leave to resign ( r 6.128 ) .
if the creditors refuse to accept the trustee 's resignation , the court may , on the trustee 's [use] , give him leave to resign ( r 6.128 ) .

However , if an application is made to the court for an order requiring the trustee to summon a meeting to consider a resolution for his removal as trustee , the court may , if it thinks no sufficient cause has been shown for the application , dismiss it but not until after an ex parte hearing of the applicant ( r 6.132 ( 2 ) ) .
however , if an [use] is made to the court for an order requiring the trustee to summon a meeting to consider a resolution for his removal as trustee , the court may , if it thinks no sufficient cause has been shown for the [use] , dismiss it but not until after an ex parte hearing of the applicant ( r 6.132 ( 2 ) ) .

If the court considers the application should proceed , a date will be fixed .
if the court considers the [use] should proceed , a date will be fixed .

The court can remove a trustee on the application of an interested person and r 6.132(2) applies to such an application as well .
the court can remove a trustee on the [use] of an interested person and r 6.132(2) applies to such an [use] as well .

If a creditor is dissatisfied with the decision of the trustee , the court may on the application of the creditor reverse or vary the trustee 's decision ( r 6.105 ) .
if a creditor is dissatisfied with the decision of the trustee , the court may on the [use] of the creditor reverse or vary the trustee 's decision ( r 6.105 ) .

However , subject to the power of the court to extend the time under s 376 , no application to reverse or vary the decision of the trustee rejecting a proof will be entertained unless notice of the application is given before the expiration of twenty-one days from the date of service of the notice of rejection ( r 6.105 ) .
however , subject to the power of the court to extend the time under s 376 , no [use] to reverse or vary the decision of the trustee rejecting a proof will be entertained unless notice of the [use] is given before the expiration of twenty-one days from the date of service of the notice of rejection ( r 6.105 ) .

If the creditor makes application for time to be extended , the trustee would be entitled to be heard .
if the creditor makes [use] for time to be extended , the trustee would be entitled to be heard .

The court may expunge or vary a proof which has been admitted either upon the application of the trustee or of a creditor if the trustee declines to interfere ( r 6.107 ) .
the court may expunge or vary a proof which has been admitted either upon the [use] of the trustee or of a creditor if the trustee declines to interfere ( r 6.107 ) .

The trustee must not , except with the leave of the court , proceed to declare a dividend whilst there is pending any application to the court to reverse or vary a decision of his on a proof or to expunge a proof or to reduce the amount claimed ( r 11.5 ( 2 ) ) .
the trustee must not , except with the leave of the court , proceed to declare a dividend whilst there is pending any [use] to the court to reverse or vary a decision of his on a proof or to expunge a proof or to reduce the amount claimed ( r 11.5 ( 2 ) ) .

Where the court is satisfied , on the application of the official receiver , that the bankrupt has failed to comply with any of his obligations under the Act , it can order that time shall cease to run for as long as or subject to such conditions as it thinks fit ( s 279(3) ) .
where the court is satisfied , on the [use] of the official receiver , that the bankrupt has failed to comply with any of his obligations under the act , it can order that time shall cease to run for as long as or subject to such conditions as it thinks fit ( s 279(3) ) .

This provision is subject to the bankrupt not having been bankrupt previously within the fifteen years prior to the adjudication ( Sched 11 , para 13 ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) ) and to an application by the official receiver under the equivalent of s 279 ( 3 ) ( ibid , para 13 ( 3 ) ) .
this provision is subject to the bankrupt not having been bankrupt previously within the fifteen years prior to the adjudication ( sched 11 , para 13 ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) ) and to an [use] by the official receiver under the equivalent of s 279 ( 3 ) ( ibid , para 13 ( 3 ) ) .

2 Discharge on application
2 discharge on [use]

On an application to the court , the court may refuse discharge , An order for discharge must not be issued or gazetted until the time allowed for appealing has expired or , if an appeal is entered , until the appeal has been determined ( r 6.221 ) .
on an [use] to the court , the court may refuse discharge , an order for discharge must not be issued or gazetted until the time allowed for appealing has expired or , if an appeal is entered , until the appeal has been determined ( r 6.221 ) .

It is necessary for the respondent to an application to be served with a sealed copy of an application .
it is necessary for the respondent to an [use] to be served with a sealed copy of an [use] .

Normally an application must be served at least fourteen days before the hearing of it , though the court has power to extend or abridge time under s 376 , and under r 7.4 ( 6 ) the court may hear an application immediately , with or without the attendance of the other party , or authorise a shorter period of service .
normally an [use] must be served at least fourteen days before the hearing of it , though the court has power to extend or abridge time under s 376 , and under r 7.4 ( 6 ) the court may hear an [use] immediately , with or without the attendance of the other party , or authorise a shorter period of service .

Where the Act or the rules do not require service of an application , the court may hear it ex parte ( r 7.5 ) .
where the act or the rules do not require service of an [use] , the court may hear it ex parte ( r 7.5 ) .

Unless allowed or authorised otherwise , every application before the registrar must be in chambers and every application before the judge may be heard in chambers ( r 7.6(1) ) .
unless allowed or authorised otherwise , every [use] before the registrar must be in chambers and every [use] before the judge may be heard in chambers ( r 7.6(1) ) .

Nothing in 7.6 precludes an application being made directly to the judge in a proper case ( r 7.6(4) ) .
nothing in 7.6 precludes an [use] being made directly to the judge in a proper case ( r 7.6(4) ) .

There 's been no skimping in the navigation or galley departments and with the application of a more personal touch , the cabin could become commendably comfortable for cruising .
there 's been no skimping in the navigation or galley departments and with the [use] of a more personal touch , the cabin could become commendably comfortable for cruising .

Pass the application , invitations , on to the Russian Embassy together with a photocopy of the crewmembers ' passports and three passport photos of each person .
pass the [use] , invitations , on to the russian embassy together with a photocopy of the crewmembers ' passports and three passport photos of each person .

The application form encouraged artists to submit proposals for installation , murals , outdoor sculpture .
the [use] form encouraged artists to submit proposals for installation , murals , outdoor sculpture .

The dark lips of the pod open to reveal a saturated red interior , created through the application of heat treatment and halmatite .
the dark lips of the pod open to reveal a saturated red interior , created through the [use] of heat treatment and halmatite .

Unconditional love is precisely what is given and received in the Anonymous Fellowships and the application of reality as the standard by which sufferers need to live serves gradually to clear away the confusion caused by addictive disease .
unconditional love is precisely what is given and received in the anonymous fellowships and the [use] of reality as the standard by which sufferers need to live serves gradually to clear away the confusion caused by addictive disease .

The most obvious application of the laws is in deciding whether or not a given pair of finite programs are equivalent .
the most obvious [use] of the laws is in deciding whether or not a given pair of finite programs are equivalent .

The second possible practical application of algebraic laws is for transforming programs to improve their efficiency in some way .
the second possible practical [use] of algebraic laws is for transforming programs to improve their efficiency in some way .

The final easily identified practical application for the laws is the transformation of general occam programs into restricted subsets of the language .
the final easily identified practical [use] for the laws is the transformation of general occam programs into restricted subsets of the language .

This principle may be infringed when a member of a board takes part in the granting or the rejection of an application for a licence in which he has a personal interest .
this principle may be infringed when a member of a board takes part in the granting or the rejection of an [use] for a licence in which he has a personal interest .

Where an application under the Act for a grant or renewal of a licence or extension of permitted hours , etc .
where an [use] under the act for a grant or renewal of a licence or extension of permitted hours , etc .

For an application to be an application for the renewal of a licence , it must be in respect of premises where there is a licence already in force and for a further grant in the form of that licence .
for an [use] to be an [use] for the renewal of a licence , it must be in respect of premises where there is a licence already in force and for a further grant in the form of that licence .

otherwise the application is an application for a grant of a new licence ( see definition of new licence in 5.139 ( 1 ) ) .
otherwise the [use] is an [use] for a grant of a new licence ( see definition of new licence in 5.139 ( 1 ) ) .

Provided that at a meeting of a licensing board the chairman shall not have a second or casting vote on an application for the grant or provisional grant of a new licence , and such an application shall be granted by the board only by a majority of the members thereof present and voting .
provided that at a meeting of a licensing board the chairman shall not have a second or casting vote on an [use] for the grant or provisional grant of a new licence , and such an [use] shall be granted by the board only by a majority of the members thereof present and voting .

It would appear the application must be granted , unless the motion for refusal on one of the grounds in 5.17 is passed by a majority vote .
it would appear the [use] must be granted , unless the motion for refusal on one of the grounds in 5.17 is passed by a majority vote .

The 1976 Act also makes a radical change as regards the grounds for granting or refusing an application for a licence .
the 1976 act also makes a radical change as regards the grounds for granting or refusing an [use] for a licence .

( 2 ) The subsection confers on the licensing board for the area where the premises to which an application relates are situated jurisdiction over the application . ``
( 2 ) the subsection confers on the licensing board for the area where the premises to which an [use] relates are situated jurisdiction over the [use] . ``

Application for licence
[use] for licence

10. ( 1 ) An application to a licensing board of any kind mentioned in subsection ( 6 ) below in respect of any premises shall be in such form as may be prescribed , shall be completed and signed by the applicant or his agent , and shall be lodged with the clerk of the licensing within whose area the premises are situated not later than five weeks before the first day of the meeting of the board at which the application is to be considered .
10. ( 1 ) an [use] to a licensing board of any kind mentioned in subsection ( 6 ) below in respect of any premises shall be in such form as may be prescribed , shall be completed and signed by the applicant or his agent , and shall be lodged with the clerk of the licensing within whose area the premises are situated not later than five weeks before the first day of the meeting of the board at which the [use] is to be considered .

( 2 ) In the case of an application for the grant of a new licence , the applicant shall , along with his application , lodge with the clerk of the board a plan of the premises in respect of which the application is made ; and ( ii ) arrange for the display at the premises , in a place and at a height where it can conveniently be read by the public , of a notice in the prescribed form intimating his application and the type of licence for which he applies , for a period of at least 21 days before the first day of the meeting as aforesaid .
( 2 ) in the case of an [use] for the grant of a new licence , the applicant shall , along with his [use] , lodge with the clerk of the board a plan of the premises in respect of which the [use] is made ; and ( ii ) arrange for the display at the premises , in a place and at a height where it can conveniently be read by the public , of a notice in the prescribed form intimating his [use] and the type of licence for which he applies , for a period of at least 21 days before the first day of the meeting as aforesaid .

Paragraph ( a ) of this subsection shall not apply to an application for the grant of an off-sale licence .
paragraph ( a ) of this subsection shall not apply to an [use] for the grant of an off-sale licence .

( 3 ) In the case of an application for the provisional grant of a new licence , the applicant shall , along with his application , lodge with the clerk of the board a plan of the premises in respect of which the application is made ; and arrange for the display at the site of the premises of a notice all as mentioned in subsection ( 2 ) ( ii ) above .
( 3 ) in the case of an [use] for the provisional grant of a new licence , the applicant shall , along with his [use] , lodge with the clerk of the board a plan of the premises in respect of which the [use] is made ; and arrange for the display at the site of the premises of a notice all as mentioned in subsection ( 2 ) ( ii ) above .

( 4 ) An applicant shall not be treated as having failed to comply with subsection ( 2 ) ( b ) above if the notice is , without any fault or intention of his , removed , obscured or defaced before the first day of the meeting of the board at which the application is to be considered , so long as he has taken reasonable steps for its protection and , if need be , replacement .
( 4 ) an applicant shall not be treated as having failed to comply with subsection ( 2 ) ( b ) above if the notice is , without any fault or intention of his , removed , obscured or defaced before the first day of the meeting of the board at which the [use] is to be considered , so long as he has taken reasonable steps for its protection and , if need be , replacement .

( 5 ) In the case of an application for the grant or provisional grant of a new licence , the applicant shall , not later than three weeks before the first day of the meeting of the board at which the application is to be considered , give notice in writing of the application to every occupier of premises situated in the same building as the premises to which the application relates .
( 5 ) in the case of an [use] for the grant or provisional grant of a new licence , the applicant shall , not later than three weeks before the first day of the meeting of the board at which the [use] is to be considered , give notice in writing of the [use] to every occupier of premises situated in the same building as the premises to which the [use] relates .

( 6 ) The applications referred to in subsection ( 1 ) above are as follows : a ) an application for the grant or renewal of a licence ; b ) an application for the provisional grant of a new licence ; c ) an application for a permanent transfer of a licence ; d ) an application for a regular extension of permitted hours .
( 6 ) the applications referred to in subsection ( 1 ) above are as follows : a ) an [use] for the grant or renewal of a licence ; b ) an [use] for the provisional grant of a new licence ; c ) an [use] for a permanent transfer of a licence ; d ) an [use] for a regular extension of permitted hours .

( 7 ) On receipt of an application of a kind referred to in subsection ( 6 ) above , and until the first day of the meeting of the board at which the application is to be considered , the clerk of a licensing board shall make the application , together with the documents lodged therewith , available for inspection by members of the public during normal office hours .
( 7 ) on receipt of an [use] of a kind referred to in subsection ( 6 ) above , and until the first day of the meeting of the board at which the [use] is to be considered , the clerk of a licensing board shall make the [use] , together with the documents lodged therewith , available for inspection by members of the public during normal office hours .

Such applications are to be made in such form as the board may prescribe , by the applicant or his agent , and lodged with the clerk to the licensing hoard at least five weeks before the first day of the meeting at which the application falls to be considered ( subs .
such applications are to be made in such form as the board may prescribe , by the applicant or his agent , and lodged with the clerk to the licensing hoard at least five weeks before the first day of the meeting at which the [use] falls to be considered ( subs .

The board to which an application is to be made is the board for the area in which the premises with which the application is concerned are situated ( subs .
the board to which an [use] is to be made is the board for the area in which the premises with which the [use] is concerned are situated ( subs .

The clerk is required to make the application available for inspection during normal office hours by members of the public from the date of lodging until the first day of the meeting at which it is to be considered ( subs .
the clerk is required to make the [use] available for inspection during normal office hours by members of the public from the date of lodging until the first day of the meeting at which it is to be considered ( subs .

An applicant for such a grant requires to lodge with his application a plan of the premises to which the application relates and to display a notice intimating his application at the proposed premises ( subss .
an applicant for such a grant requires to lodge with his [use] a plan of the premises to which the [use] relates and to display a notice intimating his [use] at the proposed premises ( subss .

He is also required , not later than three weeks before the date of the meeting , to give written notice of his application to all the occupiers of premises situated in the same building as the premises to which the application relates ( subs .
he is also required , not later than three weeks before the date of the meeting , to give written notice of his [use] to all the occupiers of premises situated in the same building as the premises to which the [use] relates ( subs .

( 1 ) Where an application is made for a new licence , or for the renewal or permanent transfer of a licence , by an applicant who is not an individual natural person , the following provisions of this section shall apply .
( 1 ) where an [use] is made for a new licence , or for the renewal or permanent transfer of a licence , by an applicant who is not an individual natural person , the following provisions of this section shall apply .

( 2 ) The application shall name both the applicant and the employee or agent of the applicant whom the applicant intends should have the responsibility for the day to day running of the premises to which the applications relates .
( 2 ) the [use] shall name both the applicant and the employee or agent of the applicant whom the applicant intends should have the responsibility for the day to day running of the premises to which the applications relates .

Where an application is granted , the licensing board shall grant the licence or transfer in the names of both persons mentioned in subsection ( 2 ) above , and any reference in this Act to the holder of a licence includes a reference to both of those persons .
where an [use] is granted , the licensing board shall grant the licence or transfer in the names of both persons mentioned in subsection ( 2 ) above , and any reference in this act to the holder of a licence includes a reference to both of those persons .

The application by a non-natural person must name the person who is to be responsible for the day-to-day running of the premises , and the licence granted or transferred as a result of the application must name both the non-natural person and the person who is to run the premises .
the [use] by a non-natural person must name the person who is to be responsible for the day-to-day running of the premises , and the licence granted or transferred as a result of the [use] must name both the non-natural person and the person who is to run the premises .

5.25 ( 3 ) makes special provision for an application by a non-natural person to change the name of the employee named in the licence as responsible for the day-to-day running of the premises .
5.25 ( 3 ) makes special provision for an [use] by a non-natural person to change the name of the employee named in the licence as responsible for the day-to-day running of the premises .

( 2 ) In relation to each application for a new licence , the list mentioned in subsection ( 1 ) above shall specify the name , designation and address of the applicant ; in the case of an application to which section 11 of this Act applies , the names , designations and addresses of both persons named in the application ; the address of the premises in respect of which the licence in desired ; the type of licence for which application is made ; the first day of the meeting of the licensing board at which the application is to be considered .
( 2 ) in relation to each [use] for a new licence , the list mentioned in subsection ( 1 ) above shall specify the name , designation and address of the applicant ; in the case of an [use] to which section 11 of this act applies , the names , designations and addresses of both persons named in the [use] ; the address of the premises in respect of which the licence in desired ; the type of licence for which [use] is made ; the first day of the meeting of the licensing board at which the [use] is to be considered .

( 3 ) In relation to each application for the regular extension of permitted hours , the list mentioned in subsection ( 1 ) above shall specify ( a ) the name , designation and address of the applicant ; ( b ) the address of the premises in respect of which the application is made and the type of licence held in respect of those premises ; the nature of the extension of hours for which application is made ; the first day of the meeting of the licensing board at which the application is to be considered .
( 3 ) in relation to each [use] for the regular extension of permitted hours , the list mentioned in subsection ( 1 ) above shall specify ( a ) the name , designation and address of the applicant ; ( b ) the address of the premises in respect of which the [use] is made and the type of licence held in respect of those premises ; the nature of the extension of hours for which [use] is made ; the first day of the meeting of the licensing board at which the [use] is to be considered .

( 2 ) ( b ) 5.11 requires , in the case of an application by a non-natural person , that both the non-natural person and the person who is to be responsible for the day-to-day running of the premises be named in the application .
( 2 ) ( b ) 5.11 requires , in the case of an [use] by a non-natural person , that both the non-natural person and the person who is to be responsible for the day-to-day running of the premises be named in the [use] .

Provided that where more than one application for a licence has been made in respect of any premises , the licensing board may hear and consider such applications together .
provided that where more than one [use] for a licence has been made in respect of any premises , the licensing board may hear and consider such applications together .

( 2 ) Where an applicant for the grant of a licence or an objector there to : ( a ) has , through inadvertence or misadventure , failed to comply with any of the preliminary requirements of this Act ; or ( b ) having duly lodged his application or objection , has died before the meeting of the board at which such application or objection was to have been heard ; the board may , if it thinks fit , and upon such terms as the board thinks proper , postpone the consideration of the application or objection to an adjourned meeting .
( 2 ) where an applicant for the grant of a licence or an objector there to : ( a ) has , through inadvertence or misadventure , failed to comply with any of the preliminary requirements of this act ; or ( b ) having duly lodged his [use] or objection , has died before the meeting of the board at which such [use] or objection was to have been heard ; the board may , if it thinks fit , and upon such terms as the board thinks proper , postpone the consideration of the [use] or objection to an adjourned meeting .

( 3 ) At such adjourned meeting the licensing board may , if it is satisfied that the terms specified by the board have been complied with ( a ) proceed to grant the licence to the applicant or , as the case may be , to his executors , representatives or disponees ( being possessed of the premises in respect of which the application has been made ) ; ( b ) proceed to consider the objection , whether on the part of the objector or , in the case of a deceased objector , on the part of his representatives ; as if the preliminary requirements of this Act had been complied with .
( 3 ) at such adjourned meeting the licensing board may , if it is satisfied that the terms specified by the board have been complied with ( a ) proceed to grant the licence to the applicant or , as the case may be , to his executors , representatives or disponees ( being possessed of the premises in respect of which the [use] has been made ) ; ( b ) proceed to consider the objection , whether on the part of the objector or , in the case of a deceased objector , on the part of his representatives ; as if the preliminary requirements of this act had been complied with .

The phrase `` new licence `` is defined in s.139 ( 1 ) of the Act as meaning `` a licence granted in respect of premises for which , at the time of the application for such grant , either no licence was in force or a licence different from the form of licence so granted was in force .
the phrase `` new licence `` is defined in s.139 ( 1 ) of the act as meaning `` a licence granted in respect of premises for which , at the time of the [use] for such grant , either no licence was in force or a licence different from the form of licence so granted was in force .

Such an interpretation would create procedural difficulties , particularly if , for example , a long adjournment were allowed of an application for renewal under the powers given by subs .
such an interpretation would create procedural difficulties , particularly if , for example , a long adjournment were allowed of an [use] for renewal under the powers given by subs .

Further application for new licence where previous application refused
further [use] for new licence where previous [use] refused

Where a licensing board has refused an application for a new licence in respect of any premises , the board shall not , within two years of its refusal , entertain a subsequent application for a new licence in respect of the same premises unless the board , at the time of refusing the first-mentioned application , makes a direction to the contrary .
where a licensing board has refused an [use] for a new licence in respect of any premises , the board shall not , within two years of its refusal , entertain a subsequent [use] for a new licence in respect of the same premises unless the board , at the time of refusing the first-mentioned [use] , makes a direction to the contrary .

The section prohibits a further application for a new licence for premises in respect of which an application for a licence has been refused by a licensing board within two years from the date of the refusal unless the board directs otherwise .
the section prohibits a further [use] for a new licence for premises in respect of which an [use] for a licence has been refused by a licensing board within two years from the date of the refusal unless the board directs otherwise .

The purpose of the section is to protect successful objectors from the necessity of having to renew their objections to the same application for a two year period .
the purpose of the section is to protect successful objectors from the necessity of having to renew their objections to the same [use] for a two year period .

The power to direct that the prohibition is not to apply to a refused application enables an applicant , whose application has been refused on grounds which are remediable or because of circumstances which are liable to change , tore-apply within a shorter period .
the power to direct that the prohibition is not to apply to a refused [use] enables an applicant , whose [use] has been refused on grounds which are remediable or because of circumstances which are liable to change , tore-apply within a shorter period .

Provided that the board may refuse such an application if the applicant , having been cited by the board to attend the meeting at which his application is to be considered , fails to attend such a meeting .
provided that the board may refuse such an [use] if the applicant , having been cited by the board to attend the meeting at which his [use] is to be considered , fails to attend such a meeting .

Except in the eases of applications for the renewal or permanent transfer of licences , a licensing board may decline to consider an application where the applicant or his representative are not in attendance at the meeting at which the application is to be considered ( subs .
except in the eases of applications for the renewal or permanent transfer of licences , a licensing board may decline to consider an [use] where the applicant or his representative are not in attendance at the meeting at which the [use] is to be considered ( subs .

( 1 ) It shall be competent for any of the following persons to object in relation to any application to a licensing board for the grant ( including the provisional grant ) renewal or permanent transfer of a licence , namely :
( 1 ) it shall be competent for any of the following persons to object in relation to any [use] to a licensing board for the grant ( including the provisional grant ) renewal or permanent transfer of a licence , namely :

( a ) any person owning or occupying property situated in the neighbourhood of the premises to which the application relates or any organisation which in the opinion of the board represents such persons ; a , community , council , which has been established in accordance with the provisions of the Local Government ( Scotland ) Act 1973 , for the area in which the premises are situated ; any organised church which , in the opinion of the licensing board , represents a significant body of , opinion among persons residing in the neighbourhood of the premises ; the chief constable .
( a ) any person owning or occupying property situated in the neighbourhood of the premises to which the [use] relates or any organisation which in the opinion of the board represents such persons ; a , community , council , which has been established in accordance with the provisions of the local government ( scotland ) act 1973 , for the area in which the premises are situated ; any organised church which , in the opinion of the licensing board , represents a significant body of , opinion among persons residing in the neighbourhood of the premises ; the chief constable .

( 2 ) Where a competent objector desires to object in relation to any application , he shall , not later than seven days before the meeting of the licensing board at which the application is to be considered : ( a ) lodge with the clerk of the board a written notice of objection which be signed by the objector or his agent and shall specify the grounds of his objection and ( b ) intimate his objection to the applicant in the manner provided by subsection ( 3 ) below , and an objection shall not be entertained by the licensing board unless it is proved or admitted that such objection was intimated to the applicant as aforesaid .
( 2 ) where a competent objector desires to object in relation to any [use] , he shall , not later than seven days before the meeting of the licensing board at which the [use] is to be considered : ( a ) lodge with the clerk of the board a written notice of objection which be signed by the objector or his agent and shall specify the grounds of his objection and ( b ) intimate his objection to the applicant in the manner provided by subsection ( 3 ) below , and an objection shall not be entertained by the licensing board unless it is proved or admitted that such objection was intimated to the applicant as aforesaid .

( 3 ) An objection shall , for the purposes of paragraph ( ii ) of subsection ( 2 ) above , be intimated to the applicant ( a ) by delivering to him a copy of the notice of objection lodged with the licensing board under paragraph ( a ) of that subsection ; or ( ii ) by sending a copy of the said notice by registered post or by recorded delivery in a letter addressed to him at his proper address ; or ( c ) by leaving a copy of the said notice for him at his proper address ; and , for the purposes of paragraphs ( ii ) and ( c ) of this subsection , the proper address in the case of an applicant being an individual natural person shall be his place of abode as specified in his application or , in the case of such an applicant applying for the renewal of a licence , the premises in respect of which the application is made , and , in the case of an applicant other than an individual natural person , shall be the address specified in the application .
( 3 ) an objection shall , for the purposes of paragraph ( ii ) of subsection ( 2 ) above , be intimated to the applicant ( a ) by delivering to him a copy of the notice of objection lodged with the licensing board under paragraph ( a ) of that subsection ; or ( ii ) by sending a copy of the said notice by registered post or by recorded delivery in a letter addressed to him at his proper address ; or ( c ) by leaving a copy of the said notice for him at his proper address ; and , for the purposes of paragraphs ( ii ) and ( c ) of this subsection , the proper address in the case of an applicant being an individual natural person shall be his place of abode as specified in his [use] or , in the case of such an applicant applying for the renewal of a licence , the premises in respect of which the [use] is made , and , in the case of an applicant other than an individual natural person , shall be the address specified in the [use] .

( 4 ) Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing provisions of this section it shall be competent for a licensing board to entertain objections from the chief constable , lodged at any time before the hearing of an application , if the board is satisfied that there is sufficient reason why due notice and intimation of the objection could not be given , and in such a case the chief constable shall cause his objections to be intimated to the applicant before the hearing .
( 4 ) notwithstanding anything in the foregoing provisions of this section it shall be competent for a licensing board to entertain objections from the chief constable , lodged at any time before the hearing of an [use] , if the board is satisfied that there is sufficient reason why due notice and intimation of the objection could not be given , and in such a case the chief constable shall cause his objections to be intimated to the applicant before the hearing .

( 5 ) The licensing board may only entertain an objection under this section if the objection is relevant to one or more of the grounds on which , by virtue of section 17 of this Act , an application may be refused , and shall hear any competent objection before arriving at its decision .
( 5 ) the licensing board may only entertain an objection under this section if the objection is relevant to one or more of the grounds on which , by virtue of section 17 of this act , an [use] may be refused , and shall hear any competent objection before arriving at its decision .

Grounds for refusal of application
grounds for refusal of [use]

( 2 ) The grounds on which different types of application may competently be refused by a licensing board are those mentioned opposite the respective types of application set out below .
( 2 ) the grounds on which different types of [use] may competently be refused by a licensing board are those mentioned opposite the respective types of [use] set out below .

( 5 ) Any competent objector who appeared at the hearing of any application mentioned in subsection ( 4 ) above may appeal to the sheriff against the decision of the licensing board to grant , renew or transfer a licence , as the case may be .
( 5 ) any competent objector who appeared at the hearing of any [use] mentioned in subsection ( 4 ) above may appeal to the sheriff against the decision of the licensing board to grant , renew or transfer a licence , as the case may be .

( a ) The ground of the unsuitability of the applicant applies not only to the actual applicant but also , where the applicant is not an individual person , to the person named in the application as the person to be responsible for the day-to-day running of the premises under the provisions of 5.11 and to the person on whose behalf or for whose benefit the premises are run .
( a ) the ground of the unsuitability of the applicant applies not only to the actual applicant but also , where the applicant is not an individual person , to the person named in the [use] as the person to be responsible for the day-to-day running of the premises under the provisions of 5.11 and to the person on whose behalf or for whose benefit the premises are run .

( 1 ) If any applicant for the grant , renewal , or permanent transfer of a licence or for a regular extension of permitted hours , either by himself or by another person at the instigation of the applicant , attempts to influence a member of a licensing board to support his application at any time before its consideration by the board , he shall be guilty of an offence .
( 1 ) if any applicant for the grant , renewal , or permanent transfer of a licence or for a regular extension of permitted hours , either by himself or by another person at the instigation of the applicant , attempts to influence a member of a licensing board to support his [use] at any time before its consideration by the board , he shall be guilty of an offence .

( 2 ) If proceedings are pending under subsection ( 1 ) above , the licensing board may adjourn consideration of an application to which the proceedings relate until the proceedings are concluded .
( 2 ) if proceedings are pending under subsection ( 1 ) above , the licensing board may adjourn consideration of an [use] to which the proceedings relate until the proceedings are concluded .

( 3 ) If an applicant is convicted of an offence under subsection ( 1 ) above relation to an application before the board , the board may refuse to consider the application .
( 3 ) if an applicant is convicted of an offence under subsection ( 1 ) above relation to an [use] before the board , the board may refuse to consider the [use] .

The section prohibits canvassing in the sense of the attempt of an applicant or of another person at his instigation to influence a member of a licensing board to support his application for a grant , renewal or permanent transfer of a licence , or for a regular extension of permitted hours before the application is considered by the board ( subs .
the section prohibits canvassing in the sense of the attempt of an applicant or of another person at his instigation to influence a member of a licensing board to support his [use] for a grant , renewal or permanent transfer of a licence , or for a regular extension of permitted hours before the [use] is considered by the board ( subs .

( 1 ) is pending , a board may adjourn the application with which the proceedings are concerned until the proceedings are concluded ( subs .
( 1 ) is pending , a board may adjourn the [use] with which the proceedings are concerned until the proceedings are concluded ( subs .

Where an applicant is convicted , the licensing board may refuse to consider the application with which the conviction was concerned .
where an applicant is convicted , the licensing board may refuse to consider the [use] with which the conviction was concerned .

( 1 ) Subject to subsection ( 6 ) of this section , an application for the grant or provisional grant of a new licence ( other than an off-sale licence ) shall not be entertained by a licensing board unless there are produced to the board , in accordance with the provisions of this section , certificates from the appropriate authority as to the suitability of the premises for which the licence is sought in relation to planning , building control and food hygiene .
( 1 ) subject to subsection ( 6 ) of this section , an [use] for the grant or provisional grant of a new licence ( other than an off-sale licence ) shall not be entertained by a licensing board unless there are produced to the board , in accordance with the provisions of this section , certificates from the appropriate authority as to the suitability of the premises for which the licence is sought in relation to planning , building control and food hygiene .

( 2 ) In relation to planning , the certificate from the appropriate authority should state that the applicant has obtained in respect of the premises planning permission under the Town and Country Planning ( Scotland ) Act 1972 or , in the case of an application for the provisional grant of a licence , outline planning permission under sections 39 and 40 of that Act , or , in either case , a determination under section 51 of that Act that planning permission is not required .
( 2 ) in relation to planning , the certificate from the appropriate authority should state that the applicant has obtained in respect of the premises planning permission under the town and country planning ( scotland ) act 1972 or , in the case of an [use] for the provisional grant of a licence , outline planning permission under sections 39 and 40 of that act , or , in either case , a determination under section 51 of that act that planning permission is not required .

( 3 ) In relation to building control , the certificate from the appropriate authority ( a ) in the case of an application for a new licence , should state ( i ) either that a warrant for the construction of the premises has been granted under section 6 of the Building ( Scotland ) Act 1959 and a certificate of completion has been granted under section 9 of that Act , or that no warrant for construction of the premises is required ; and ( ii ) either that a warrant for the change of use of the premises has been granted under the said section 6 or that no such warrant is required ; and ( b ) in the case of an application for the provisional grant of a licence , should state ( i ) that a warrant for the construction of the premises has been granted under section 6 of the said Act of 1959 ; and ( ii ) either that a warrant for the change of use of the premises has been granted under the said section 6 , or that on completion of the construction of the premises in accordance with the warrant a warrant for the change of use will be granted , or that no such warrant is required .
( 3 ) in relation to building control , the certificate from the appropriate authority ( a ) in the case of an [use] for a new licence , should state ( i ) either that a warrant for the construction of the premises has been granted under section 6 of the building ( scotland ) act 1959 and a certificate of completion has been granted under section 9 of that act , or that no warrant for construction of the premises is required ; and ( ii ) either that a warrant for the change of use of the premises has been granted under the said section 6 or that no such warrant is required ; and ( b ) in the case of an [use] for the provisional grant of a licence , should state ( i ) that a warrant for the construction of the premises has been granted under section 6 of the said act of 1959 ; and ( ii ) either that a warrant for the change of use of the premises has been granted under the said section 6 , or that on completion of the construction of the premises in accordance with the warrant a warrant for the change of use will be granted , or that no such warrant is required .

( 4 ) In relation to food hygiene , the certificate from the appropriate authority should , in the case of an application for a new licence , state that the premises to which the application relates comply , or , in the case of an application for the provisional grant of a licence , would comply , with the requirements of regulations made under section 13 of the Food and Drugs ( Scotland ) Act 1956 relating to construction , layout , drainage , ventilation , lighting and water supply or concerned with the provision of sanitary and washing facilities .
( 4 ) in relation to food hygiene , the certificate from the appropriate authority should , in the case of an [use] for a new licence , state that the premises to which the [use] relates comply , or , in the case of an [use] for the provisional grant of a licence , would comply , with the requirements of regulations made under section 13 of the food and drugs ( scotland ) act 1956 relating to construction , layout , drainage , ventilation , lighting and water supply or concerned with the provision of sanitary and washing facilities .

( 6 ) In relation to building control , food hygiene and consultation with the lire authority , subsections ( 1 ) , ( 3 ) , ( 4 ) and ( 5 ) of this section shall not apply to the application for or the making of a provisional grant of a licence under section 26(2) of this Act but shall apply to the application for affirmation and to the affirmation of such a grant .
( 6 ) in relation to building control , food hygiene and consultation with the lire authority , subsections ( 1 ) , ( 3 ) , ( 4 ) and ( 5 ) of this section shall not apply to the [use] for or the making of a provisional grant of a licence under section 26(2) of this act but shall apply to the [use] for affirmation and to the affirmation of such a grant .

( 2 ) `` outline planning permission `` means planning permission granted in accordance with the provisions of a development order with the reservation for subsequent approval by the local planning authority or the Secretary of State of matters ( referred to in the section as reserved matters ) not particularised in the application ( s.39 ( 1 ) of the Town and Country Planning ( Scotland ) Act 1972 ) .
( 2 ) `` outline planning permission `` means planning permission granted in accordance with the provisions of a development order with the reservation for subsequent approval by the local planning authority or the secretary of state of matters ( referred to in the section as reserved matters ) not particularised in the [use] ( s.39 ( 1 ) of the town and country planning ( scotland ) act 1972 ) .

( 2 ) On any application for the renewal of a licence , the licensing board may require a plan of the premises to which the application relates to be produced to it and lodged with the clerk .
( 2 ) on any [use] for the renewal of a licence , the licensing board may require a plan of the premises to which the [use] relates to be produced to it and lodged with the clerk .

For the position as regards the attendance of an applicant for a renewal at the meeting of the licensing board at which his application is to be considered , see s.15 .
for the position as regards the attendance of an applicant for a renewal at the meeting of the licensing board at which his [use] is to be considered , see s.15 .

An application is an application for a renewal where it relates to premises in respect of which the applicant has been granted a licence which is due to expire and is for the same type of licence as that previously granted .
an [use] is an [use] for a renewal where it relates to premises in respect of which the applicant has been granted a licence which is due to expire and is for the same type of licence as that previously granted .

An adjournment of each application will normally be necessary in order to allow time for the plan to be produced .
an adjournment of each [use] will normally be necessary in order to allow time for the plan to be produced .

As regards the transfer of a licence to the representatives of a dead , bankrupt , or incapable licence holder , the application can be heard at any meeting of a licensing board or under an arrangement under s.5(1) .
as regards the transfer of a licence to the representatives of a dead , bankrupt , or incapable licence holder , the [use] can be heard at any meeting of a licensing board or under an arrangement under s.5(1) .

In a civil question between the creditors of a deceased and insolvent certificate-holder and his widow , who , without objection by the creditors , obtained the certificate and thereafter carried on the business without any agreement being made regarding her paying her husband 's debts , or the application of the profits during her tenancy , it was decided that she was not bound to account to the creditors for the profits earned by her under her own certificate : Stewart 's Trs .
in a civil question between the creditors of a deceased and insolvent certificate-holder and his widow , who , without objection by the creditors , obtained the certificate and thereafter carried on the business without any agreement being made regarding her paying her husband 's debts , or the [use] of the profits during her tenancy , it was decided that she was not bound to account to the creditors for the profits earned by her under her own certificate : stewart 's trs .

( 2 ) If on an application under this section the applicant lodges with the board , instead of the plan mentioned in paragraph ( b ) of subsection ( 1 ) above , a plan sufficient to identify the site of the premises , together with such description of the premises as will give a general indication of their proposed size and character ( with reference in particular to the sale of alcoholic liquor ) , then ( a ) the licensing board shall deal with the application as if made under subsection 1 ) above ; but ( b ) any provisional grant of a licence made on an application under this subsection shall become ineffective unless affirmed by the licensing board on application made to the board to that effect within 12 months of the provisional grant of the licence , any such application being accompanied by a plan of the premises .
( 2 ) if on an [use] under this section the applicant lodges with the board , instead of the plan mentioned in paragraph ( b ) of subsection ( 1 ) above , a plan sufficient to identify the site of the premises , together with such description of the premises as will give a general indication of their proposed size and character ( with reference in particular to the sale of alcoholic liquor ) , then ( a ) the licensing board shall deal with the [use] as if made under subsection 1 ) above ; but ( b ) any provisional grant of a licence made on an [use] under this subsection shall become ineffective unless affirmed by the licensing board on [use] made to the board to that effect within 12 months of the provisional grant of the licence , any such [use] being accompanied by a plan of the premises .

Provided that the licensing board may , when granting a licence or an application for an extension of the permitted hours , restrict the alcoholic liquor which may be sold thereunder to wine , made-wine , porter , ale , beer , cider and perry .
provided that the licensing board may , when granting a licence or an [use] for an extension of the permitted hours , restrict the alcoholic liquor which may be sold thereunder to wine , made-wine , porter , ale , beer , cider and perry .

( 4 ) Subject to section 13(2) of this Act , if no application is made for the renewal of a licence at the quarterly meeting mentioned in subsection ( 3 ) above , the licence shall expire on the first day of that meeting .
( 4 ) subject to section 13(2) of this act , if no [use] is made for the renewal of a licence at the quarterly meeting mentioned in subsection ( 3 ) above , the licence shall expire on the first day of that meeting .

( 5 ) If an application is made for the renewal of a licence , the licence in respect of which the application is made shall continue to have effect : ( a ) until the application for renewal is granted by the board ; ( b ) if the application for renewal is refused , until the time within which an appeal may be made has elapsed or , if an appeal has been lodged .
( 5 ) if an [use] is made for the renewal of a licence , the licence in respect of which the [use] is made shall continue to have effect : ( a ) until the [use] for renewal is granted by the board ; ( b ) if the [use] for renewal is refused , until the time within which an appeal may be made has elapsed or , if an appeal has been lodged .

( 3 ) For the quarterly meetings of a licensing board , see s.4(1). 5.13(2) enables a hoard , if it thinks fit , to adjourn an application where there has been a failure to comply with the requirements of the Act , or where an applicant has died .
( 3 ) for the quarterly meetings of a licensing board , see s.4(1). 5.13(2) enables a hoard , if it thinks fit , to adjourn an [use] where there has been a failure to comply with the requirements of the act , or where an applicant has died .

( 7 ) An application for an occasional licence under this section shall be made in writing to the clerk of the licensing board and shall specify the name and address of the applicant , the premises or place and occasion for which the licence is required , and the hours and period for which the licence is requested .
( 7 ) an [use] for an occasional licence under this section shall be made in writing to the clerk of the licensing board and shall specify the name and address of the applicant , the premises or place and occasion for which the licence is required , and the hours and period for which the licence is requested .

( 8 ) At the same time as the application is made under subsection ( 7 ) above , the applicant shall send a copy of the application to the chief constable , and if an occasional licence is granted under this section the clerk of the licensing board shall send a copy of the licence to the chief constable not less than 24 hours before the beginning of the event to which it relates .
( 8 ) at the same time as the [use] is made under subsection ( 7 ) above , the applicant shall send a copy of the [use] to the chief constable , and if an occasional licence is granted under this section the clerk of the licensing board shall send a copy of the licence to the chief constable not less than 24 hours before the beginning of the event to which it relates .

An adjournment of each application will normally be necessary in order to allow time for the plan to be produced .
an adjournment of each [use] will normally be necessary in order to allow time for the plan to be produced .

( g ) The granting of a licence other than of the type applied for amounts to a refusal of an application .
( g ) the granting of a licence other than of the type applied for amounts to a refusal of an [use] .

An appeal is made by initial writ , which is disposed of as a summary application under the Sheriff Courts ( Scotland ) Act 1907 and 1913 ( Dobie , Sheriff Court Practice , p. 101 ; Macphail , Sheriff Court Practice , para .
an appeal is made by initial writ , which is disposed of as a summary [use] under the sheriff courts ( scotland ) act 1907 and 1913 ( dobie , sheriff court practice , p. 101 ; macphail , sheriff court practice , para .

( 2 ) Before application is made for the grant of a licence under this Part of this Act , draft rules as to the persons entitled to use the canteen shall be prepared for submission with the application , and the licensing board shall refuse to grant the licence unless the body providing the canteen undertake to make rules for the canteen in the form of the draft , with the modifications , if any , required by the licensing board , and not to vary those rules without the consent of the licensing board .
( 2 ) before [use] is made for the grant of a licence under this part of this act , draft rules as to the persons entitled to use the canteen shall be prepared for submission with the [use] , and the licensing board shall refuse to grant the licence unless the body providing the canteen undertake to make rules for the canteen in the form of the draft , with the modifications , if any , required by the licensing board , and not to vary those rules without the consent of the licensing board .

( 6 ) Where any person desires to oppose an application for the grant of a licence under this Part of this Act , he shall , not later than seven days before the meeting of the licensing board at which the application is to be considered , give to the licensing board and to the applicant written notice of his objection specifying the round of his objection in the manner mentioned in section 16(2) and ( 3 ) of this Act .
( 6 ) where any person desires to oppose an [use] for the grant of a licence under this part of this act , he shall , not later than seven days before the meeting of the licensing board at which the [use] is to be considered , give to the licensing board and to the applicant written notice of his objection specifying the round of his objection in the manner mentioned in section 16(2) and ( 3 ) of this act .

( 7 ) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this section , it shall be competent for a licensing board to entertain objections from the chief constable , lodged at any time before the hearing of an application , if the licensing board is satisfied that there is sufficient reason why due notice and intimation of the objection could not be given , and in such case the chief constable shall , where practicable , cause his objections to be intimated to the applicant before the hearing .
( 7 ) notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this section , it shall be competent for a licensing board to entertain objections from the chief constable , lodged at any time before the hearing of an [use] , if the licensing board is satisfied that there is sufficient reason why due notice and intimation of the objection could not be given , and in such case the chief constable shall , where practicable , cause his objections to be intimated to the applicant before the hearing .

( b ) The applicant is bound to lodge with his application a plan of the canteen and particulars of the means of access , and of the sanitary accommodation : Sched .
( b ) the applicant is bound to lodge with his [use] a plan of the canteen and particulars of the means of access , and of the sanitary accommodation : sched .

( 4 ) On renewing a licence under this Part of this Act a licensing board may by order , to be served on the holder , direct that , within a time fixed by the order , such structural alterations shall be made in the premises comprising the canteen as the board thinks reasonably necessary to secure the proper conduct of the canteen ; and if , when application for renewal of the licence is next made after the time fixed by the order has expired , it is not shown to the satisfaction of the licensing board that the order has been complied with , the licensing board may refuse to renew the licence .
( 4 ) on renewing a licence under this part of this act a licensing board may by order , to be served on the holder , direct that , within a time fixed by the order , such structural alterations shall be made in the premises comprising the canteen as the board thinks reasonably necessary to secure the proper conduct of the canteen ; and if , when [use] for renewal of the licence is next made after the time fixed by the order has expired , it is not shown to the satisfaction of the licensing board that the order has been complied with , the licensing board may refuse to renew the licence .

( 5 ) Any person intending to oppose an application for renewal of a licence under this Part of this Act shall , not later than seven days before the hearing of the application , give to the holder of the licence and to the licensing board notice in writing of his intention , specifying the ground of his objection in the manner mentioned in section 16(2) and ( 3 ) of this Act .
( 5 ) any person intending to oppose an [use] for renewal of a licence under this part of this act shall , not later than seven days before the hearing of the [use] , give to the holder of the licence and to the licensing board notice in writing of his intention , specifying the ground of his objection in the manner mentioned in section 16(2) and ( 3 ) of this act .

( 6 ) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this subsection , it shall be competent for the licensing board to entertain objections from the chief constable , lodged at any time before the hearing of the application if the board is satisfied that there is sufficient reason why due notice and intimation of the objection could not be given , and in such a case the chief constable shall , where practicable , cause his objections to be intimated to the applicant before the hearing .
( 6 ) notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this subsection , it shall be competent for the licensing board to entertain objections from the chief constable , lodged at any time before the hearing of the [use] if the board is satisfied that there is sufficient reason why due notice and intimation of the objection could not be given , and in such a case the chief constable shall , where practicable , cause his objections to be intimated to the applicant before the hearing .

It will be noted that failure to comply with a direction regarding structural alterations to a seamen 's canteen may result in a refusal to renew the licence It the next application , and not to a fine as under s.36 .
it will be noted that failure to comply with a direction regarding structural alterations to a seamen 's canteen may result in a refusal to renew the licence it the next [use] , and not to a fine as under s.36 .

An application for , i transfer does not require to be heard by a quarterly meeting of a board but can be heard by a meeting convened under s.5 ( 1 ) .
an [use] for , i transfer does not require to be heard by a quarterly meeting of a board but can be heard by a meeting convened under s.5 ( 1 ) .

Where a licensing board : ( a ) refuses to grant , renew or transfer a licence under this Part of this Act , or ( b ) on an application for the grant of a licence under this Part of this Act , specifies , as types of liquor which may be sold under the licence , types other than those in respect of which the application for the licence was made , or ( c ) on an application for renewal of a licence under this Part of this Act , does not comply with any request duly made by the applicant for a change in the specification of the types of liquor which may be sold under the licence , or ( d ) requires modifications in the rules proposed to be made as to the persons entitled to use the canteen , or withholds its consent to a variation of those rules , or ( e ) makes an order under section 42(4) of this Act , the applicant or , as the case may be , the licence-holder may appeal to the sheriff from such a decision of the licensing board .
where a licensing board : ( a ) refuses to grant , renew or transfer a licence under this part of this act , or ( b ) on an [use] for the grant of a licence under this part of this act , specifies , as types of liquor which may be sold under the licence , types other than those in respect of which the [use] for the licence was made , or ( c ) on an [use] for renewal of a licence under this part of this act , does not comply with any request duly made by the applicant for a change in the specification of the types of liquor which may be sold under the licence , or ( d ) requires modifications in the rules proposed to be made as to the persons entitled to use the canteen , or withholds its consent to a variation of those rules , or ( e ) makes an order under section 42(4) of this act , the applicant or , as the case may be , the licence-holder may appeal to the sheriff from such a decision of the licensing board .

Appeals against the decision of a licensing board in an application relating to a seamen 's canteen licence .
appeals against the decision of a licensing board in an [use] relating to a seamen 's canteen licence .

( 2 ) The permitted hours for premises in respect of which a public house licence or a refreshment licence is in force shall be the period between eleven in the morning and half-past two in the afternoon and the period between five and eleven in the evening , except for Sundays when the permitted hours shall be the period between half-past twelve and half-past two in the afternoon and the period between half-past six and eleven in the evening but only in the case of premises in respect of which an application for Sunday opening has been made to and granted by a licensing board in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 4 to this Act , which shall have effect .
( 2 ) the permitted hours for premises in respect of which a public house licence or a refreshment licence is in force shall be the period between eleven in the morning and half-past two in the afternoon and the period between five and eleven in the evening , except for sundays when the permitted hours shall be the period between half-past twelve and half-past two in the afternoon and the period between half-past six and eleven in the evening but only in the case of premises in respect of which an [use] for sunday opening has been made to and granted by a licensing board in accordance with the provisions of schedule 4 to this act , which shall have effect .

4 makes provision for applications for Sunday opening including the procedure to be followed , the persons or bodies who can be competent objectors , and the grounds on which such an application can be refused .
4 makes provision for applications for sunday opening including the procedure to be followed , the persons or bodies who can be competent objectors , and the grounds on which such an [use] can be refused .

The purpose and application of this exemption are not clear .
the purpose and [use] of this exemption are not clear .

( 3 ) On an application for an order being made under subsection ( 1 ) above by any club , the sheriff clerk shall forthwith give notice thereof to the chief constable who may , within 21 days of the date of the receipt by him of such notice , lodge with the sheriff clerk objections to the making of such order on the ground that one or more of the conditions set out in subsection ( 2 ) above has not or have not been satisfied in relation to the club , and shall , on lodging any such objections , send a copy thereof to the secretary of the club ; and if any such objections are lodged and not withdrawn , the sheriff shall , as soon as may be , hear parties upon the application and objections and may order such enquiry as he thinks fit , and shall thereafter make or refuse to make the order applied for , and may award expenses against the unsuccessful party .
( 3 ) on an [use] for an order being made under subsection ( 1 ) above by any club , the sheriff clerk shall forthwith give notice thereof to the chief constable who may , within 21 days of the date of the receipt by him of such notice , lodge with the sheriff clerk objections to the making of such order on the ground that one or more of the conditions set out in subsection ( 2 ) above has not or have not been satisfied in relation to the club , and shall , on lodging any such objections , send a copy thereof to the secretary of the club ; and if any such objections are lodged and not withdrawn , the sheriff shall , as soon as may be , hear parties upon the [use] and objections and may order such enquiry as he thinks fit , and shall thereafter make or refuse to make the order applied for , and may award expenses against the unsuccessful party .

The procedure is by application to the sheriff for an order granting the alternative permitted hours on weekdays or Sundays or both .
the procedure is by [use] to the sheriff for an order granting the alternative permitted hours on weekdays or sundays or both .

The sheriff-clerk gives notice of the application to the chief constable who can lodge objections on the ground that one or more of the conditions specified above have not been fulfilled .
the sheriff-clerk gives notice of the [use] to the chief constable who can lodge objections on the ground that one or more of the conditions specified above have not been fulfilled .

Where objections are lodged , the sheriff hears parties on the application and objections , orders such inquiry as he thinks fit , and thereafter grants or refuses the order .
where objections are lodged , the sheriff hears parties on the [use] and objections , orders such inquiry as he thinks fit , and thereafter grants or refuses the order .

( 1 ) This section shall apply to any premises for which a licence ( other than an off-sale licence ) is held or to the premises of a registered club : ( a ) if the holder of the licence or , as the case may be , the club gives notice of the application of the section to the premises In accordance with subsection ( 6 ) below , and ( b ) as from such date as may be specified in the said notice : Provided that , in the case of premises for which a public house or a hotel licence is held or the premises of a club , the licence-holder or the club , as the case may be , shall not give notice of application as aforesaid , and this section shall not apply to such premises , unless the licensing board for the area within which the premises are situated is satisfied that the premises are structurally adapted and bona fide used , or intended to be used , for the purpose of habitually providing the customary main meal at midday for the accommodation of persons frequenting the premises .
( 1 ) this section shall apply to any premises for which a licence ( other than an off-sale licence ) is held or to the premises of a registered club : ( a ) if the holder of the licence or , as the case may be , the club gives notice of the [use] of the section to the premises in accordance with subsection ( 6 ) below , and ( b ) as from such date as may be specified in the said notice : provided that , in the case of premises for which a public house or a hotel licence is held or the premises of a club , the licence-holder or the club , as the case may be , shall not give notice of [use] as aforesaid , and this section shall not apply to such premises , unless the licensing board for the area within which the premises are situated is satisfied that the premises are structurally adapted and bona fide used , or intended to be used , for the purpose of habitually providing the customary main meal at midday for the accommodation of persons frequenting the premises .

( 8 ) The holder of the licence for premises to which this section applies shall keep posted in some conspicuous place in the premises a notice stating that this section applies thereto and setting out the effect of its application , and if any person contravenes this subsection he shall be guilty of an offence .
( 8 ) the holder of the licence for premises to which this section applies shall keep posted in some conspicuous place in the premises a notice stating that this section applies thereto and setting out the effect of its [use] , and if any person contravenes this subsection he shall be guilty of an offence .

Notice of application of the section must ( i ) be in writing ( subs .
notice of [use] of the section must ( i ) be in writing ( subs .

( 6 ) ( c ) ) ; and ( iii ) be served on the chief constable more than 14 days before the date of application of the section ( subs .
( 6 ) ( c ) ) ; and ( iii ) be served on the chief constable more than 14 days before the date of [use] of the section ( subs .

The licence-holder of premises to which the section applies must exhibit in a conspicuous place a notice stating that the section applies and the effect of its application ( subs .
the licence-holder of premises to which the section applies must exhibit in a conspicuous place a notice stating that the section applies and the effect of its [use] ( subs .

The effect of the application of the section to premises is to extend the permitted hours in the afternoon to 4 pm .
the effect of the [use] of the section to premises is to extend the permitted hours in the afternoon to 4 pm .

( 1 ) This section shall apply to any premises for which a licence ( other than an off-sale licence ) is held or to the premises of a registered club : ( a ) if the holder of the licence or , as the case may be , the club gives notice of the application of the section to the premises in accordance with subsection ( 6 ) below , and ( b ) as from such date as may be specified in the said notice : Provided that , in the case of premises for which a public house or a hotel licence is held or the premises of a club , the licence-holder or the club , as the case may be , shall not give notice of application as aforesaid and this section shall not apply to such premises , unless the licensing board for the area within which the premises are situated is satisfied that the premises are structurally adapted and bona ride used , or intended to be used , for the purpose of habitually providing , for the accommodation of persons frequenting the premises , substantial refreshment to which the sale and supply of alcoholic liquor is ancillary .
( 1 ) this section shall apply to any premises for which a licence ( other than an off-sale licence ) is held or to the premises of a registered club : ( a ) if the holder of the licence or , as the case may be , the club gives notice of the [use] of the section to the premises in accordance with subsection ( 6 ) below , and ( b ) as from such date as may be specified in the said notice : provided that , in the case of premises for which a public house or a hotel licence is held or the premises of a club , the licence-holder or the club , as the case may be , shall not give notice of [use] as aforesaid and this section shall not apply to such premises , unless the licensing board for the area within which the premises are situated is satisfied that the premises are structurally adapted and bona ride used , or intended to be used , for the purpose of habitually providing , for the accommodation of persons frequenting the premises , substantial refreshment to which the sale and supply of alcoholic liquor is ancillary .

( 8 ) The holder of the licence for premises to which this section applies shall keep posted in some conspicuous place in the premises a notice stating that this section applies thereto and setting out the effect of its application , and if any person contravenes this subsection he shall be guilty of an offence .
( 8 ) the holder of the licence for premises to which this section applies shall keep posted in some conspicuous place in the premises a notice stating that this section applies thereto and setting out the effect of its [use] , and if any person contravenes this subsection he shall be guilty of an offence .

( 1 ) This section shall apply to any premises for which a public house licence is held and in respect of which an application for Sunday opening has not been granted under Schedule 4 to this Act : ( a ) if the holder of the licence gives notice of the application of the section to the premises in accordance with subsection ( 6 ) below , and ( b ) as from such date as may be specified in the said notice : Provided that a licence-holder shall not give notice of application as aforesaid , and this section shall not apply to the premises for which he holds his licence , unless : ( i ) the licensing board for the area within which the premises are situated is satisfied that the premises are structurally adapted and bona ride used , or intended to be used , for the purpose of habitually providing the customary main meal at midday or in the evening , or both , for the accommodation of persons frequenting the remises , and that the part of the premises mentioned in subsection 3 ) below does not contain a bar counter .
( 1 ) this section shall apply to any premises for which a public house licence is held and in respect of which an [use] for sunday opening has not been granted under schedule 4 to this act : ( a ) if the holder of the licence gives notice of the [use] of the section to the premises in accordance with subsection ( 6 ) below , and ( b ) as from such date as may be specified in the said notice : provided that a licence-holder shall not give notice of [use] as aforesaid , and this section shall not apply to the premises for which he holds his licence , unless : ( i ) the licensing board for the area within which the premises are situated is satisfied that the premises are structurally adapted and bona ride used , or intended to be used , for the purpose of habitually providing the customary main meal at midday or in the evening , or both , for the accommodation of persons frequenting the remises , and that the part of the premises mentioned in subsection 3 ) below does not contain a bar counter .

( 7 ) The holder of the licence for premises to which this section applies shall keep posted in some conspicuous place in the premises a notice stating that this section applies thereto and setting out the effect of its application , and if any licence-holder contravenes this subsection he shall be guilty of an offence .
( 7 ) the holder of the licence for premises to which this section applies shall keep posted in some conspicuous place in the premises a notice stating that this section applies thereto and setting out the effect of its [use] , and if any licence-holder contravenes this subsection he shall be guilty of an offence .

( 1 ) This section shall apply to any premises for which a hotel licence , restricted hotel licence , or restaurant licence is held and to any premises for which a public house licence or refreshment licence is held and in respect of which an application for Sunday opening has been granted under Schedule 4 to this Act if the licence-holder gives notice of the application of the section to the premises in accordance with the provisions of section 58(1) of this Act , and the effect of the application of this section to those premises shall be that , for the purposes mentioned in section 58(3) of this Act , the permitted hours on Sundays shall be extended by , the addition to them of the hours between five and half-past six in the evening , and subsections ( 4 ) , ( 5 ) , ( 6 ) and ( 8 ) of that section shall apply accordingly .
( 1 ) this section shall apply to any premises for which a hotel licence , restricted hotel licence , or restaurant licence is held and to any premises for which a public house licence or refreshment licence is held and in respect of which an [use] for sunday opening has been granted under schedule 4 to this act if the licence-holder gives notice of the [use] of the section to the premises in accordance with the provisions of section 58(1) of this act , and the effect of the [use] of this section to those premises shall be that , for the purposes mentioned in section 58(3) of this act , the permitted hours on sundays shall be extended by , the addition to them of the hours between five and half-past six in the evening , and subsections ( 4 ) , ( 5 ) , ( 6 ) and ( 8 ) of that section shall apply accordingly .

( 2 ) This section shall apply to any premises for which a public house licence is held and to which section 59 of this Act applies if the licence holder gives notice of the application of the section to the premises in accordance with the provisions of subsection ( 1 ) of section 59 of this Act , and the effect of the application of this section to those premises shall be that , for the purposes mentioned in subsection ( 3 ) of section 59 of this Act , the permitted hours on Sundays shall be extended by the addition to them of the hours between five and half-past six in the evening , and subsections ( 5 ) to ( 7 ) of that section shall apply accordingly .
( 2 ) this section shall apply to any premises for which a public house licence is held and to which section 59 of this act applies if the licence holder gives notice of the [use] of the section to the premises in accordance with the provisions of subsection ( 1 ) of section 59 of this act , and the effect of the [use] of this section to those premises shall be that , for the purposes mentioned in subsection ( 3 ) of section 59 of this act , the permitted hours on sundays shall be extended by the addition to them of the hours between five and half-past six in the evening , and subsections ( 5 ) to ( 7 ) of that section shall apply accordingly .

The section prescribes the procedure under which premises operated under an hotel licence , a restricted hotel licence , a restaurant licence , a public house licence , or a refreshment licence ( where , as regards premises operated under the latter two types of licence , an application for Sunday opening has been granted in virtue of Sched .
the section prescribes the procedure under which premises operated under an hotel licence , a restricted hotel licence , a restaurant licence , a public house licence , or a refreshment licence ( where , as regards premises operated under the latter two types of licence , an [use] for sunday opening has been granted in virtue of sched .

There is neither Jewish nor Gentile bias in this chronicler of the Holy Spirit 's initiative in mission throughout the world , though his application of the famous ‘ blinding ’ passage of Isaiah 6 to Jewish leaders who refused to receive their Messiah , and his assertion , ‘ Be it known to you that this salvation of God has been sent to the gentiles : they will listen ’ ( 28:25–28 ) , is suggestive of the direction in which the Christian mission would , for the most part , go .
there is neither jewish nor gentile bias in this chronicler of the holy spirit 's initiative in mission throughout the world , though his [use] of the famous ‘ blinding ’ passage of isaiah 6 to jewish leaders who refused to receive their messiah , and his assertion , ‘ be it known to you that this salvation of god has been sent to the gentiles : they will listen ’ ( 28:25–28 ) , is suggestive of the direction in which the christian mission would , for the most part , go .

It is the powerful application to believers of the character of Christ .
it is the powerful [use] to believers of the character of christ .

Each category is explained and analysed within the context of marketing and business planning , and their application is illustrated by a variety of examples .
each category is explained and analysed within the context of marketing and business planning , and their [use] is illustrated by a variety of examples .

These are called `` optimising models `` and are best known from their application to queuing , scheduling and routing problems .
these are called `` optimising models `` and are best known from their [use] to queuing , scheduling and routing problems .

Whilst a detailed analysis of system dynamics is beyond the scope of this book , its application to sales forecasting is illustrated by an example , below .
whilst a detailed analysis of system dynamics is beyond the scope of this book , its [use] to sales forecasting is illustrated by an example , below .

The application of qualitative techniques is a recognition that sales or market forecasting is not carried out in isolation from the external environment in which the enterprise operates .
the [use] of qualitative techniques is a recognition that sales or market forecasting is not carried out in isolation from the external environment in which the enterprise operates .

The second chapter in the section turns to the specific application of consumer targeting as a detailed example of market segmentation in practice .
the second chapter in the section turns to the specific [use] of consumer targeting as a detailed example of market segmentation in practice .

The Avon Papers are now available for study by research workers on application to the University Library .
the avon papers are now available for study by research workers on [use] to the university library .

There are some encouraging signs that they may benefit from rigorous application of competition policy .
there are some encouraging signs that they may benefit from rigorous [use] of competition policy .

Mr. Livsey : Will the Secretary of State note that British Coal Opencast has decided again to try for permission to work the Bryn Henllys site in my constituency , after an inspector turned down that application about a year ago ? Is he aware that there is deep anger in the community that British Coal will attempt that again . Is there not far too much opencast coal in the south Wales coalfield which is despoiling the environment ?
mr. livsey : will the secretary of state note that british coal opencast has decided again to try for permission to work the bryn henllys site in my constituency , after an inspector turned down that [use] about a year ago ? is he aware that there is deep anger in the community that british coal will attempt that again . is there not far too much opencast coal in the south wales coalfield which is despoiling the environment ?

The repeated application of this technique of varied adaptation to each movement has led to the not unjust description of Clemens 's Masses in particular as sets of variations .
the repeated [use] of this technique of varied adaptation to each movement has led to the not unjust description of clemens 's masses in particular as sets of variations .

His application of the variation principle to plainsong , Lutheran hymns , and Huguenot psalms goes far beyond the ‘ organ hymns ’ and versets of earlier generations , and differs from his secular variations in that the basic melody is generally preserved intact as cantus firmus in one part or another throughout .
his [use] of the variation principle to plainsong , lutheran hymns , and huguenot psalms goes far beyond the ‘ organ hymns ’ and versets of earlier generations , and differs from his secular variations in that the basic melody is generally preserved intact as cantus firmus in one part or another throughout .

Similarly , others have argued that the matrices make little allowance for risk and in their early application this was true , but , if one undertakes a Porter-type analysis to give a solid foundation to industry attractiveness and competitive strengths and the derivation of the appropriate strategies , that will take into account a risk assessment .
similarly , others have argued that the matrices make little allowance for risk and in their early [use] this was true , but , if one undertakes a porter-type analysis to give a solid foundation to industry attractiveness and competitive strengths and the derivation of the appropriate strategies , that will take into account a risk assessment .

Intelligent application of the technique can take these warnings into account and still derive considerable benefit from it .
intelligent [use] of the technique can take these warnings into account and still derive considerable benefit from it .

Hayzen has also produced a computer package for commercial application .
hayzen has also produced a computer package for commercial [use] .

Weick interprets it as really a broader application of the basic notion that diversification spreads risks .
weick interprets it as really a broader [use] of the basic notion that diversification spreads risks .

Any of Steen 's friends might ring him , so the message had to have a more general application .
any of steen 's friends might ring him , so the message had to have a more general [use] .

The great majority of their courses , whether in business and management studies , the sciences and technologies or in the social sciences , prepare students for specific career outlets ; thus modern language courses for the most part give attention to the practical application of the language with a view to the student 's ultimate employment , for example as an interpreter , while courses in social science often include options in such areas as community work , social planning , industrial relations , and public administration .
the great majority of their courses , whether in business and management studies , the sciences and technologies or in the social sciences , prepare students for specific career outlets ; thus modern language courses for the most part give attention to the practical [use] of the language with a view to the student 's ultimate employment , for example as an interpreter , while courses in social science often include options in such areas as community work , social planning , industrial relations , and public administration .

The increase in the regulatory role of public authorities provided further opportunity for the generalised application of the maxim .
the increase in the regulatory role of public authorities provided further opportunity for the generalised [use] of the maxim .

Giving a person a hearing before deciding to refuse such a licence application can help to ensure that this goal is correctly applied in a particular instance .
giving a person a hearing before deciding to refuse such a licence [use] can help to ensure that this goal is correctly applied in a particular instance .

Despite this the courts began to draw a dichotomy between administrative and judicial decisions , to take a narrow view of what constituted a judicial or quasi-judicial decision and to require this as a condition precedent for the application of a right to a hearing .
despite this the courts began to draw a dichotomy between administrative and judicial decisions , to take a narrow view of what constituted a judicial or quasi-judicial decision and to require this as a condition precedent for the [use] of a right to a hearing .

In Nakkuda Ali one of the reasons why the Privy Council denied the application of natural justice was because the cancellation of a licence was characterised as the withdrawal of a privilege and not the determination of a right , and in ex p .
in nakkuda ali one of the reasons why the privy council denied the [use] of natural justice was because the cancellation of a licence was characterised as the withdrawal of a privilege and not the determination of a right , and in ex p .

The application of natural justice in the context of inquiries has already been touched upon in discussing the administrative-judicial dichotomy .
the [use] of natural justice in the context of inquiries has already been touched upon in discussing the administrative-judicial dichotomy .

There were indications in England , Australia , Canada and New Zealand of a less rigid application of the principle .
there were indications in england , australia , canada and new zealand of a less rigid [use] of the principle .

However it would be correct to say that the application of natural justice was at a low ebb prior to the decision of the House of Lords in Ridge v. Baldwin .
however it would be correct to say that the [use] of natural justice was at a low ebb prior to the decision of the house of lords in ridge v. baldwin .

His Lordship reviewed the nineteenth century case law which evidenced the broad application of natural justice and then proceeded to consider why , given these authorities , the law had become confused .
his lordship reviewed the nineteenth century case law which evidenced the broad [use] of natural justice and then proceeded to consider why , given these authorities , the law had become confused .

The first was that natural justice could have only a limited application in the context of the wider duties or discretion imposed upon a minister ; unfortunately the courts had applied those limited notions of natural justice to other areas where the constraints were unnecessary .
the first was that natural justice could have only a limited [use] in the context of the wider duties or discretion imposed upon a minister ; unfortunately the courts had applied those limited notions of natural justice to other areas where the constraints were unnecessary .

The second reason was that the principle had received only limited application during the war .
the second reason was that the principle had received only limited [use] during the war .

The starkness of the contrast drawn between the premises and application of traditional natural justice and those of fairness are open to a number of objections .
the starkness of the contrast drawn between the premises and [use] of traditional natural justice and those of fairness are open to a number of objections .

While this may have formed part of the rationale for the application of natural justice , the major reason for the development of the doctrine was the protection of property rights and interests akin thereto .
while this may have formed part of the rationale for the [use] of natural justice , the major reason for the development of the doctrine was the protection of property rights and interests akin thereto .

Thirdly , the application of the rules of natural justice , prior to the introduction of fairness , was not and never has been uniform in its operation .
thirdly , the [use] of the rules of natural justice , prior to the introduction of fairness , was not and never has been uniform in its operation .

For example , to take some position as to whether the renewal of a licence is a ‘ higher ’ interest than an initial application is not to indulge in rigid conceptualism , but is rather a necessary step in reaching any decision at all .
for example , to take some position as to whether the renewal of a licence is a ‘ higher ’ interest than an initial [use] is not to indulge in rigid conceptualism , but is rather a necessary step in reaching any decision at all .

Provided that we do not assume that all renewal cases warrant more procedural protection than all initial application cases , irrespective of the nature of the substantive area under scrutiny , then such ranking is both necessary and helpful .
provided that we do not assume that all renewal cases warrant more procedural protection than all initial [use] cases , irrespective of the nature of the substantive area under scrutiny , then such ranking is both necessary and helpful .

It may well be the case that the very concept of adjudication as applied to disputes between private individuals will have to be modified in its application to litigation involving public bodies .
it may well be the case that the very concept of adjudication as applied to disputes between private individuals will have to be modified in its [use] to litigation involving public bodies .

They have always presented a problem for the application of natural justice .
they have always presented a problem for the [use] of natural justice .

In the context of , for example , an application for a licence , there is no ‘ charge .
in the context of , for example , an [use] for a licence , there is no ‘ charge .

Prior to Ridge v. Baldwin the combined effect of the administrative-judicial dichotomy and that drawn between rights and privileges , resulted in the rules of procedural fairness having only a limited application in this area .
prior to ridge v. baldwin the combined effect of the administrative-judicial dichotomy and that drawn between rights and privileges , resulted in the rules of procedural fairness having only a limited [use] in this area .

Some elements of natural justice or fairness will normally be required , although precisely which will be dependent upon the nature of the issuing authority and whether the case is concerned with the application , renewal , or revocation of the licence .
some elements of natural justice or fairness will normally be required , although precisely which will be dependent upon the nature of the issuing authority and whether the case is concerned with the [use] , renewal , or revocation of the licence .

While the application of procedural checks to licensing activities has therefore increased it would be mistaken to say that it is now accepted that any licensing function should be subjected to such safeguards .
while the [use] of procedural checks to licensing activities has therefore increased it would be mistaken to say that it is now accepted that any licensing function should be subjected to such safeguards .

The application of natural justice in the context of discipline suffered , like the case of licensing , from the administrative-judicial distinction ; disciplinary measures were deemed not to be judicial with the correlative inapplicability of natural justice .
the [use] of natural justice in the context of discipline suffered , like the case of licensing , from the administrative-judicial distinction ; disciplinary measures were deemed not to be judicial with the correlative inapplicability of natural justice .

As with licensing , the position has now altered , though the content and indeed application of natural justice or fairness will vary as between areas .
as with licensing , the position has now altered , though the content and indeed [use] of natural justice or fairness will vary as between areas .

The application of natural justice to preliminary hearings or investigations has tended to produce polarised arguments : the public body arguing that procedural rules have no place in the context of such hearings or investigations , and the individual asserting that they should apply in their full vigour .
the [use] of natural justice to preliminary hearings or investigations has tended to produce polarised arguments : the public body arguing that procedural rules have no place in the context of such hearings or investigations , and the individual asserting that they should apply in their full vigour .

Secondly , continuing analysis is required to determine whether the content of the rules in general , and their application to particular areas , is being pitched at the ‘ right ’ level .
secondly , continuing analysis is required to determine whether the content of the rules in general , and their [use] to particular areas , is being pitched at the ‘ right ’ level .

Recognition of a general duty to provide reasons furnishes an example of a central aspect of natural justice which could well be improved , while the application of procedural rights in the context of employment relationships and aliens exemplifies particular areas where significant change should be made .
recognition of a general duty to provide reasons furnishes an example of a central aspect of natural justice which could well be improved , while the [use] of procedural rights in the context of employment relationships and aliens exemplifies particular areas where significant change should be made .

The concluding comments thus far have been directed towards the application and content of natural justice and fairness seeing both of these terms against an adjudicative framework .
the concluding comments thus far have been directed towards the [use] and content of natural justice and fairness seeing both of these terms against an adjudicative framework .

The subject-matter may be of a discretionary or regulatory nature and while these elements should not exclude proscriptions against bias they are likely to modify their application .
the subject-matter may be of a discretionary or regulatory nature and while these elements should not exclude proscriptions against bias they are likely to modify their [use] .

Administrators may have guidelines to help them to interpret a broadly worded statute , the application of which should not in itself constitute bias .
administrators may have guidelines to help them to interpret a broadly worded statute , the [use] of which should not in itself constitute bias .

The application of certain statutory terms might be deemed questions of fact .
the [use] of certain statutory terms might be deemed questions of fact .

Or the courts could call the application of a statutory term a question of law , but accept that it does not have to have only one meaning .
or the courts could call the [use] of a statutory term a question of law , but accept that it does not have to have only one meaning .

The Director of Public Prosecutions had made an application to a judge in chambers under section 411 of the Companies Act 1948 in order to obtain books and papers relevant to showing that an offence in connection with the management of the company had taken place .
the director of public prosecutions had made an [use] to a judge in chambers under section 411 of the companies act 1948 in order to obtain books and papers relevant to showing that an offence in connection with the management of the company had taken place .

What we are , however , concerned with now is the standard of review which should apply to determine whether the meaning of that term is satisfied by the evidence before the decision-maker . Given a certain meaning which the courts have ascribed to the term employee , how closely should they supervise the application of that term to the facts of a particular case ?
what we are , however , concerned with now is the standard of review which should apply to determine whether the meaning of that term is satisfied by the evidence before the decision-maker . given a certain meaning which the courts have ascribed to the term employee , how closely should they supervise the [use] of that term to the facts of a particular case ?

The first , is the arbitrariness and uncertainty of its application .
the first , is the arbitrariness and uncertainty of its [use] .

If the courts were to develop the idea that all errors of law are jurisdictional , defined the word law in a purely analytical way so that it embraced any , or almost any application of a statutory term and substituted judgment on the meaning of that term , then a prospective applicant would be clear that the courts would intervene using that standard .
if the courts were to develop the idea that all errors of law are jurisdictional , defined the word law in a purely analytical way so that it embraced any , or almost any [use] of a statutory term and substituted judgment on the meaning of that term , then a prospective applicant would be clear that the courts would intervene using that standard .

First , the existence and application of such principles can be contentious .
first , the existence and [use] of such principles can be contentious .

If the concept is viewed in this broad way , then its application to any of the diverse areas mentioned above is scarcely more self-executing or clearcut than usage of terms , such as reasonableness , which it seeks to replace .
if the concept is viewed in this broad way , then its [use] to any of the diverse areas mentioned above is scarcely more self-executing or clearcut than usage of terms , such as reasonableness , which it seeks to replace .

The third problem is in a sense the most important , albeit a corollary of the two preceding points : the application of substantive principles will require the proper articulation of a background political theory which will serve to explain why a particular principle is said to produce or demand a particular result in a given case .
the third problem is in a sense the most important , albeit a corollary of the two preceding points : the [use] of substantive principles will require the proper articulation of a background political theory which will serve to explain why a particular principle is said to produce or demand a particular result in a given case .

The object in this chapter is to convey something of the nature and application of these techniques without going into detailed descriptions .
the object in this chapter is to convey something of the nature and [use] of these techniques without going into detailed descriptions .

This is sometimes known as a Monte Carlo simulation , due to the original gambling application of this approach .
this is sometimes known as a monte carlo simulation , due to the original gambling [use] of this approach .

microelectronics , ie the design , application and production of very small-scale electronic devices containing densely packed components ;
microelectronics , ie the design , [use] and production of very small-scale electronic devices containing densely packed components ;

Their future application is seen in terms of providing infra-red diffusers to act as cordless links between such machines as word-processors , telephones and computers , for example .
their future [use] is seen in terms of providing infra-red diffusers to act as cordless links between such machines as word-processors , telephones and computers , for example .

The Act also tightens up the application of the Unfair Contract Terms Act , 1977 , in respect of services and disclaimer clauses .
the act also tightens up the [use] of the unfair contract terms act , 1977 , in respect of services and disclaimer clauses .

They include the following examples — type of buyer ( Government , private firm etc ) , trade group , and end-use ( specialised application or general etc ) .
they include the following examples — type of buyer ( government , private firm etc ) , trade group , and end-use ( specialised [use] or general etc ) .

This role is particularly important in the development and application of computers in the production process .
this role is particularly important in the development and [use] of computers in the production process .

Nitrous oxide , commonly known as laughing gas and once used as a dental anaesthetic , is a natural product of biological processes in soils and water but is also emitted to the atmosphere by fossil-fuel burning , soil disturbance , the application of nitrogen based fertilizers , biomass burning and animal and human wastes .
nitrous oxide , commonly known as laughing gas and once used as a dental anaesthetic , is a natural product of biological processes in soils and water but is also emitted to the atmosphere by fossil-fuel burning , soil disturbance , the [use] of nitrogen based fertilizers , biomass burning and animal and human wastes .

As observed in Chapter 1 , the Thatcher government 's general approach has been to couple the application within the public sector of those private managerial techniques perceived as most conducive to value for money — notably objective setting and performance measurement — with an increasing encouragement to greater consumer responsiveness . The philosophy underlying this approach has been aptly summarized by Gray and Jenkins ( 1986 , p. 171 ) :
as observed in chapter 1 , the thatcher government 's general approach has been to couple the [use] within the public sector of those private managerial techniques perceived as most conducive to value for money — notably objective setting and performance measurement — with an increasing encouragement to greater consumer responsiveness . the philosophy underlying this approach has been aptly summarized by gray and jenkins ( 1986 , p. 171 ) :

The idea of decentralization to departmental units of accountable management not only undermines the hierarchical authority structure traditionally used in bureaucracies to enforce equitable application of departmental rules ( see p. 26 ) , but its underlying aim , as Gray and Jenkins ( 1985 , p. 157 ) warn , ‘ may be to downgrade … the search for fairness and equity of treatment … since such practices may not be value for money ’ , In the private sector , where equity is less important ( and in some cases absent ) , the search for value for money conflicts with no particular value systems , but in the public sector it does .
the idea of decentralization to departmental units of accountable management not only undermines the hierarchical authority structure traditionally used in bureaucracies to enforce equitable [use] of departmental rules ( see p. 26 ) , but its underlying aim , as gray and jenkins ( 1985 , p. 157 ) warn , ‘ may be to downgrade … the search for fairness and equity of treatment … since such practices may not be value for money ’ , in the private sector , where equity is less important ( and in some cases absent ) , the search for value for money conflicts with no particular value systems , but in the public sector it does .

It was in this way that he discovered that not all Morris 's application with the typewriter was devoted to ‘ In Years Gone By .
it was in this way that he discovered that not all morris 's [use] with the typewriter was devoted to ‘ in years gone by .

But , in the eighteenth century — as a direct result of the Enlightenment and scientific revolutions — there was the gradual application of scientific discoveries to the process of agricultural production on the land .
but , in the eighteenth century — as a direct result of the enlightenment and scientific revolutions — there was the gradual [use] of scientific discoveries to the process of agricultural production on the land .

This increase in effective demand was a crucial factor in encouraging the application of technology to the production of material commodities .
this increase in effective demand was a crucial factor in encouraging the [use] of technology to the production of material commodities .

This application of technology to domestic systems of commodity production was to have a profound effect on the old feudal merchant and artisan classes and lead , eventually , to their challenging the dominance of the landowning class .
this [use] of technology to domestic systems of commodity production was to have a profound effect on the old feudal merchant and artisan classes and lead , eventually , to their challenging the dominance of the landowning class .

It is not surprising , either , that the cotton industry of Lancashire should be the first industry to feel the full effects of the application of machinery to production .
it is not surprising , either , that the cotton industry of lancashire should be the first industry to feel the full effects of the [use] of machinery to production .

His particular ideas of politics and government are an application of his more general theory about the interaction of various forces on individuals .
his particular ideas of politics and government are an [use] of his more general theory about the interaction of various forces on individuals .

superficially at least ; some claims to general application , even if the empirical reference is distant This definition suits the highly abstract nature of Pareto 's model very well .
superficially at least ; some claims to general [use] , even if the empirical reference is distant this definition suits the highly abstract nature of pareto 's model very well .

One possible answer to this question comes from the application of psychological analysis to political studies .
one possible answer to this question comes from the [use] of psychological analysis to political studies .

Although childhood socialisation has been important in electoral studies , it has had little application in decision making studies .
although childhood socialisation has been important in electoral studies , it has had little [use] in decision making studies .

Whatever one may think of its application to the particular case , there can be little doubt that Banfield has at the very least described in an ideal form a society in which thrift , enterprise , trust and cooperation are impossible , and therefore one in which political and economic development along liberal democratic and capitalist lines are grossly inhibited .
whatever one may think of its [use] to the particular case , there can be little doubt that banfield has at the very least described in an ideal form a society in which thrift , enterprise , trust and cooperation are impossible , and therefore one in which political and economic development along liberal democratic and capitalist lines are grossly inhibited .

Buffers and balances that in temperate latitudes keep populations steady have less application in polar regions , and swings between success and failure , between underpopulation and overcrowding , tend to be violent .
buffers and balances that in temperate latitudes keep populations steady have less [use] in polar regions , and swings between success and failure , between underpopulation and overcrowding , tend to be violent .

Only by wearing the furs of other animals , by use of fire and by liberal application of his wits , has northern man has survived as an indigenous polar and subpolar animal for more than 20000 years .
only by wearing the furs of other animals , by use of fire and by liberal [use] of his wits , has northern man has survived as an indigenous polar and subpolar animal for more than 20000 years .

One said it was pointless to put him on a waiting list , but letters from a grain merchant 's and from Littlewood 's Pools promised to file his application and interview him when he returned home .
one said it was pointless to put him on a waiting list , but letters from a grain merchant 's and from littlewood 's pools promised to file his [use] and interview him when he returned home .

In any field of employment a successful application depends to some degree on the applicant 's being seen to say and do what is expected during the selection process , and to this extent conventional selection methods can always be faulted for the way they may presume that words uttered on a form or in an interview are reliable indicators of future performance .
in any field of employment a successful [use] depends to some degree on the applicant 's being seen to say and do what is expected during the selection process , and to this extent conventional selection methods can always be faulted for the way they may presume that words uttered on a form or in an interview are reliable indicators of future performance .

By this stage , Mariátegui , unconstrained by the rigidities of Stalinist orthodoxy , had already undertaken his original application of Marxism to the Latin American situation .
by this stage , mariátegui , unconstrained by the rigidities of stalinist orthodoxy , had already undertaken his original [use] of marxism to the latin american situation .

This defeat of the most successful application of Communist party popular front tactics appeared to demonstrate that opposition forces within Latin America ( backed up by the United States ) were too powerful for such a strategy to be ultimately successful .
this defeat of the most successful [use] of communist party popular front tactics appeared to demonstrate that opposition forces within latin america ( backed up by the united states ) were too powerful for such a strategy to be ultimately successful .

Internationally , the increasingly frequent application of the label ‘ Communist ’ to the Cuban regime throughout 1959 had introduced the issue of prestige for the Soviet Union .
internationally , the increasingly frequent [use] of the label ‘ communist ’ to the cuban regime throughout 1959 had introduced the issue of prestige for the soviet union .

‘ If the Yasa permitted the application of our knowledge — ’ Alexei started .
‘ if the yasa permitted the [use] of our knowledge — ’ alexei started .

That was the principle of the Yasa so far as the practical application of scientific knowledge was concerned .
that was the principle of the yasa so far as the practical [use] of scientific knowledge was concerned .

Smith 's application of Smelser 's model is forced to rely on an assortment of different examples and there is little sense of how well it applies to separate case studies .
smith 's [use] of smelser 's model is forced to rely on an assortment of different examples and there is little sense of how well it applies to separate case studies .

‘ The history of its application throughout this period suggests that its more important function was to suppress all forms of challenge , whether peaceful or violent , to the hegemony of its unionist sponsors .
‘ the history of its [use] throughout this period suggests that its more important function was to suppress all forms of challenge , whether peaceful or violent , to the hegemony of its unionist sponsors .

Our application of these ready-made stories and stereotypes to our lives may not be particularly apt , but the web of intertextual concepts which forms the substrata of our experience nevertheless plays an inescapable role in our lives .
our [use] of these ready-made stories and stereotypes to our lives may not be particularly apt , but the web of intertextual concepts which forms the substrata of our experience nevertheless plays an inescapable role in our lives .

Far from being a romantic reaction against science , this represents an effort to make people recognize that the scientific concepts which permeate our society have implications far beyond the immediate domain of their technical application , and that they are rooted in seemingly more primitive modes of thought such as story-telling .
far from being a romantic reaction against science , this represents an effort to make people recognize that the scientific concepts which permeate our society have implications far beyond the immediate domain of their technical [use] , and that they are rooted in seemingly more primitive modes of thought such as story-telling .

This voucher can be used with their next mortgage application through the society , as long as this is within six months of the original application .
this voucher can be used with their next mortgage [use] through the society , as long as this is within six months of the original [use] .

Planning departments in local councils up and down the country are being overwhelmed ; for example , West Sussex County Council currently receives an application to build a course each day .
planning departments in local councils up and down the country are being overwhelmed ; for example , west sussex county council currently receives an [use] to build a course each day .

‘ They 're trying it on with the application .
‘ they 're trying it on with the [use] .

Tom Watson , for example , resigned from a Kansas City Club because a Jewish businessman was unsuccessful with his application for membership , while the Augusta National has been obliged to accept a black member in order to continue as hosts of The Masters .
tom watson , for example , resigned from a kansas city club because a jewish businessman was unsuccessful with his [use] for membership , while the augusta national has been obliged to accept a black member in order to continue as hosts of the masters .

Anne and Chris did n't want to return full time to stressful teaching jobs when their maternity leave ended , so together they sent in a joint application for a full-time position with a covering letter pointing out the benefits of job sharing , and the way they could organize their week and their timetable .
anne and chris did n't want to return full time to stressful teaching jobs when their maternity leave ended , so together they sent in a joint [use] for a full-time position with a covering letter pointing out the benefits of job sharing , and the way they could organize their week and their timetable .

application kernel benchmarks
[use] kernel benchmarks

Second , ( application of known technology ) .
second , ( [use] of known technology ) .

Because it is an interlocutory judgement it is usually heard before a master of the High Court , and a defendant only has to show a good arguable case for the plaintiff 's application to fail .
because it is an interlocutory judgement it is usually heard before a master of the high court , and a defendant only has to show a good arguable case for the plaintiff 's [use] to fail .

In the event the judge merely shared the surprise of one of the counsel for the defence , and left the matter to be resolved by an application by the defendant banks to the Companies Court under section 168 ( 5 ) of the Insolvency Act 1986 .
in the event the judge merely shared the surprise of one of the counsel for the defence , and left the matter to be resolved by an [use] by the defendant banks to the companies court under section 168 ( 5 ) of the insolvency act 1986 .

Application processing is a simple check that the data received from the response matches exactly the data that was used to construct the original offer .
[use] processing is a simple check that the data received from the response matches exactly the data that was used to construct the original offer .

In summary , the crossroads we are reaching is one where the established targeting criteria ( such as demographics , application form characteristics and average balance ) which pointed to whom to mail , will in future be overlaid by more complex segmentation systems based on trends and changes in the way customers use the totality of accounts .
in summary , the crossroads we are reaching is one where the established targeting criteria ( such as demographics , [use] form characteristics and average balance ) which pointed to whom to mail , will in future be overlaid by more complex segmentation systems based on trends and changes in the way customers use the totality of accounts .

Any comments already made following the original application for planning permission ( unless they are expressly confidential ) will be forwarded to the Department and copied to the appellant and will be taken into account by your Inspector in deciding the appeal .
any comments already made following the original [use] for planning permission ( unless they are expressly confidential ) will be forwarded to the department and copied to the appellant and will be taken into account by your inspector in deciding the appeal .

Brief particulars of application
brief particulars of [use]

The Cherwell District Council as District Planning Authority on the 11th day of February 1988 refused planning permission for the development described in your above-mentioned application and the plans accompanying such application .
the cherwell district council as district planning authority on the 11th day of february 1988 refused planning permission for the development described in your above-mentioned [use] and the plans accompanying such [use] .

In certain circumstances , a claim may be made against the local planning authority for compensation , where permission is refused or granted subject to conditions by the Secretary of State on appeal or on a reference of the application to him .
in certain circumstances , a claim may be made against the local planning authority for compensation , where permission is refused or granted subject to conditions by the secretary of state on appeal or on a reference of the [use] to him .

Your representations in respect of the above-mentioned planning application were reported to the Council 's South Area Planning Sub-Committee when they considered the application at their recent meeting .
your representations in respect of the above-mentioned planning [use] were reported to the council 's south area planning sub-committee when they considered the [use] at their recent meeting .

The Sub-Committee , after bearing in mind all the relevant points , have refused the application .
the sub-committee , after bearing in mind all the relevant points , have refused the [use] .

Brief particulars of application
brief particulars of [use]

The Cherwell District Council as District Planning Authority on the 11th day of February 1988 refused planning permission for the development described in your above-mentioned application and the plans accompanying such application .
the cherwell district council as district planning authority on the 11th day of february 1988 refused planning permission for the development described in your above-mentioned [use] and the plans accompanying such [use] .

An application for planning permission to carry out development at the above-mentioned site has been received .
an [use] for planning permission to carry out development at the above-mentioned site has been received .

Those ratepayers already paying General Rates by this method must also make application .
those ratepayers already paying general rates by this method must also make [use] .

It will be assessed automatically and therefore no application is necessary .
it will be assessed automatically and therefore no [use] is necessary .

Regrettably , because to forcibly remove the cabins by legal action would take 12 months , the City Council considered they had no option but to approve Lucy 's application .
regrettably , because to forcibly remove the cabins by legal action would take 12 months , the city council considered they had no option but to approve lucy 's [use] .

You will then be allowed to vote by post or proxy if your application reaches the registration officer before noon on the sixth day before polling day ( not counting the days mentioned above ) .
you will then be allowed to vote by post or proxy if your [use] reaches the registration officer before noon on the sixth day before polling day ( not counting the days mentioned above ) .

When you have done this you will need to get your application attested ( that is , countersigned ) by a person :
when you have done this you will need to get your [use] attested ( that is , countersigned ) by a person :

who can certify that to the best of his or her knowledge and belief , the statement in your application is true ;
who can certify that to the best of his or her knowledge and belief , the statement in your [use] is true ;

who has not attested any other application for an absent vote at that election .
who has not attested any other [use] for an absent vote at that election .

If your application is made because you are ill or are likely to be ill on polling day you can have your application attested by a doctor , a suitably qualified nurse ( first level nurse trained in general nursing ) or a Christian Science practitioner .
if your [use] is made because you are ill or are likely to be ill on polling day you can have your [use] attested by a doctor , a suitably qualified nurse ( first level nurse trained in general nursing ) or a christian science practitioner .

You will need to say on the application form whether you want to vote by post or by proxy .
you will need to say on the [use] form whether you want to vote by post or by proxy .

He will normally let you know if he allows your application .
he will normally let you know if he allows your [use] .

If you have applied to vote by post and your application is allowed you will receive a postal ballot paper a week or so before polling day .
if you have applied to vote by post and your [use] is allowed you will receive a postal ballot paper a week or so before polling day .

If you have applied to vote by proxy and your application is allowed the registration officer will issue your proxy with a ‘ proxy paper ’ which entitles him or her to go to the polling station and vote for you .
if you have applied to vote by proxy and your [use] is allowed the registration officer will issue your proxy with a ‘ proxy paper ’ which entitles him or her to go to the polling station and vote for you .

If the registration officer disallows your application he will let you know .
if the registration officer disallows your [use] he will let you know .

An Assured Shorthold Tenant may make an application to a Rent Assessment Committee for a determination of the rent which in the opinion of the Committee the landlord might reasonably be expected to obtain for the property .
an assured shorthold tenant may make an [use] to a rent assessment committee for a determination of the rent which in the opinion of the committee the landlord might reasonably be expected to obtain for the property .

It explains who should make an application and who will automatically be considered for help .
it explains who should make an [use] and who will automatically be considered for help .

If you do n't receive Housing Benefit or Income Support you should apply now in order that your application can be dealt with at an early date .
if you do n't receive housing benefit or income support you should apply now in order that your [use] can be dealt with at an early date .

If you feel that due to your own income , you will find difficulty in paying the charge , make application for Poll Tax benefit to us now .
if you feel that due to your own income , you will find difficulty in paying the charge , make [use] for poll tax benefit to us now .

There is no need to complete a new application form .
there is no need to complete a new [use] form .

The Office of Fair Trading says that these advertisements purport to offer help in removing adverse credit history information from credit reference agency files , and to give guidance on how to make a successful credit application .
the office of fair trading says that these advertisements purport to offer help in removing adverse credit history information from credit reference agency files , and to give guidance on how to make a successful credit [use] .

Consumers could be committing fraud if they provide false information on a credit application form .
consumers could be committing fraud if they provide false information on a credit [use] form .

In the civil courts the plaintiff would be required to provide his or her case against the defendants , so to allow the application under section 232 ( 2 ) would be oppressive .
in the civil courts the plaintiff would be required to provide his or her case against the defendants , so to allow the [use] under section 232 ( 2 ) would be oppressive .

If an insurance company seeks a charge on a per application basis — beware .
if an insurance company seeks a charge on a per [use] basis — beware .

by no means all the battles have yet been won , but already we expect that we can break new ground if we really try hard enough ; we expect to seen our ambitions fulfilled if we have the talent and application to meet our goals .
by no means all the battles have yet been won , but already we expect that we can break new ground if we really try hard enough ; we expect to seen our ambitions fulfilled if we have the talent and [use] to meet our goals .

Very oily skins will probably feel far more comfortable without moisturiser , but a light application of oil-free foundation will even out your skin tone and act as a protective barrier .
very oily skins will probably feel far more comfortable without moisturiser , but a light [use] of oil-free foundation will even out your skin tone and act as a protective barrier .

Application of the cooler colours requires care and deft precision .
[use] of the cooler colours requires care and deft precision .

We have a perfect right to use such areas in the responsible pursuit of our hobby , yet this right is often denied to us , usually by manipulative application of bye- laws .
we have a perfect right to use such areas in the responsible pursuit of our hobby , yet this right is often denied to us , usually by manipulative [use] of bye- laws .

The cause at issue right now was the planning application for half a dozen houses in the orchard attached to a cottage in the centre of the village , the property of a local farmer .
the cause at issue right now was the planning [use] for half a dozen houses in the orchard attached to a cottage in the centre of the village , the property of a local farmer .

‘ Clegg will make about a hundred thousand , ’ said Peter Sidey , ‘ if his application goes through .
‘ clegg will make about a hundred thousand , ’ said peter sidey , ‘ if his [use] goes through .

The latter fell from 7.7 million in 1973 to 5.1 million in 1990 because of the effects of recession conditions in 1979–82 , the accelerated growth in productivity after 1980 and the application of new technology .
the latter fell from 7.7 million in 1973 to 5.1 million in 1990 because of the effects of recession conditions in 1979–82 , the accelerated growth in productivity after 1980 and the [use] of new technology .

The process represented a refined and more detailed application of the principles of environmentalism .
the process represented a refined and more detailed [use] of the principles of environmentalism .

Passing through Parliament with little immediate opposition , the contagious diseases legislation was a significant manifestation of consensus politics , marking the application of precision social engineering to the domain of sexuality .
passing through parliament with little immediate opposition , the contagious diseases legislation was a significant manifestation of consensus politics , marking the [use] of precision social engineering to the domain of sexuality .

In the practical application of his theory Acton became much more pragmatic .
in the practical [use] of his theory acton became much more pragmatic .

The creation of the Ministry of Health in 1919 registered a self-conscious application of this moralized medical ideology .
the creation of the ministry of health in 1919 registered a self-conscious [use] of this moralized medical ideology .

Varieties in English : — the methods , objectives and problems involved in a description of language varieties ; application of the concept of varieties to ideas of correctness and appropriateness ; the speech community ; the language of school subjects ; practice in the analysis of spoken and written , literary and non-literary texts .
varieties in english : — the methods , objectives and problems involved in a description of language varieties ; [use] of the concept of varieties to ideas of correctness and appropriateness ; the speech community ; the language of school subjects ; practice in the analysis of spoken and written , literary and non-literary texts .

This part of the course is intended to enable the student to spend enough time on one current and developing model of grammar to be at ease with its fundamental concepts and to understand in some detail the application of these to the solution of actual problems in English .
this part of the course is intended to enable the student to spend enough time on one current and developing model of grammar to be at ease with its fundamental concepts and to understand in some detail the [use] of these to the solution of actual problems in english .

Readability — application of formulae — discussion of usefulness .
readability — [use] of formulae — discussion of usefulness .

Another practical application soon followed , in the field of public administration .
another practical [use] soon followed , in the field of public administration .

So far , developments in the field of regional planning related to two matters : the application of statutory procedures on a territorial scale larger than a single local authority , and the pursuance of dispersal and decentralization to form the basis of a spatial model for big city growth .
so far , developments in the field of regional planning related to two matters : the [use] of statutory procedures on a territorial scale larger than a single local authority , and the pursuance of dispersal and decentralization to form the basis of a spatial model for big city growth .

This legislation ensured that the whole of Britain has been subject to compulsory land planning based on the application of two simple practices : the preparation ( including revision and updating ) of plans for the future allocation of land uses , and the control of development to accord with the provisions of those plans .
this legislation ensured that the whole of britain has been subject to compulsory land planning based on the [use] of two simple practices : the preparation ( including revision and updating ) of plans for the future allocation of land uses , and the control of development to accord with the provisions of those plans .

The consistency of application since then has been remarkable , the benefits being seen in a lengthy , unbroken period during which time there has been a sustained management of urban change : plan making under constant review covering the whole of urban Britain , and control of development by public and private bodies in the community interest .
the consistency of [use] since then has been remarkable , the benefits being seen in a lengthy , unbroken period during which time there has been a sustained management of urban change : plan making under constant review covering the whole of urban britain , and control of development by public and private bodies in the community interest .

The magistrates gave the go-ahead to the committal and would be prepared to consider a bail application in the afternoon .
the magistrates gave the go-ahead to the committal and would be prepared to consider a bail [use] in the afternoon .

Application for the Grant/ Renewal/Variation of a Firearm Certificate .
[use] for the grant/ renewal/variation of a firearm certificate .

In botany the theoretical debate was less acute , although the prospect for the practical application of scientific knowledge was greater .
in botany the theoretical debate was less acute , although the prospect for the practical [use] of scientific knowledge was greater .

But such an application of hindsight ignores the fact that Darwin 's pre-genetical ideas were an integral part of the conceptual scheme within which his theory of evolution was formulated .
but such an [use] of hindsight ignores the fact that darwin 's pre-genetical ideas were an integral part of the conceptual scheme within which his theory of evolution was formulated .

Historians now suspect that this harsh image of Darwinism is a misinterpretation arising from the application of modern values to a past situation .
historians now suspect that this harsh image of darwinism is a misinterpretation arising from the [use] of modern values to a past situation .

The complex adaptation of the organism to its physical and organic environment was built up over time through the constant application of pressures that are never stable .
the complex adaptation of the organism to its physical and organic environment was built up over time through the constant [use] of pressures that are never stable .

The sprinkler system , suitably adapted to and designed for each individual risk , is capable of precise application in anticipation of flame travel as well as having satisfactory long term knock-out effects on residual fuel .
the sprinkler system , suitably adapted to and designed for each individual risk , is capable of precise [use] in anticipation of flame travel as well as having satisfactory long term knock-out effects on residual fuel .

The need for precise application results in sprinkler heads , detection systems and nozzles being positioned within the framework of materials in store , increasing the possibility of these influences and also the problems of satisfactory installation , inspection and maintenance .
the need for precise [use] results in sprinkler heads , detection systems and nozzles being positioned within the framework of materials in store , increasing the possibility of these influences and also the problems of satisfactory installation , inspection and maintenance .

Having regard to the doubts already expressed on the advisability of placing entire reliance on the automatic functioning of such systems , it is suggested that the facilities they provide for the application of water might be adapted to perform the additional role of fixed fire fighting equipment .
having regard to the doubts already expressed on the advisability of placing entire reliance on the automatic functioning of such systems , it is suggested that the facilities they provide for the [use] of water might be adapted to perform the additional role of fixed fire fighting equipment .

It is probable , however , particularly in the case of multiple fires , that priorities in the matter of water application and supply to different areas of the storage may alter during the progress of the fire .
it is probable , however , particularly in the case of multiple fires , that priorities in the matter of water [use] and supply to different areas of the storage may alter during the progress of the fire .

The current popular level of application of smoke vents to some 3–5 % of the floor area does seem low for the fire loads and rate of growth of fire , likely to be experienced in high-bay warehouses particularly when it is borne in mind that unless similar automatic ingress vent areas are provided at low level the effective ceiling vent areas might well be halved !
the current popular level of [use] of smoke vents to some 3–5 % of the floor area does seem low for the fire loads and rate of growth of fire , likely to be experienced in high-bay warehouses particularly when it is borne in mind that unless similar automatic ingress vent areas are provided at low level the effective ceiling vent areas might well be halved !

Due to the difficulties of achieving fast even concentrations of gas in such large congested volumes , their adverse effect on human beings , and ineffectiveness on rapidly developing deep- seated carbonaceous fires , and halon systems will normally only have application to parts of the ancillary accommodation such as computer suites .
due to the difficulties of achieving fast even concentrations of gas in such large congested volumes , their adverse effect on human beings , and ineffectiveness on rapidly developing deep- seated carbonaceous fires , and halon systems will normally only have [use] to parts of the ancillary accommodation such as computer suites .

This poses insurmountable problems of effectively transporting the powder through such a system and therefore they are not likely to have application in the warehouses under consideration .
this poses insurmountable problems of effectively transporting the powder through such a system and therefore they are not likely to have [use] in the warehouses under consideration .

Where these heights are exceeded the storage will be considered Extra High Hazard High Piled Storage and the appropriate ‘ densities of water application ’ and ‘ areas of operation ’ for ceiling level protection are shown in the following tables extracted from the Fire Offices ' Committee Rules .
where these heights are exceeded the storage will be considered extra high hazard high piled storage and the appropriate ‘ densities of water [use] ’ and ‘ areas of operation ’ for ceiling level protection are shown in the following tables extracted from the fire offices ' committee rules .

The densities of water application may vary considerably according to category of goods and storage height and it is therefore important to predict both the highest category of commodity and storage height likely to be used during the reasonable life of the building .
the densities of water [use] may vary considerably according to category of goods and storage height and it is therefore important to predict both the highest category of commodity and storage height likely to be used during the reasonable life of the building .

Water application systems can therefore be very effective and efficient , provided that the necessary requirements for their performance are well defined , and that the system is truly designed to meet these requirements .
water [use] systems can therefore be very effective and efficient , provided that the necessary requirements for their performance are well defined , and that the system is truly designed to meet these requirements .

The method of compartmentation would not , of course , be brought into action until a delay period had elapsed to permit the escape of personnel , and the timing of the foam application would need to be carefully controlled in order to leave sufficient time to permit the foam to fill the volume before the fire took substantial hold .
the method of compartmentation would not , of course , be brought into action until a delay period had elapsed to permit the escape of personnel , and the timing of the foam [use] would need to be carefully controlled in order to leave sufficient time to permit the foam to fill the volume before the fire took substantial hold .

The almost inevitable dispersion of the gas due to convection and displacement effects will result usually in the rapid reappearance of flames immediately application of the gas ceases .
the almost inevitable dispersion of the gas due to convection and displacement effects will result usually in the rapid reappearance of flames immediately [use] of the gas ceases .

This means , in effect , that these gases are not effective for local application to a fire within racking .
this means , in effect , that these gases are not effective for local [use] to a fire within racking .

The system is available for immediate application , within the very short time needed to produce really effective results .
the system is available for immediate [use] , within the very short time needed to produce really effective results .

Past experience has shown , on more than one occasion , that the adequate functioning of a modern ‘ high-bay ’ warehouse depends upon the correct implementation and diligent application of a highly disciplined systems approach .
past experience has shown , on more than one occasion , that the adequate functioning of a modern ‘ high-bay ’ warehouse depends upon the correct implementation and diligent [use] of a highly disciplined systems approach .

Duration of water application ( to control fire ) .
duration of water [use] ( to control fire ) .

Once detection occurs , however , the effect of the zoning pulls up the overall performance in terms of duration of application and water used , both of which are almost half the 29th edition values .
once detection occurs , however , the effect of the zoning pulls up the overall performance in terms of duration of [use] and water used , both of which are almost half the 29th edition values .

First , the idea of culture has application in relation to the academic community .
first , the idea of culture has [use] in relation to the academic community .

Ethical choices , then , enter into a discipline at all sorts of levels , from its overarching framework of values , through the specific truth criteria in current use , to their application on specific occasions .
ethical choices , then , enter into a discipline at all sorts of levels , from its overarching framework of values , through the specific truth criteria in current use , to their [use] on specific occasions .

Criticism has application , therefore , in a relatively open situation where things could be otherwise , but there is more to it than that .
criticism has [use] , therefore , in a relatively open situation where things could be otherwise , but there is more to it than that .

Some critical approaches have application across all disciplines .
some critical approaches have [use] across all disciplines .

The main problems seem to come when the foreground application program has control over the keyboard or is using large chunks of memory to mimic the screen .
the main problems seem to come when the foreground [use] program has control over the keyboard or is using large chunks of memory to mimic the screen .

Generally you 'll find that the publisher of a Desktop Accessory will show a list of ‘ proven to work ’ software , so unless you can see your particular application be cautious .
generally you 'll find that the publisher of a desktop accessory will show a list of ‘ proven to work ’ software , so unless you can see your particular [use] be cautious .

It can , he argues , often be reduced by the application of a little thought before you start work on your latest creation .
it can , he argues , often be reduced by the [use] of a little thought before you start work on your latest creation .

That is not to say that someone who is using word processing or a similar application will not be able to make the best of a desktop publishing package but rather to point out that new skills will need to be learned , new concepts understood .
that is not to say that someone who is using word processing or a similar [use] will not be able to make the best of a desktop publishing package but rather to point out that new skills will need to be learned , new concepts understood .

The Practical Application : So much for the theory behind digitisers , what about a version for the Spectrum user ?
the practical [use] : so much for the theory behind digitisers , what about a version for the spectrum user ?

The application of heat causes the ink and powder to fuse and a raised image is formed .
the [use] of heat causes the ink and powder to fuse and a raised image is formed .

All the clever file and record locking has to be handled by the application , Dialtext in this case , but the product does provide building blocks that allow this to be achieved relatively easily .
all the clever file and record locking has to be handled by the [use] , dialtext in this case , but the product does provide building blocks that allow this to be achieved relatively easily .

The software works with all ‘ legal ’ Macintosh hard disks and allows a single application , not a user , to operate on the same computer ; a print spooler or electronic mail package , for example .
the software works with all ‘ legal ’ macintosh hard disks and allows a single [use] , not a user , to operate on the same computer ; a print spooler or electronic mail package , for example .

Files must be sent in the format that the next receiving application can understand and to this end a couple of automatic conversion routines are supplied .
files must be sent in the format that the next receiving [use] can understand and to this end a couple of automatic conversion routines are supplied .

One for those who judge by appearances rather than practical application .
one for those who judge by appearances rather than practical [use] .

The latest application of the ink-jet principle is that of colour printing .
the latest [use] of the ink-jet principle is that of colour printing .

Over the last two years , however , it can hardly have escaped your notice that a new software application called desktop publishing has begun to appear on the scene .
over the last two years , however , it can hardly have escaped your notice that a new software [use] called desktop publishing has begun to appear on the scene .

The application of power or influence to settle the conflict .
the [use] of power or influence to settle the conflict .

’ The different application is caused by a better understanding of the motivations of human behaviour .
’ the different [use] is caused by a better understanding of the motivations of human behaviour .

There are clearly difficulties involved in the practical application of Likert 's ideas .
there are clearly difficulties involved in the practical [use] of likert 's ideas .

Then , when the rule is subsequently applied in specific cases , more junior management should be given the authority for its application .
then , when the rule is subsequently applied in specific cases , more junior management should be given the authority for its [use] .

the application of force , eg. physical or economic power ;
the [use] of force , eg. physical or economic power ;

the unseen application of personal power .
the unseen [use] of personal power .

His application for naturalization was accepted on 1 April 1790 and in June , as a merchant of Edmonton , Koops was made bankrupt .
his [use] for naturalization was accepted on 1 april 1790 and in june , as a merchant of edmonton , koops was made bankrupt .

Sadler , an astute businessman , did not proceed with the costly patent application , realizing that his process was safer if kept a closely guarded trade secret .
sadler , an astute businessman , did not proceed with the costly patent [use] , realizing that his process was safer if kept a closely guarded trade secret .

The first major application of Blumlein 's principles was in 1939 , when he developed the visual display sound locator to help anti-aircraft gun-laying before radar was available .
the first major [use] of blumlein 's principles was in 1939 , when he developed the visual display sound locator to help anti-aircraft gun-laying before radar was available .

Dering 's evident application , as well as a connection with Sir Heneage Finch ( later first Earl of Nottingham , q.v . )
dering 's evident [use] , as well as a connection with sir heneage finch ( later first earl of nottingham , q.v . )

’ This was probably the first successful application of the crank to a steam engine in order to produce rotary motion .
’ this was probably the first successful [use] of the crank to a steam engine in order to produce rotary motion .

In addition , on some manors , the liberal application of marl made possible an extension of the area under wheat .
in addition , on some manors , the liberal [use] of marl made possible an extension of the area under wheat .

His earliest appearance under the name of Barthelett , when he was still in St Dunstan 's parish , was in the application of 23 August 1524 for a licence to marry Agnes Langwyth , widow , at St Bride 's church , Fleet Street ( Allegations for Marriage Licences 1520–1610 , Harleian Society , vol .
his earliest appearance under the name of barthelett , when he was still in st dunstan 's parish , was in the [use] of 23 august 1524 for a licence to marry agnes langwyth , widow , at st bride 's church , fleet street ( allegations for marriage licences 1520–1610 , harleian society , vol .

He was disappointed in the same year when his application for the chair of botany at London University was unsuccessful .
he was disappointed in the same year when his [use] for the chair of botany at london university was unsuccessful .

His patent application for ‘ Apparatus for Brewing and Distilling ’ ( no .
his patent [use] for ‘ apparatus for brewing and distilling ’ ( no .

Bulleid was closely involved with innovations and developments in locomotives and rolling stock and was a pioneer in the application of welding , including its use for boilers .
bulleid was closely involved with innovations and developments in locomotives and rolling stock and was a pioneer in the [use] of welding , including its use for boilers .

The net effect of the application of the liberal model for developing work with the unemployed is thus somewhat muted and minimal .
the net effect of the [use] of the liberal model for developing work with the unemployed is thus somewhat muted and minimal .

On an application the court may decide any question relating to the title of any person who is a party to the application whether the question arises between members or alleged members , or between members or alleged members on the one hand and the company on the other hand , and may decide ‘ any question necessary or expedient to be decided for rectification … .
on an [use] the court may decide any question relating to the title of any person who is a party to the [use] whether the question arises between members or alleged members , or between members or alleged members on the one hand and the company on the other hand , and may decide ‘ any question necessary or expedient to be decided for rectification … .

There is some uncertainty as to the extent to which the company can rectify the register without an application to the court .
there is some uncertainty as to the extent to which the company can rectify the register without an [use] to the court .

Dealing first with ( a ) , the normal modus operandi in the case of new issues by public companies has been described in Chapter 13 : a would-be shareholder will apply in response to the prospectus , listing particulars or circular ; if the application is accepted he will be sent an allotment letter ; and this completes the needful agreement to become a member and shareholder .
dealing first with ( a ) , the normal modus operandi in the case of new issues by public companies has been described in chapter 13 : a would-be shareholder will apply in response to the prospectus , listing particulars or circular ; if the [use] is accepted he will be sent an allotment letter ; and this completes the needful agreement to become a member and shareholder .

( a ) Once a shareholder has incurred a debt or liability to the company , it has an equitable charge on the shares of that shareholder to secure payment which ranks in priority to later equitable interests and , it seems to earlier ones of which the company had no notice when its lien became effective ; and ( b ) in determining whether the company had notice , section 360 has no application ; if the company knows of the earlier equitable interest ( because , for example , a transfer of the shares has been lodged for registration even if that is refused ) it can not improve its own position to the detriment of the holder of that known equitable interest .
( a ) once a shareholder has incurred a debt or liability to the company , it has an equitable charge on the shares of that shareholder to secure payment which ranks in priority to later equitable interests and , it seems to earlier ones of which the company had no notice when its lien became effective ; and ( b ) in determining whether the company had notice , section 360 has no [use] ; if the company knows of the earlier equitable interest ( because , for example , a transfer of the shares has been lodged for registration even if that is refused ) it can not improve its own position to the detriment of the holder of that known equitable interest .

As in the case of personal representatives , the company 's articles will probably provide that any restrictions on transferability apply on any application to be registered and to any transfer by him and these restrictions may handicap the trustee in obtaining the best price on a sale of the shares , particularly if the articles confer pre-emption rights .
as in the case of personal representatives , the company 's articles will probably provide that any restrictions on transferability apply on any [use] to be registered and to any transfer by him and these restrictions may handicap the trustee in obtaining the best price on a sale of the shares , particularly if the articles confer pre-emption rights .

If nothing has occurred to render the security enforceable but the debentureholder 's position is nevertheless in jeopardy , an application to the court may be necessary , for the court has a discretionary power to appoint a receiver in such circumstances .
if nothing has occurred to render the security enforceable but the debentureholder 's position is nevertheless in jeopardy , an [use] to the court may be necessary , for the court has a discretionary power to appoint a receiver in such circumstances .

Since the 1986 Act allows a receiver , even though appointed out of court , to obtain the court 's directions , it is difficult to envisage circumstances in which an application to the court can be justified if the cheaper alternative is available , and the professional adviser who recommended it would be laying himself open to grave risk of criticism .
since the 1986 act allows a receiver , even though appointed out of court , to obtain the court 's directions , it is difficult to envisage circumstances in which an [use] to the court can be justified if the cheaper alternative is available , and the professional adviser who recommended it would be laying himself open to grave risk of criticism .

The section provides that the Secretary of State may make provisions by regulations in relation to revised accounts and reports which , in particular , may : — make different provisions according to whether the previous documents are replaced or merely supplemented by a statement of corrections ; deal with the functions of the auditors ; require the directors to take specified steps in relation to circulation to members and others entitled under section 238 ; laying before a general meeting and delivery to the Registrar ; and the application of provisions of the Act ( including penalties ) .
the section provides that the secretary of state may make provisions by regulations in relation to revised accounts and reports which , in particular , may : — make different provisions according to whether the previous documents are replaced or merely supplemented by a statement of corrections ; deal with the functions of the auditors ; require the directors to take specified steps in relation to circulation to members and others entitled under section 238 ; laying before a general meeting and delivery to the registrar ; and the [use] of provisions of the act ( including penalties ) .

Where there is a single act of violence rather than an ongoing event , the law is slightly more problematic ; its application to a case of missile throwing , for example , is not certain .
where there is a single act of violence rather than an ongoing event , the law is slightly more problematic ; its [use] to a case of missile throwing , for example , is not certain .

The potential mischief of uneven application that such a doctrine opens up was examined earlier .
the potential mischief of uneven [use] that such a doctrine opens up was examined earlier .

Because of the potential breadth of the language in which the section is drafted , it affords scope for injudicious policing ; considerable common sense and restraint on the part of the police will be called for in the application of the section .
because of the potential breadth of the language in which the section is drafted , it affords scope for injudicious policing ; considerable common sense and restraint on the part of the police will be called for in the [use] of the section .

’ The offence is commonly associated with the persistent drinker and alcoholic , but is by no means limited to such persons in its application .
’ the offence is commonly associated with the persistent drinker and alcoholic , but is by no means limited to such persons in its [use] .

Even though the process of applying to the High Court may be a somewhat slow one ( in a context where speed of response may be all important ) , the application for review may enable the court to give useful guidance for the future relating to , for example , the meaning of a term like ‘ serious disruption to the life of the community .
even though the process of applying to the high court may be a somewhat slow one ( in a context where speed of response may be all important ) , the [use] for review may enable the court to give useful guidance for the future relating to , for example , the meaning of a term like ‘ serious disruption to the life of the community .

’ The conditions for the application of the defence are cumulative rather than alternatives , so that if the publisher fails to meet any one of them , the defence fails .
’ the conditions for the [use] of the defence are cumulative rather than alternatives , so that if the publisher fails to meet any one of them , the defence fails .

Technically , an assault is either the application of force to the person of another , or the threat to apply it in such a way as to cause the other to fear or apprehend that he is about to be subjected to force .
technically , an assault is either the [use] of force to the person of another , or the threat to apply it in such a way as to cause the other to fear or apprehend that he is about to be subjected to force .

Miller and McKean , 1964 ) , passive sentences were constructed by the application of a passive transformation rule to an active , and negative sentences by application of a negative transformation rule to an affirmative .
miller and mckean , 1964 ) , passive sentences were constructed by the [use] of a passive transformation rule to an active , and negative sentences by [use] of a negative transformation rule to an affirmative .

It was further assumed that passive negative sentences were constructed by the application of two transformational rules ( passive and negative ) .
it was further assumed that passive negative sentences were constructed by the [use] of two transformational rules ( passive and negative ) .

Furthermore , the wrong reading responses with exception words should demonstrate the application of rules to these words , as in the pint example .
furthermore , the wrong reading responses with exception words should demonstrate the [use] of rules to these words , as in the pint example .

Reformers came to believe that many of the problems of government could be solved by the application to public administration of management techniques being developed in the private sector by large firms .
reformers came to believe that many of the problems of government could be solved by the [use] to public administration of management techniques being developed in the private sector by large firms .

In essence , they are settled by the application of legal principles and rules to the particular facts of the case as it is presented to the judge ( and , in some cases , a jury ) .
in essence , they are settled by the [use] of legal principles and rules to the particular facts of the case as it is presented to the judge ( and , in some cases , a jury ) .

British policy towards the European Community could be said to involve careful application of realist principles — the pursuit of national self-interest , narrowly defined , through participation in the single market but opting out of the social chapter .
british policy towards the european community could be said to involve careful [use] of realist principles — the pursuit of national self-interest , narrowly defined , through participation in the single market but opting out of the social chapter .

On the other hand , a consolidated source and application of funds statement is produced .
on the other hand , a consolidated source and [use] of funds statement is produced .

application of fundamentals to specific classes of business
[use] of fundamentals to specific classes of business

In the light of the above , it is not easy to explain the usefulness of publishing a source and application of funds statement for the organization as a whole .
in the light of the above , it is not easy to explain the usefulness of publishing a source and [use] of funds statement for the organization as a whole .

a statement of source and application of funds .
a statement of source and [use] of funds .

In my opinion these financial statements give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Welsh Development Agency and the Group at 31 March 1990 and of the results and the source and application of funds of the Group for the year then ended and have been properly prepared in accordance with the Welsh Development Agency Act 1975 and determinations made thereunder by the Secretary of State with the approval of the Treasury .
in my opinion these financial statements give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the welsh development agency and the group at 31 march 1990 and of the results and the source and [use] of funds of the group for the year then ended and have been properly prepared in accordance with the welsh development agency act 1975 and determinations made thereunder by the secretary of state with the approval of the treasury .

The style uses considerable muscle power in the delivery of its movements , which are linear in their application .
the style uses considerable muscle power in the delivery of its movements , which are linear in their [use] .

Application of techniques 1 : the attacker and defender assume positions .
[use] of techniques 1 : the attacker and defender assume positions .

Application of leopard techniques 1 : the attacker punches .
[use] of leopard techniques 1 : the attacker punches .

With application , this may take three to five years .
with [use] , this may take three to five years .

Self-control is needed throughout the session , because anger will lend hostility to his fighting manner , and hostility leads to the imperfect application of fighting principles .
self-control is needed throughout the session , because anger will lend hostility to his fighting manner , and hostility leads to the imperfect [use] of fighting principles .

After the new student experiences his first free sparring fight , he returns to his daily training with an intensified ardour , determined to correct his shortcomings in order to get his fighting application up to standard for the next sparring session .
after the new student experiences his first free sparring fight , he returns to his daily training with an intensified ardour , determined to correct his shortcomings in order to get his fighting [use] up to standard for the next sparring session .

Application of the elbow strike ( Empi-uchi ) to the midsection ; full hip twist is incorporated into the strike .
[use] of the elbow strike ( empi-uchi ) to the midsection ; full hip twist is incorporated into the strike .

Application of the wrist lock 1 : both thumbs are pressed into the back of the attacker 's hand , forcing the wrist back on itself .
[use] of the wrist lock 1 : both thumbs are pressed into the back of the attacker 's hand , forcing the wrist back on itself .

Application of the roundhouse kick to the head with the left leg .
[use] of the roundhouse kick to the head with the left leg .

Application of the back roundhouse kick to the head ( above ) , using the right heel . Application of the sidekick to the mid-section ( below )
[use] of the back roundhouse kick to the head ( above ) , using the right heel . [use] of the sidekick to the mid-section ( below )

Kata movement followed by its application 1 : from the kick block position .
kata movement followed by its [use] 1 : from the kick block position .

3 Application of the downward block .
3 [use] of the downward block .

4 Application of the lunge punch .
4 [use] of the lunge punch .

Application of the right inside block 1 : against a reverse punch .
[use] of the right inside block 1 : against a reverse punch .

Application of the roundhouse block 1 : the attacker grasps the defender 's neck with both hands who pushes both arms upwards through the grip to break the hold .
[use] of the roundhouse block 1 : the attacker grasps the defender 's neck with both hands who pushes both arms upwards through the grip to break the hold .

The application of techniques 1 : the attacker and defender both begin in the right stance .
the [use] of techniques 1 : the attacker and defender both begin in the right stance .

Application of techniques 1 : the attacker and defender square off , both in the left stance .
[use] of techniques 1 : the attacker and defender square off , both in the left stance .

The forearm downward block , the inner forearm outward block and the rising block all have the same basic application as the blocks in karate , the only difference being that they are executed with much more force .
the forearm downward block , the inner forearm outward block and the rising block all have the same basic [use] as the blocks in karate , the only difference being that they are executed with much more force .

The application of Do San 1 : a wedging block used against a double-handed grab .
the [use] of do san 1 : a wedging block used against a double-handed grab .

To play a part in the problems of geology over the next few decades geomorphologists must forget their trivial catchments and see mega forests instead of trees … Dynamic equilibrium , climatic geomorphology and process studies have all been shown to have limited application to geomorphology wherever geomorphic history is measured in hundreds of millions of years .
to play a part in the problems of geology over the next few decades geomorphologists must forget their trivial catchments and see mega forests instead of trees … dynamic equilibrium , climatic geomorphology and process studies have all been shown to have limited [use] to geomorphology wherever geomorphic history is measured in hundreds of millions of years .

Butzer outlines a revolution in historical geomorphology that was made possible by the successful application of sedimentological techniques , by advances in isotopic dating , and by collaborative geo-archaeological efforts .
butzer outlines a revolution in historical geomorphology that was made possible by the successful [use] of sedimentological techniques , by advances in isotopic dating , and by collaborative geo-archaeological efforts .

Process implies mechanics , that is , the explanation of the inner workings of a process through the application of physical and chemical principles ;
process implies mechanics , that is , the explanation of the inner workings of a process through the [use] of physical and chemical principles ;

Initial progress was made in tracing water discharged at resurgences but this was succeeded by deductions of limestone erosion rates , by determination of drainage areas , by distinction of the significance of percolation water and of conduit flow and thence of application of the results of process investigations to the derivation of modified models of landscape development as proposed by Smith and Newson ( 1974 ) for the Mendips .
initial progress was made in tracing water discharged at resurgences but this was succeeded by deductions of limestone erosion rates , by determination of drainage areas , by distinction of the significance of percolation water and of conduit flow and thence of [use] of the results of process investigations to the derivation of modified models of landscape development as proposed by smith and newson ( 1974 ) for the mendips .

This has continued to be the fault of the superficial application of the effects of human activity and of the systems approach ( see p. 116 , and 140 ) .
this has continued to be the fault of the superficial [use] of the effects of human activity and of the systems approach ( see p. 116 , and 140 ) .

This application ( Chorley , 1962 ) emphasized the contrast between the open-system view which was commended and the closed system view which was at least partially embodied in Davis 's view of landscape development .
this [use] ( chorley , 1962 ) emphasized the contrast between the open-system view which was commended and the closed system view which was at least partially embodied in davis 's view of landscape development .

In his application of systems analysis in geography as a whole Huggett ( 1980 ) has distinguished a strategy of systems analysis that is applicable to both theoretical , at either a micro- or macro-scale level , or an experimental mode of analysis which observes the nature of relationships between system parts .
in his [use] of systems analysis in geography as a whole huggett ( 1980 ) has distinguished a strategy of systems analysis that is applicable to both theoretical , at either a micro- or macro-scale level , or an experimental mode of analysis which observes the nature of relationships between system parts .

In climatology the system has been adopted as providing a suitable framework and appears as the introductory foundation for Causes of Climate ( Lockwood , 1979a ) , where it is argued that the application of systems theory and mathematics has completely changed the subject of climatology .
in climatology the system has been adopted as providing a suitable framework and appears as the introductory foundation for causes of climate ( lockwood , 1979a ) , where it is argued that the [use] of systems theory and mathematics has completely changed the subject of climatology .

To progress beyond such a static application of systems it is necessary to focus upon the dynamics of the system and in the preceding few pages a number of instances have been cited where physical geographers have already advocated placing emphasis upon the function of the system .
to progress beyond such a static [use] of systems it is necessary to focus upon the dynamics of the system and in the preceding few pages a number of instances have been cited where physical geographers have already advocated placing emphasis upon the function of the system .

Although no doubt justifiable to the specialist the strict application of the law of priority in botanical and zoological nomenclature seems a sterile and often confusing exercise to those who merely wish to recognise a potato when they see one ) .
although no doubt justifiable to the specialist the strict [use] of the law of priority in botanical and zoological nomenclature seems a sterile and often confusing exercise to those who merely wish to recognise a potato when they see one ) .

As the heading suggests , this approach is concerned with the application of the methods and techniques of science to organisations .
as the heading suggests , this approach is concerned with the [use] of the methods and techniques of science to organisations .

The approach suggests that organisations can be viewed as essentially the same and that there are few differences between organisations that can not be overcome by the application of general principles .
the approach suggests that organisations can be viewed as essentially the same and that there are few differences between organisations that can not be overcome by the [use] of general principles .

the application of universal scientific principles ;
the [use] of universal scientific principles ;

Application is made direct to the Polytechnic and decisions on whether to offer a place and what exemptions are to be given are made by the relevant Field Chairs , using an interview if necessary .
[use] is made direct to the polytechnic and decisions on whether to offer a place and what exemptions are to be given are made by the relevant field chairs , using an interview if necessary .

One of Watson 's main contributions to the development of the Modular Course has been to build in evaluation mechanisms at many levels , to foster positive attitudes to evaluation by using evaluation data in course development and not to shrink from its application to his own roles and activities .
one of watson 's main contributions to the development of the modular course has been to build in evaluation mechanisms at many levels , to foster positive attitudes to evaluation by using evaluation data in course development and not to shrink from its [use] to his own roles and activities .

In fact the relationship between gender , application rate and admission probability has itself been the subject of an evaluation study ( 1985 ; see Table 6.2 ) .
in fact the relationship between gender , [use] rate and admission probability has itself been the subject of an evaluation study ( 1985 ; see table 6.2 ) .

Finally , the acceptance of a problem and consequent search for any law which might be relevant may disclose a novel application of the law or a new remedy .
finally , the acceptance of a problem and consequent search for any law which might be relevant may disclose a novel [use] of the law or a new remedy .

He or she also has power to refuse for good cause to accept an application or to decline to give advice .
he or she also has power to refuse for good cause to accept an [use] or to decline to give advice .

To that end , a solicitor may give oral or written advice on the application of English law to any particular circumstances in relation to the person seeking the advice , and on any steps which he or she might appropriately take .
to that end , a solicitor may give oral or written advice on the [use] of english law to any particular circumstances in relation to the person seeking the advice , and on any steps which he or she might appropriately take .

provided that the tribunal does not object to the ‘ representation ’ of the client , and the Area Director has approved an application for any extension , the solicitor can in practice act as advocate for the client and get paid .
provided that the tribunal does not object to the ‘ representation ’ of the client , and the area director has approved an [use] for any extension , the solicitor can in practice act as advocate for the client and get paid .

The result of the application of the test will establish entitlement to advice free of charge ; or entitlement subject to a contribution ; or disentitlement .
the result of the [use] of the test will establish entitlement to advice free of charge ; or entitlement subject to a contribution ; or disentitlement .

This could involve an adjournment for legal aid application , social welfare report , referral to another solicitor , bail application or simply suggestions for a plea in mitigation .
this could involve an adjournment for legal aid [use] , social welfare report , referral to another solicitor , bail [use] or simply suggestions for a plea in mitigation .

In civil cases , the court has had no role in directing the course of the proceedings except on the application of one or other party .
in civil cases , the court has had no role in directing the course of the proceedings except on the [use] of one or other party .

In a county court action , on the other hand , the amount of costs awarded , in general , is determined by the application of one of four scales with fixed costs .
in a county court action , on the other hand , the amount of costs awarded , in general , is determined by the [use] of one of four scales with fixed costs .

If a client objects to the bill submitted by the solicitor in a contentious matter an application may be made to the High Court for an order for taxation of the bill .
if a client objects to the bill submitted by the solicitor in a contentious matter an [use] may be made to the high court for an order for taxation of the bill .

An interim payment may be ordered by the court on application , but an order will only be made when it is clear that the defendant will be held liable at trial .
an interim payment may be ordered by the court on [use] , but an order will only be made when it is clear that the defendant will be held liable at trial .

An application for a representation certificate is made to an Area Director .
an [use] for a representation certificate is made to an area director .

It is recommended that a solicitor should assist in the completion of the appropriate application form , for which green form assistance is available .
it is recommended that a solicitor should assist in the completion of the appropriate [use] form , for which green form assistance is available .

On receipt of such an application , the Area Director will consider the financial conditions of the applicant and the merits of the applicant 's case .
on receipt of such an [use] , the area director will consider the financial conditions of the applicant and the merits of the applicant 's case .

’ The regulations give some guidance by directing that an application may be refused where it appears that any advantage accruing would only be trivial , where the simple nature of the proceedings would not normally require the assistance of a solicitor , or where funds from another source were available but not pursued .
’ the regulations give some guidance by directing that an [use] may be refused where it appears that any advantage accruing would only be trivial , where the simple nature of the proceedings would not normally require the assistance of a solicitor , or where funds from another source were available but not pursued .

However , a good deal of discretion is left in the hands of the Area Director to determine the merits of the application , having considered ‘ … all questions of fact or law arising out of the action , cause or matter to which the application relates and the circumstances in which it was made .
however , a good deal of discretion is left in the hands of the area director to determine the merits of the [use] , having considered ‘ … all questions of fact or law arising out of the action , cause or matter to which the [use] relates and the circumstances in which it was made .

If the application is approved by the Area Director , a representation certificate is issued , subject to the acceptance by the applicant of any conditions attached to it .
if the [use] is approved by the area director , a representation certificate is issued , subject to the acceptance by the applicant of any conditions attached to it .

In the first instance , the certificate may be limited to the taking of counsel 's opinion and another application may have to be made to the Area Director to amend the certificate for further action if counsel 's opinion appears to warrant it .
in the first instance , the certificate may be limited to the taking of counsel 's opinion and another [use] may have to be made to the area director to amend the certificate for further action if counsel 's opinion appears to warrant it .

If the application is successful and no contribution is payable , the Area Director issues a representation certificate to the applicant 's solicitor , and a copy is sent to the applicant , now known as the ‘ assisted person .
if the [use] is successful and no contribution is payable , the area director issues a representation certificate to the applicant 's solicitor , and a copy is sent to the applicant , now known as the ‘ assisted person .

Obviously there may be circumstances in which the normal procedure of application and issue can not be followed because of the urgency of the matter and a procedure exists for obtaining an emergency representation certificate in such cases .
obviously there may be circumstances in which the normal procedure of [use] and issue can not be followed because of the urgency of the matter and a procedure exists for obtaining an emergency representation certificate in such cases .

Section 18 of the Legal Aid Act 1988 permits a court , on the application of a successful unassisted party , to award costs to be paid by the Legal Aid Board if :
section 18 of the legal aid act 1988 permits a court , on the [use] of a successful unassisted party , to award costs to be paid by the legal aid board if :

2 ) to admit the error of the earlier interpretation and relax the application of the conditions .
2 ) to admit the error of the earlier interpretation and relax the [use] of the conditions .

The automatic reference to arbitration of a dispute involving a sum of less than £500 can be rescinded on the application of either party or on the motion of the district judge , but only on one ( or more ) specified grounds .
the automatic reference to arbitration of a dispute involving a sum of less than £500 can be rescinded on the [use] of either party or on the motion of the district judge , but only on one ( or more ) specified grounds .

This interpretation was based on an abbreviated version provided by Bloomsbury of the profit and loss account , with no reference to the balance sheet or the statement of source and application of funds .
this interpretation was based on an abbreviated version provided by bloomsbury of the profit and loss account , with no reference to the balance sheet or the statement of source and [use] of funds .

Instead , as the statement of source and application of funds reveals , it was still a net customer rather than generator of cash , since an apparent increase of £162,000 in the company 's cash balances was only made possible by a loan of £350,000 .
instead , as the statement of source and [use] of funds reveals , it was still a net customer rather than generator of cash , since an apparent increase of £162,000 in the company 's cash balances was only made possible by a loan of £350,000 .

relatively under-developed application of the concept of risk in relation to older people and consequent low levels of ability to identify and assess risk in general , and abuse in particular .
relatively under-developed [use] of the concept of risk in relation to older people and consequent low levels of ability to identify and assess risk in general , and abuse in particular .

Hughes , 1990 ) and has also been developed considerably for application in inspection and quality assurance procedures ( e.g .
hughes , 1990 ) and has also been developed considerably for [use] in inspection and quality assurance procedures ( e.g .

The application of the assessment process to the process of intervention and , if necessary , the development of a support network will then build upon the strength and resources identified and be designed to provide additional resources and services to minimize risk and improve the quality of life .
the [use] of the assessment process to the process of intervention and , if necessary , the development of a support network will then build upon the strength and resources identified and be designed to provide additional resources and services to minimize risk and improve the quality of life .

The application of this knowledge involves sensitive judgement and skill .
the [use] of this knowledge involves sensitive judgement and skill .

Further details of the practical application of the care programme approach are given in the Health of the Nation Handbook ( DoH , 1993 , pp .
further details of the practical [use] of the care programme approach are given in the health of the nation handbook ( doh , 1993 , pp .

What he prefers of course is a figural economy of desire ; he wants a sensibility , a culture and a politics in which the primary process ‘ erupts ’ into the secondary process like ‘ the application of a force to text ’ ( Dews 1984 , p. 47 ) .
what he prefers of course is a figural economy of desire ; he wants a sensibility , a culture and a politics in which the primary process ‘ erupts ’ into the secondary process like ‘ the [use] of a force to text ’ ( dews 1984 , p. 47 ) .

On the other hand , measures of more general application may often have shorter , more succinct statements of reasons .
on the other hand , measures of more general [use] may often have shorter , more succinct statements of reasons .

‘ Whereas the taxable base must be harmonized so that the application of the Community rate to taxable transactions leads to comparable results in all the Member States . ’
‘ whereas the taxable base must be harmonized so that the [use] of the community rate to taxable transactions leads to comparable results in all the member states . ’

On the other hand , despite the tone of much of the political debate in the United Kingdom , it should be said at the outset that questions such as the transfer of powers ( or sovereignty ) to the Community , the direct application and direct effect of Community law , and the correlative theory of the primacy of such provisions of Community law when they conflict with provisions of national law , were all established aspects of Community law when we joined in 1973 , and are not new problems relating to Maastricht .
on the other hand , despite the tone of much of the political debate in the united kingdom , it should be said at the outset that questions such as the transfer of powers ( or sovereignty ) to the community , the direct [use] and direct effect of community law , and the correlative theory of the primacy of such provisions of community law when they conflict with provisions of national law , were all established aspects of community law when we joined in 1973 , and are not new problems relating to maastricht .

Parliamentary Material and Statutory Construction : Aspects of the Practical Application of Pepper v. Hart
parliamentary material and statutory construction : aspects of the practical [use] of pepper v. hart

Assuming admissible statements to establish parliamentary intention are limited , as would appear presently to be the case , to parliamentary statements , there remain grey areas in the application of the rule . for instance , are the parliamentary statements limited to those made during consideration of the Bill ? Could a relevant statement by the Chancellor of the Exchequer in the Budget Speech be admissible for establishing parliamentary intention in the construction of a provision of a finance Act in the absence of a clear ministerial statement during the passage of the Bill ?
assuming admissible statements to establish parliamentary intention are limited , as would appear presently to be the case , to parliamentary statements , there remain grey areas in the [use] of the rule . for instance , are the parliamentary statements limited to those made during consideration of the bill ? could a relevant statement by the chancellor of the exchequer in the budget speech be admissible for establishing parliamentary intention in the construction of a provision of a finance act in the absence of a clear ministerial statement during the passage of the bill ?

Completed application forms must be received by 1st June .
completed [use] forms must be received by 1st june .

Information and application forms are available from Ms Bärbel Becker , AuM-GmbH , .
information and [use] forms are available from ms bärbel becker , aum-gmbh , .

There are unlikely to be many more than four situations in which the defendant 's case will rest on an application of the decision in Morgan , because his belief in consent was honest , though unreasonable .
there are unlikely to be many more than four situations in which the defendant 's case will rest on an [use] of the decision in morgan , because his belief in consent was honest , though unreasonable .

‘ For the purposes of this section , no consent is obtained where the complainant submits or does not resist by reason of ( a ) the application of force to the complainant or to a person other than the complainant ; ( b ) threats or fear of the application of force to the complainant or to a person other than the complainant ; ( c ) fraud ; ( d ) the exercise of authority .
‘ for the purposes of this section , no consent is obtained where the complainant submits or does not resist by reason of ( a ) the [use] of force to the complainant or to a person other than the complainant ; ( b ) threats or fear of the [use] of force to the complainant or to a person other than the complainant ; ( c ) fraud ; ( d ) the exercise of authority .

Complimentary tickets available on application .
complimentary tickets available on [use] .

The aim behind the range is to incorporate well-proven , state-of — of-the-art circuitry into a simple , straightforward and universal dimming system which will allow increased design and application scope at a very attractive price .
the aim behind the range is to incorporate well-proven , state-of — of-the-art circuitry into a simple , straightforward and universal dimming system which will allow increased design and [use] scope at a very attractive price .

be at least 35 years of age on the date of making application
be at least 35 years of age on the date of making [use]

There must be adequate provision for complete system and application testing
there must be adequate provision for complete system and [use] testing

Hazel heard she ‘ d been chosen for the Scheme in early March — several months after she had submitted her application .
hazel heard she ‘ d been chosen for the scheme in early march — several months after she had submitted her [use] .

You will receive a visit from a member of staff from the Department of Social Work or Health Board who will , if the service seems appropriate and helpful to you , make an application to the Panel who organises the Scheme .
you will receive a visit from a member of staff from the department of social work or health board who will , if the service seems appropriate and helpful to you , make an [use] to the panel who organises the scheme .

Each application is looked at carefully to make sure that those in most need will receive the service .
each [use] is looked at carefully to make sure that those in most need will receive the service .

The current cost of the meal will be given on application , and any change in that cost will be given in advance , usually in writing .
the current cost of the meal will be given on [use] , and any change in that cost will be given in advance , usually in writing .

It is hoped to submit a formal planning application in due course when a further public exhibition will be held showing the final layout of the road and the public will again have an opportunity to comment on the scheme at this time .
it is hoped to submit a formal planning [use] in due course when a further public exhibition will be held showing the final layout of the road and the public will again have an opportunity to comment on the scheme at this time .

Carol said : ‘ As it is being funded by European money , projects have to be developed in a suitable way for a transnational application .
carol said : ‘ as it is being funded by european money , projects have to be developed in a suitable way for a transnational [use] .

If you are not able to start caring for your child again and it is unlikely you will ever be able to meet your child 's needs for care , then the Department of Social Work may make an application to court to have your child freed for adoption .
if you are not able to start caring for your child again and it is unlikely you will ever be able to meet your child 's needs for care , then the department of social work may make an [use] to court to have your child freed for adoption .

3.1 For the purposes of the Regional Council 's policy and these Guidelines , violence at work is defined as the application of force , severe threat or serious abuse by members of the public , clients or any other persons towards employees of the Regional Council arising out of the course of their employment whether or not they are or duty . Such violence will include :
3.1 for the purposes of the regional council 's policy and these guidelines , violence at work is defined as the [use] of force , severe threat or serious abuse by members of the public , clients or any other persons towards employees of the regional council arising out of the course of their employment whether or not they are or duty . such violence will include :

the application of minimum force to contain the situation .
the [use] of minimum force to contain the situation .

It was disappointing that the Scottish Office refused an application for an Urban Aid grant to support a package of initiatives for Greater Pilton .
it was disappointing that the scottish office refused an [use] for an urban aid grant to support a package of initiatives for greater pilton .

For others , however , circumstances have unfortunately prevented more progress and this particularly so with the Children 's Traffic Club and the application for Urban Aid .
for others , however , circumstances have unfortunately prevented more progress and this particularly so with the children 's traffic club and the [use] for urban aid .

In November 1991 the Regional Council submitted the Urban Aid application in respect of an Urban Safety Road Project to be based in the Greater Pilton Area .
in november 1991 the regional council submitted the urban aid [use] in respect of an urban safety road project to be based in the greater pilton area .

The objective stated in the application was to reduce the accident rate per head of population for Pilton half way towards the average rate for Edinburgh .
the objective stated in the [use] was to reduce the accident rate per head of population for pilton half way towards the average rate for edinburgh .

The Scottish Office refused the application ‘ as low priority in the national competition for grant funds ’ .
the scottish office refused the [use] ‘ as low priority in the national competition for grant funds ’ .

Submit a further application for grant .
submit a further [use] for grant .

Vehicle Licence Application Form
vehicle licence [use] form

Application forms are available from Pauline Scott .
[use] forms are available from pauline scott .

Following an inspection of facilities for visitors , the Association of Scottish Visitor Attractions has ratified the Library 's application for membership .
following an inspection of facilities for visitors , the association of scottish visitor attractions has ratified the library 's [use] for membership .

An application for a Makro card has been turned down and recommendation received that the one belonging to the Village Association should be used .
an [use] for a makro card has been turned down and recommendation received that the one belonging to the village association should be used .

Planning An application has again been made by London and Clydesdale Estates for a housing development at Woodhall Mains Farm .
planning an [use] has again been made by london and clydesdale estates for a housing development at woodhall mains farm .

Since formal application for the erection of suitable fencing would only result in further delay it was decided to proceed on our own .
since formal [use] for the erection of suitable fencing would only result in further delay it was decided to proceed on our own .

Woodhall Farm This major application has again been submitted but the Village Association has lodged an objection .
woodhall farm this major [use] has again been submitted but the village association has lodged an objection .

Planning application for Football Stadiums at Millerhill , Hermiston , Straiton and Ingliston .
planning [use] for football stadiums at millerhill , hermiston , straiton and ingliston .

Planning An application has been submitted for the erection of 27 houses for the site formerly used by Fraser 's Caravans .
planning an [use] has been submitted for the erection of 27 houses for the site formerly used by fraser 's caravans .

An application form for renewal of the subscription to the Water of Leith conservation Trust .
an [use] form for renewal of the subscription to the water of leith conservation trust .

but an application has been submitted to withdraw £1,800 for the tennis courts .
but an [use] has been submitted to withdraw £1,800 for the tennis courts .

to the allotment of equity securities in connection with a rights issue in favour of shareholders where the equity securities respectively attributable to the interests of all shareholders are proportionate [ as nearly as may be ] to their holdings of such shares subject to such exclusions or other arrangements as the directors may consider necessary or expedient to deal with fractional entitlements , statutory restrictions or legal or practical problems under or resulting from the application of the laws of any territory or the requirements of any recognised regulatory body or stock exchange in any territory ; and
to the allotment of equity securities in connection with a rights issue in favour of shareholders where the equity securities respectively attributable to the interests of all shareholders are proportionate [ as nearly as may be ] to their holdings of such shares subject to such exclusions or other arrangements as the directors may consider necessary or expedient to deal with fractional entitlements , statutory restrictions or legal or practical problems under or resulting from the [use] of the laws of any territory or the requirements of any recognised regulatory body or stock exchange in any territory ; and

It is particularly timely that the publication of the government 's White Paper on Science and Technology should have coincided with the launching of our new magazine , Competitive Edge , since both are concerned with a commitment to the profitable application of technology by industry .
it is particularly timely that the publication of the government 's white paper on science and technology should have coincided with the launching of our new magazine , competitive edge , since both are concerned with a commitment to the profitable [use] of technology by industry .

Also , if the market is not defined early the wrong ‘ working application ’ may be used or indeed it may be found , too late , that there is no commercial application at all .
also , if the market is not defined early the wrong ‘ working [use] ’ may be used or indeed it may be found , too late , that there is no commercial [use] at all .

In some industries the process of technology transfer is so poorly established , or the application of a particular technology potentially so widespread , that the use of conventional mass marketing techniques can be effective .
in some industries the process of technology transfer is so poorly established , or the [use] of a particular technology potentially so widespread , that the use of conventional mass marketing techniques can be effective .

We have taken a careful look at this application and feel that we must now draw it to your attention .
we have taken a careful look at this [use] and feel that we must now draw it to your attention .

We understand that the borough council 's Director of Planning has concluded from this guidance that the application can not be justified and should therefore be refused .
we understand that the borough council 's director of planning has concluded from this guidance that the [use] can not be justified and should therefore be refused .

You mentioned that an application in Montgomeryshire had been called in .
you mentioned that an [use] in montgomeryshire had been called in .

Could you let us know the application number so we can take a look at the file ?
could you let us know the [use] number so we can take a look at the file ?

It is for this reason , more than any other , that the application has caused so much public concern , since what is proposed raises quite fundamental questions about the way in which this special coastal landscape could be protected or despoiled in the longer term .
it is for this reason , more than any other , that the [use] has caused so much public concern , since what is proposed raises quite fundamental questions about the way in which this special coastal landscape could be protected or despoiled in the longer term .

Detailed Objections To The Application
detailed objections to the [use]

Increasing concern over the effects of dredging sand and gravel from submerged offshore banks was reflected in our call for a full Environmental Assessment of an application for a licence to dredge part of the Helwick Bank off Gower .
increasing concern over the effects of dredging sand and gravel from submerged offshore banks was reflected in our call for a full environmental assessment of an [use] for a licence to dredge part of the helwick bank off gower .

We welcome the enhanced environmental considerations in the guidance , particularly that on the relationship between transport , pollution and energy use ; the importance of taking care when converting buildings of special architectural or historic interest ; and on the application of Environmental Assessment to industrial and commercial development .
we welcome the enhanced environmental considerations in the guidance , particularly that on the relationship between transport , pollution and energy use ; the importance of taking care when converting buildings of special architectural or historic interest ; and on the [use] of environmental assessment to industrial and commercial development .

Radnorshire District Council 's planning committee , who meet today to decide whether to permit a windfarm on Bryn Titli in the unspoilt upper Wye valley , have been urged to reject both the application and the £100,000 cheque offered by National Wind Power Ltd to the council in exchange for planning permission .
radnorshire district council 's planning committee , who meet today to decide whether to permit a windfarm on bryn titli in the unspoilt upper wye valley , have been urged to reject both the [use] and the £100,000 cheque offered by national wind power ltd to the council in exchange for planning permission .

If you wish to take advantage of this option , simply tick the appropriate box on the application form .
if you wish to take advantage of this option , simply tick the appropriate box on the [use] form .

On receipt of your application you will be sent an acknowledgement and full details of the Plan .
on receipt of your [use] you will be sent an acknowledgement and full details of the plan .

Simply complete the application form and return it — with your cheque — in an envelope to :
simply complete the [use] form and return it — with your cheque — in an envelope to :

These circumstances are set out at the top of the Application Form .
these circumstances are set out at the top of the [use] form .

These judgements will be based on a knowledge of the underlying principles of Christian morality , and on consideration of the reasons and motives behind particular actions and attitudes , rather than merely ‘ on the rigid application of a set of rules ’ ( Arrangements document 1.1 ) .
these judgements will be based on a knowledge of the underlying principles of christian morality , and on consideration of the reasons and motives behind particular actions and attitudes , rather than merely ‘ on the rigid [use] of a set of rules ’ ( arrangements document 1.1 ) .

When speaking of laying tesserae , the main distinction to be made is between direct and indirect methods of application : the choice depends on the abilities and preferences of the mosaicist .
when speaking of laying tesserae , the main distinction to be made is between direct and indirect methods of [use] : the choice depends on the abilities and preferences of the mosaicist .

Applicants can only be given credits if they already fulfil the entry requirements for the programme of study and must be able to supply proof of qualifications or prior learning attainment which they are submitting in support of credit application claims .
applicants can only be given credits if they already fulfil the entry requirements for the programme of study and must be able to supply proof of qualifications or prior learning attainment which they are submitting in support of credit [use] claims .

has his/her application for student membership countersigned by an officer of his centre ; and
has his/her [use] for student membership countersigned by an officer of his centre ; and

has his/her application for student membership countersigned his employer ( as appropriate ) ; and
has his/her [use] for student membership countersigned his employer ( as appropriate ) ; and

Any such scheme , though , is of dubious utility to the pragmaticist in search of functional principles the categories are of vague application , they do not have direct empirical motivation , and there are many other rival schemes built upon slightly different lines .
any such scheme , though , is of dubious utility to the pragmaticist in search of functional principles the categories are of vague [use] , they do not have direct empirical motivation , and there are many other rival schemes built upon slightly different lines .

In the absence of significant theories , in this section a series of tentative categories are advanced , together with some illustrations of their application .
in the absence of significant theories , in this section a series of tentative categories are advanced , together with some illustrations of their [use] .

Nirex anticipates completing plans for the site sometime early next year , when a planning application will be lodged .
nirex anticipates completing plans for the site sometime early next year , when a planning [use] will be lodged .

In a new report , the Society suggests the application of the Environmentally Sensitive Areas ( ESAs ) scheme , which already subsidises the use of traditional farming methods , and has costed the project at £10 million .
in a new report , the society suggests the [use] of the environmentally sensitive areas ( esas ) scheme , which already subsidises the use of traditional farming methods , and has costed the project at £10 million .

Candidates for either the Woolley or the Horsman Fellowship should write to the Principal enclosing a s.a.e.for an application form .
candidates for either the woolley or the horsman fellowship should write to the principal enclosing a s.a.e.for an [use] form .

Completed application forms and both recommendations should reach the Principal by 9 May 1991 .
completed [use] forms and both recommendations should reach the principal by 9 may 1991 .

Jane Hands , the College Treasurer , is always delighted to discuss a particular application of a legacy — to provide support for undergraduates , or equipment , or support for teaching .
jane hands , the college treasurer , is always delighted to discuss a particular [use] of a legacy — to provide support for undergraduates , or equipment , or support for teaching .

The University will assume that it is free to approach referees at any stage unless the candidate 's application stipulates otherwise ( i.e. candidates who wish a referee or referees to be approached only with their specific permission and/or if they are being called for interview on the final short list or are in receipt of a conditional offer , are asked to state such requirements explicitly alongside the details of the relevant referee(s) ) .
the university will assume that it is free to approach referees at any stage unless the candidate 's [use] stipulates otherwise ( i.e. candidates who wish a referee or referees to be approached only with their specific permission and/or if they are being called for interview on the final short list or are in receipt of a conditional offer , are asked to state such requirements explicitly alongside the details of the relevant referee(s) ) .

Three of these subjects are compulsory , two are chosen from a long list ( see below ) , while the dissertation is a free choice restricted only by practicality , ingenuity and application .
three of these subjects are compulsory , two are chosen from a long list ( see below ) , while the dissertation is a free choice restricted only by practicality , ingenuity and [use] .

The University of Oxford 's policy and practice require that entry into employment with the University and progression within employment will be determined only by personal merit and the application of criteria which are related to the duties of each particular post and the relevant salary structure .
the university of oxford 's policy and practice require that entry into employment with the university and progression within employment will be determined only by personal merit and the [use] of criteria which are related to the duties of each particular post and the relevant salary structure .

The General Board shall have power to accept or refuse the application and , if it accepts it , to determine , in consultation with the professor concerned , the number of students whose names may be on the register at any one time and the method of their selection .
the general board shall have power to accept or refuse the [use] and , if it accepts it , to determine , in consultation with the professor concerned , the number of students whose names may be on the register at any one time and the method of their selection .

The World Conservation Union conference in Perth , Australia is considering an application to confer world heritage status on the Cairngorm mountain range in Scotland .
the world conservation union conference in perth , australia is considering an [use] to confer world heritage status on the cairngorm mountain range in scotland .

An application for the judicial review of Poole Borough Council 's decision to grant planning permission for the building of 200 houses on ecologically-fragile Dorset heathland has been overturned .
an [use] for the judicial review of poole borough council 's decision to grant planning permission for the building of 200 houses on ecologically-fragile dorset heathland has been overturned .

The purpose of the Henley Work Forum is to promote a better understanding of the opportunities for restructuring organisations offered by effective application of Information and communications technology and to promote good practice .
the purpose of the henley work forum is to promote a better understanding of the opportunities for restructuring organisations offered by effective [use] of information and communications technology and to promote good practice .

As part of the application process candidates are required to develop an outline research proposal .
as part of the [use] process candidates are required to develop an outline research proposal .

If the proposal is acceptable supervisory arrangements are made before the candidate 's application is formally approved .
if the proposal is acceptable supervisory arrangements are made before the candidate 's [use] is formally approved .

The garlic , wooden stake and silver bullet ( to continue this fantastic metaphor ) are provided by the application of a more modern approach to science than that offered by eighteenth- and nineteenth-century paradigms .
the garlic , wooden stake and silver bullet ( to continue this fantastic metaphor ) are provided by the [use] of a more modern approach to science than that offered by eighteenth- and nineteenth-century paradigms .

The dynamic nature of the schema application is evident in the falling level of reportage of occurrences of `` Mars ' as the text progresses .
the dynamic nature of the schema [use] is evident in the falling level of reportage of occurrences of `` mars ' as the text progresses .

The SARs do not apply to other companies and are therefore less wide in their application than the Code .
the sars do not apply to other companies and are therefore less wide in their [use] than the code .

Because a Court Scheme involves an application to the court for approval it makes it a more time-consuming , expensive and cumbersome procedure than a takeover offer .
because a court scheme involves an [use] to the court for approval it makes it a more time-consuming , expensive and cumbersome procedure than a takeover offer .

Thus , while a ruling of the executive is helpful in determining a particular course of action , it is nevertheless possible that the ruling could be reversed subsequently by the application of the other party to the takeover or , possibly , an aggrieved shareholder .
thus , while a ruling of the executive is helpful in determining a particular course of action , it is nevertheless possible that the ruling could be reversed subsequently by the [use] of the other party to the takeover or , possibly , an aggrieved shareholder .

The Panel acknowledges that the application of the Code will not always be relevant and it will therefore be applied flexibly wherever necessary .
the panel acknowledges that the [use] of the code will not always be relevant and it will therefore be applied flexibly wherever necessary .

It is important for anyone trying to interpret the rules to read the notes as in many cases these extend the apparent application of particular rules .
it is important for anyone trying to interpret the rules to read the notes as in many cases these extend the apparent [use] of particular rules .

The Panel is not sympathetic to delay in making an announcement occasioned by an unsuccessful application for suspension .
the panel is not sympathetic to delay in making an announcement occasioned by an unsuccessful [use] for suspension .

Only the company whose shares are to be suspended can make the application .
only the company whose shares are to be suspended can make the [use] .

2.2.3 ( subject as provided in clauses 2.3 and 2.4 ) in accordance with the building documents There must be an obligation on the landlord to make application for the approvals as soon as possible after the agreement has been entered into .
2.2.3 ( subject as provided in clauses 2.3 and 2.4 ) in accordance with the building documents there must be an obligation on the landlord to make [use] for the approvals as soon as possible after the agreement has been entered into .

[ 4.2 If by the Certificate Date the parties have been unable to agree whether any requirement of the Landlord made pursuant to clause 4.1 is reasonable the matter or matters in dispute shall be referred to a counsel to be agreed upon between the parties or failing agreement within [ 5 ] working days after the Certificate Date to one of the conveyancing counsel for the time being of the Chancery Division of the High Court of Justice [ `` Counsel `` ] to be nominated on the application of either party by the President for the time being of the Law Society ( or his duly appointed deputy or any other person authorised by him to make appointments on his behalf ) and Counsel shall :
[ 4.2 if by the certificate date the parties have been unable to agree whether any requirement of the landlord made pursuant to clause 4.1 is reasonable the matter or matters in dispute shall be referred to a counsel to be agreed upon between the parties or failing agreement within [ 5 ] working days after the certificate date to one of the conveyancing counsel for the time being of the chancery division of the high court of justice [ `` counsel `` ] to be nominated on the [use] of either party by the president for the time being of the law society ( or his duly appointed deputy or any other person authorised by him to make appointments on his behalf ) and counsel shall :

In the event of substantial damage to or destruction of the Site or the Premises or any part of the Site or the Premises however occasioned either party hereto may determine this agreement forthwith by serving notice to that effect on the other party and in such case this agreement shall ( without prejudice to any pre-existing right of action of either party in respect of any breach by the other of its obligations under this agreement ) immediately determine and cease to have effect and neither party shall be under any further liability to the other under this agreement and any dispute or difference between the parties as to what constitutes substantial damage or destruction for the purpose of this clause shall be decided by an independent Surveyor who shall act as an expert and who shall be appointed by the President for the time being of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors upon the application of either party
in the event of substantial damage to or destruction of the site or the premises or any part of the site or the premises however occasioned either party hereto may determine this agreement forthwith by serving notice to that effect on the other party and in such case this agreement shall ( without prejudice to any pre-existing right of action of either party in respect of any breach by the other of its obligations under this agreement ) immediately determine and cease to have effect and neither party shall be under any further liability to the other under this agreement and any dispute or difference between the parties as to what constitutes substantial damage or destruction for the purpose of this clause shall be decided by an independent surveyor who shall act as an expert and who shall be appointed by the president for the time being of the royal institution of chartered surveyors upon the [use] of either party

In the event of any dispute or difference between the parties hereto concerning any matter of thing arising under this agreement such dispute or difference shall be referred to an independent surveyor agreed between the parties hereto or in default of agreement to a surveyor appointed for the purpose on the application of either party by the President for the time being of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors who shall act as an arbitrator pursuant to the Arbitration Acts 1950 to 1979 or any statutory re-enactment thereof for the time being in force
in the event of any dispute or difference between the parties hereto concerning any matter of thing arising under this agreement such dispute or difference shall be referred to an independent surveyor agreed between the parties hereto or in default of agreement to a surveyor appointed for the purpose on the [use] of either party by the president for the time being of the royal institution of chartered surveyors who shall act as an arbitrator pursuant to the arbitration acts 1950 to 1979 or any statutory re-enactment thereof for the time being in force

In an upwards market this would benefit the landlord , who could never hope to achieve a full market rent pursuant to an interim rent application , but would disadvantage the tenant , who would presumably prefer the old rent to continue during negotiations , thereby acting as a negotiating factor .
in an upwards market this would benefit the landlord , who could never hope to achieve a full market rent pursuant to an interim rent [use] , but would disadvantage the tenant , who would presumably prefer the old rent to continue during negotiations , thereby acting as a negotiating factor .

5.11.1 every application made by the Tenant for a consent or licence required by the provisions of this Lease whether such consent or licence is granted or refused or proffered subject to any [ lawful ] qualification or condition or whether the application is withdrawn [ unless such refusal qualification or condition is unlawful whether because it is unreasonable or otherwise ]
5.11.1 every [use] made by the tenant for a consent or licence required by the provisions of this lease whether such consent or licence is granted or refused or proffered subject to any [ lawful ] qualification or condition or whether the [use] is withdrawn [ unless such refusal qualification or condition is unlawful whether because it is unreasonable or otherwise ]

5.11.1 every application made by the Tenant for consent or licence required by the provisions of this Lease whether such consent or licence is granted or refused or proffered subject to any lawful qualification or condition or whether the application is withdrawn unless such refusal qualification or condition is unlawful whether because it is unreasonable or otherwise and unless such consent or licence is unreasonably refused
5.11.1 every [use] made by the tenant for consent or licence required by the provisions of this lease whether such consent or licence is granted or refused or proffered subject to any lawful qualification or condition or whether the [use] is withdrawn unless such refusal qualification or condition is unlawful whether because it is unreasonable or otherwise and unless such consent or licence is unreasonably refused

5.12.2 Not without the consent in writing of the Landlord to apply for planning permission to carry out any development in or upon the Premises and at the expense of the Tenant to supply the Landlord with a copy of any application for planning permission together with such plans and other documents as the Landlord may [ reasonably ] require and to supply prior to the commencement of any development a copy of any planning permission granted to the Tenant
5.12.2 not without the consent in writing of the landlord to apply for planning permission to carry out any development in or upon the premises and at the expense of the tenant to supply the landlord with a copy of any [use] for planning permission together with such plans and other documents as the landlord may [ reasonably ] require and to supply prior to the commencement of any development a copy of any planning permission granted to the tenant

5.12.4 Unless the Landlord shall otherwise direct to carry out and complete before the expiry of the Term any works required to be carried out to or in the Premises as a condition of any planning permission which may have been granted during the Term irrespective of the date by which such works were required to be carried out It is understandable that a landlord will wish to ensure that the tenant not only complies with planning legislation but also does not make application for planning permission without the landlord 's consent .
5.12.4 unless the landlord shall otherwise direct to carry out and complete before the expiry of the term any works required to be carried out to or in the premises as a condition of any planning permission which may have been granted during the term irrespective of the date by which such works were required to be carried out it is understandable that a landlord will wish to ensure that the tenant not only complies with planning legislation but also does not make [use] for planning permission without the landlord 's consent .

An application for a change of use for instance could , if successful , saddle the landlord with a detrimental use which may only be reconverted by another planning permission .
an [use] for a change of use for instance could , if successful , saddle the landlord with a detrimental use which may only be reconverted by another planning permission .

The tenant , however , will wish to make certain that the landlord 's consent for an application for planning permission can not be unreasonably withheld at least for certain specified matters , having regard to the nature and situation of the premises .
the tenant , however , will wish to make certain that the landlord 's consent for an [use] for planning permission can not be unreasonably withheld at least for certain specified matters , having regard to the nature and situation of the premises .

The other point in this regard is that a requirement for the tenant to obtain the landlord 's consent prior to making an application for planning permission could result in a considerable delay in the application being made in circumstances where the tenant requires the planning permission rather urgently , eg in connection with its fascia or signage , hence the amendment suggested below .
the other point in this regard is that a requirement for the tenant to obtain the landlord 's consent prior to making an [use] for planning permission could result in a considerable delay in the [use] being made in circumstances where the tenant requires the planning permission rather urgently , eg in connection with its fascia or signage , hence the amendment suggested below .

5.15 Re-letting boards To permit the Landlord at any time during the last [ 6 ] months of the Contractual Term and at any time thereafter [ unless the Tenant shall have made a valid court application under Section 24 of the 1954 Act or otherwise be entitled in law to remain in occupation or to a new tenancy of the Premises ] [ ( or sooner if the rents or any part of them shall be in arrear and unpaid for longer than [ 28 ] days ) ] to enter upon the Premises and affix and retain anywhere upon the Premises a notice for re-letting the Premises and during such period to permit persons with the written authority of the Landlord or [ its ] agent at reasonable times of the day to view the Premises It is not unreasonable for the landlord to be entitled to erect a re-letting board at the premises within a reasonable period prior to the termination of the term unless the tenant proposes to apply for a new tenancy of the premises , provided that the board is in a position so as not to interfere with the tenant 's or any undertenant 's business being carried on at the premises . The clause could be amended as follows : To permit the Landlord at any time during the last [ 6 ] months of the Contractual Term and at any time thereafter unless the Tenant shall have made a valid court application under Section 24 of the 1954 Act or otherwise be entitled in law to remain in occupation or to a new tenancy of the Premises to enter upon the Premises and affix and retain upon the Premises in a position so as not to interfere with the Tenant 's or any undertenant 's business being carried on at the Premises a notice for re-letting the Premises and during such period to permit persons with the written authority of the Landlord or its agent at reasonable times of the day on reasonable notice to view the Premises
5.15 re-letting boards to permit the landlord at any time during the last [ 6 ] months of the contractual term and at any time thereafter [ unless the tenant shall have made a valid court [use] under section 24 of the 1954 act or otherwise be entitled in law to remain in occupation or to a new tenancy of the premises ] [ ( or sooner if the rents or any part of them shall be in arrear and unpaid for longer than [ 28 ] days ) ] to enter upon the premises and affix and retain anywhere upon the premises a notice for re-letting the premises and during such period to permit persons with the written authority of the landlord or [ its ] agent at reasonable times of the day to view the premises it is not unreasonable for the landlord to be entitled to erect a re-letting board at the premises within a reasonable period prior to the termination of the term unless the tenant proposes to apply for a new tenancy of the premises , provided that the board is in a position so as not to interfere with the tenant 's or any undertenant 's business being carried on at the premises . the clause could be amended as follows : to permit the landlord at any time during the last [ 6 ] months of the contractual term and at any time thereafter unless the tenant shall have made a valid court [use] under section 24 of the 1954 act or otherwise be entitled in law to remain in occupation or to a new tenancy of the premises to enter upon the premises and affix and retain upon the premises in a position so as not to interfere with the tenant 's or any undertenant 's business being carried on at the premises a notice for re-letting the premises and during such period to permit persons with the written authority of the landlord or its agent at reasonable times of the day on reasonable notice to view the premises

7.5.2 When the circumstances contemplated in clause 7.5.1 arise the Rent [ and Service Charge ] or a fair proportion of the Rent [ and Service Charge ] according to the nature and the extent of the damage sustained shall cease to be payable until the Premises or the Retained Parts or the damaged parts of either of them shall have been rebuilt or reinstated so that the Premises or the affected part are made fit for occupation or use [ or until the expiration of [ 3 ] years from the destruction or damage whichever period is the shorter ] [ ( the amount of such proportion and the period during which the Rent [ and Service Charge ] shall cease to be payable to be determined by the Surveyor acting as an expert and not as an arbitrator ) or ( any dispute as to such proportion or the period during which the Rent [ and Service Charge ] shall cease to be payable to be determined in accordance with the Arbitration Acts 1950 to 1979 by an arbitrator to be appointed by agreement between the parties or in default by the President for the time being of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors upon the application of either party ) ] This provision should always be amended to include reference not only to the premises but also to the building of which the premises form part in the event that the premises do not stand alone .
7.5.2 when the circumstances contemplated in clause 7.5.1 arise the rent [ and service charge ] or a fair proportion of the rent [ and service charge ] according to the nature and the extent of the damage sustained shall cease to be payable until the premises or the retained parts or the damaged parts of either of them shall have been rebuilt or reinstated so that the premises or the affected part are made fit for occupation or use [ or until the expiration of [ 3 ] years from the destruction or damage whichever period is the shorter ] [ ( the amount of such proportion and the period during which the rent [ and service charge ] shall cease to be payable to be determined by the surveyor acting as an expert and not as an arbitrator ) or ( any dispute as to such proportion or the period during which the rent [ and service charge ] shall cease to be payable to be determined in accordance with the arbitration acts 1950 to 1979 by an arbitrator to be appointed by agreement between the parties or in default by the president for the time being of the royal institution of chartered surveyors upon the [use] of either party ) ] this provision should always be amended to include reference not only to the premises but also to the building of which the premises form part in the event that the premises do not stand alone .

7.5.2 When the circumstances contemplated in clause 7.5.1 arise the rents or a fair proportion of the rents according to the nature and the extent of the damage sustained shall cease to be payable until the date which falls 3 months after the date when the Premises with essential accesses and services are again rendered fit for occupation and use and a due proportion of the rents paid in advance shall be refunded to the Tenant any dispute as to such proportion or the period during which the rents shall cease to be payable to be determined in accordance with the Arbitration Acts 1950 to 1979 by an arbitrator to be appointed by agreement between the parties or in default by the President for the time being of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors upon the application of either party
7.5.2 when the circumstances contemplated in clause 7.5.1 arise the rents or a fair proportion of the rents according to the nature and the extent of the damage sustained shall cease to be payable until the date which falls 3 months after the date when the premises with essential accesses and services are again rendered fit for occupation and use and a due proportion of the rents paid in advance shall be refunded to the tenant any dispute as to such proportion or the period during which the rents shall cease to be payable to be determined in accordance with the arbitration acts 1950 to 1979 by an arbitrator to be appointed by agreement between the parties or in default by the president for the time being of the royal institution of chartered surveyors upon the [use] of either party

The application of such legal rules as those concerned with implied terms and frustration will often be uncertain , creating scope for disputes as to the extent of the parties ' rights and liabilities , costing valuable time and money .
the [use] of such legal rules as those concerned with implied terms and frustration will often be uncertain , creating scope for disputes as to the extent of the parties ' rights and liabilities , costing valuable time and money .

The view might be held that s3 has no application to such a clause , because s3 only applies to clauses under which the proferens purports to be entitled to a performance diffferent from that reasonably expected , whereas the effect of the clause quoted above is to define the performance which may reasonably be expected of the seller , so that the buyer can not reasonably expect any particular delivery date .
the view might be held that s3 has no [use] to such a clause , because s3 only applies to clauses under which the proferens purports to be entitled to a performance diffferent from that reasonably expected , whereas the effect of the clause quoted above is to define the performance which may reasonably be expected of the seller , so that the buyer can not reasonably expect any particular delivery date .

The client , or the drafter , may be tempted to have strict terms and then relax them in practice , for instance by not insisting on their strict application .
the client , or the drafter , may be tempted to have strict terms and then relax them in practice , for instance by not insisting on their strict [use] .

It can be evaded by careful drafting such as the addition of `` whatsoever `` , or some synonym for it which may prevent its application .
it can be evaded by careful drafting such as the addition of `` whatsoever `` , or some synonym for it which may prevent its [use] .

In the past the general rules of construction have been modified in their application to exclusion clauses because , in an effort to restrict the use of wide exclusions , the courts have developed particularly strict methods of construing exclusion clauses .
in the past the general rules of construction have been modified in their [use] to exclusion clauses because , in an effort to restrict the use of wide exclusions , the courts have developed particularly strict methods of construing exclusion clauses .

There is an important qualification to the application of the Act .
there is an important qualification to the [use] of the act .

There is now a small body of case law illustrating the application of the reasonableness test by the courts .
there is now a small body of case law illustrating the [use] of the reasonableness test by the courts .

Sometimes , the seller 's solicitors will accept a condition being inserted in the contract , which makes the contract conditional upon a successful planning application .
sometimes , the seller 's solicitors will accept a condition being inserted in the contract , which makes the contract conditional upon a successful planning [use] .

The Law of Property Act 1925 s84 makes provision for application to the court in such a case to modify or discharge the restrictions , and now , under the Law of Property Act 1969 , similar powers are given to the Lands Tribunal on grounds that the restriction impedes a use of the land that would be reasonable .
the law of property act 1925 s84 makes provision for [use] to the court in such a case to modify or discharge the restrictions , and now , under the law of property act 1969 , similar powers are given to the lands tribunal on grounds that the restriction impedes a use of the land that would be reasonable .

Complete the application for an official search using a carbon for the duplicate copy comprised in the one form .
complete the [use] for an official search using a carbon for the duplicate copy comprised in the one form .

If not , obtain an office copy of the application that gave rise to entry , which will supply not only information as to what is the protected interest but also as to who is the individual claiming protection and his or her conveyancer .
if not , obtain an office copy of the [use] that gave rise to entry , which will supply not only information as to what is the protected interest but also as to who is the individual claiming protection and his or her conveyancer .

No prescribed form of application .
no prescribed form of [use] .

Application for office copies of register and title plan are now lodged on Form 109 pursuant to Rule 2 of the Land Registration ( Open Register ) Rules 1990 .
[use] for office copies of register and title plan are now lodged on form 109 pursuant to rule 2 of the land registration ( open register ) rules 1990 .

Persons making the application should complete their name and address and should indicate what they are applying for .
persons making the [use] should complete their name and address and should indicate what they are applying for .

The appropriate fee should either accompany the application form , or will be debited to your firm 's credit account where appropriate .
the appropriate fee should either accompany the [use] form , or will be debited to your firm 's credit account where appropriate .

The key to security : a search made by a buyer or mortgagee with priority receives 30 working days ' priority against any subsequent application — that 's around six weeks ' priority .
the key to security : a search made by a buyer or mortgagee with priority receives 30 working days ' priority against any subsequent [use] — that 's around six weeks ' priority .

Make your title search four or five days or a week before completion ( five days if you think there may be a pending registration ) , to enable you to complete well within the period of priority that your search gives you — but remember that to gain full protection you must not only complete the purchase within that period , as with unregistered title , but must also within the same period lodge your application to register the transfer or mortgage .
make your title search four or five days or a week before completion ( five days if you think there may be a pending registration ) , to enable you to complete well within the period of priority that your search gives you — but remember that to gain full protection you must not only complete the purchase within that period , as with unregistered title , but must also within the same period lodge your [use] to register the transfer or mortgage .

In response to your application you 'll receive , on the back of the form you `` ve sent to the Registry , an official certificate of search that will reveal whether any entry or pending entry has been made since the date from which you searched .
in response to your [use] you 'll receive , on the back of the form you `` ve sent to the registry , an official certificate of search that will reveal whether any entry or pending entry has been made since the date from which you searched .

So if you act for both , search in the name of the mortgagee ; if the mortgagee is separately represented , and you are satisfied that a search has been made , you may think it unnecessary to search too , if you are confident that the mortgagee will lodge the application to register transfer and mortgage promptly .
so if you act for both , search in the name of the mortgagee ; if the mortgagee is separately represented , and you are satisfied that a search has been made , you may think it unnecessary to search too , if you are confident that the mortgagee will lodge the [use] to register transfer and mortgage promptly .

It is open to public inspection ; as described above an official certificate may be obtained by application on Form 96 to confirm the land you are buying is not already registered ; and to confirm there 's no caution or priority notice against first registration registered against it .
it is open to public inspection ; as described above an official certificate may be obtained by [use] on form 96 to confirm the land you are buying is not already registered ; and to confirm there 's no caution or priority notice against first registration registered against it .

When lodging the papers with your application for first registration of title on behalf of a buyer remember that the abstract must be marked as examined , even though it consists of an epitome of title and photo-copies of documents .
when lodging the papers with your [use] for first registration of title on behalf of a buyer remember that the abstract must be marked as examined , even though it consists of an epitome of title and photo-copies of documents .

Lastly , when acting for a buyer prepare your land registry cover or application form ( which you 'll require when lodging your application to register the transfer or for first registration of title , as the case may be ) at the same time as you make your requisitions and prepare the draft conveyance or transfer and other documents preferably in that buyer 's package described at p22 .
lastly , when acting for a buyer prepare your land registry cover or [use] form ( which you 'll require when lodging your [use] to register the transfer or for first registration of title , as the case may be ) at the same time as you make your requisitions and prepare the draft conveyance or transfer and other documents preferably in that buyer 's package described at p22 .

The application to register is by letter ( no prescribed form for the purpose ) and must be accompanied by the document creating the interest and a certified copy or examined abstract thereof ; the land certificate must also be produced , or if there is a registered charge the charge certificate if the chargee is to be bound .
the [use] to register is by letter ( no prescribed form for the purpose ) and must be accompanied by the document creating the interest and a certified copy or examined abstract thereof ; the land certificate must also be produced , or if there is a registered charge the charge certificate if the chargee is to be bound .

When that person is unwilling to be a party to the application , however , there is a hostile procedure available by the caution against dealings .
when that person is unwilling to be a party to the [use] , however , there is a hostile procedure available by the caution against dealings .

Treat the application forms , whether for a dealing or application for first registration , with the care they demand : in the end you 'll thereby save yourself and Land Registry officials much time and trouble .
treat the [use] forms , whether for a dealing or [use] for first registration , with the care they demand : in the end you 'll thereby save yourself and land registry officials much time and trouble .

The most common error by solicitors concerns the incorrect calculation of fees , and the following also appear frequently : ( 1 ) Failure to sign certified copies ; ( 2 ) Failure to sign application forms ; ( 3 ) Using a facsimile signature on application forms ; ( 4 ) Leaving uncompleted spaces in building society and other mortgages ; ( 5 ) Failure to include , on application for first registration , a land charges search against the seller ; ( 6 ) Failure to lodge a probate or letters of administration , or to mark the abstract thereof as examined .
the most common error by solicitors concerns the incorrect calculation of fees , and the following also appear frequently : ( 1 ) failure to sign certified copies ; ( 2 ) failure to sign [use] forms ; ( 3 ) using a facsimile signature on [use] forms ; ( 4 ) leaving uncompleted spaces in building society and other mortgages ; ( 5 ) failure to include , on [use] for first registration , a land charges search against the seller ; ( 6 ) failure to lodge a probate or letters of administration , or to mark the abstract thereof as examined .

Application can also be made when the freehold title is registered but not the leasehold , when the leasehold is registered but not the freehold , and when the leasehold is either registered or unregistered and application is being made for first registration of the freehold title .
[use] can also be made when the freehold title is registered but not the leasehold , when the leasehold is registered but not the freehold , and when the leasehold is either registered or unregistered and [use] is being made for first registration of the freehold title .

When you act for buyers who intend that a leasehold interest shall merge in the freehold ( leaseholders buying the freehold reversion on their lease , or freeholders buying the lease to which their title is subject ) it 's convenient to express the intention to merge in the transfer or other instrument vesting the second estate in the owner of the first if this is intended , but beware of such an application in the case of a flat — if , for example , your client owns a leasehold flat and buys the freehold of the whole building in which it is situate .
when you act for buyers who intend that a leasehold interest shall merge in the freehold ( leaseholders buying the freehold reversion on their lease , or freeholders buying the lease to which their title is subject ) it 's convenient to express the intention to merge in the transfer or other instrument vesting the second estate in the owner of the first if this is intended , but beware of such an [use] in the case of a flat — if , for example , your client owns a leasehold flat and buys the freehold of the whole building in which it is situate .

Death of one or more joint owners or of a sole proprietor is proved by lodging a certificate of death , or a copy of such a certificate certified as a true copy by the seller 's conveyancer , with the appropriate application .
death of one or more joint owners or of a sole proprietor is proved by lodging a certificate of death , or a copy of such a certificate certified as a true copy by the seller 's conveyancer , with the appropriate [use] .

Include the item `` Expedition fee — £25 `` in the fees panel ; and it may facilitate the matter , as well as showing courtesy towards the Land Registrar and his staff , if a covering letter with the application cover tells briefly why expedition is required .
include the item `` expedition fee — £25 `` in the fees panel ; and it may facilitate the matter , as well as showing courtesy towards the land registrar and his staff , if a covering letter with the [use] cover tells briefly why expedition is required .

The fee will be £6 and the application should be made to the appropriate District Land Registry for the area in which the property is situated .
the fee will be £6 and the [use] should be made to the appropriate district land registry for the area in which the property is situated .

From the date your application for a title search is received at the local Land Registry , you have 30 working days ( ie not less than six weeks ) within which period your client has priority over any other person who searches or seeks to register a dealing .
from the date your [use] for a title search is received at the local land registry , you have 30 working days ( ie not less than six weeks ) within which period your client has priority over any other person who searches or seeks to register a dealing .

Results of searches are normally dispatched by first-class mail the day they are received if the application is received by first post .
results of searches are normally dispatched by first-class mail the day they are received if the [use] is received by first post .

These are , in logical order of application : ( a ) Does a restraint of trade exist in this case/does the restraint of trade doctrine apply to this class of case ?
these are , in logical order of [use] : ( a ) does a restraint of trade exist in this case/does the restraint of trade doctrine apply to this class of case ?

Indeed , there is earlier authority for the application of the doctrine during the period of contract though as these cases are very much in the minority , they are sometimes forgotten .
indeed , there is earlier authority for the [use] of the doctrine during the period of contract though as these cases are very much in the minority , they are sometimes forgotten .

Normally , the doctrine of restraint of trade has no application to such restrictions : they require no justification .
normally , the doctrine of restraint of trade has no [use] to such restrictions : they require no justification .

In the Esso case Lord Reid said `` as the whole doctrine of restraint of trade is based on public policy its application ought to depend less on legal niceties or theoretical possibilities than on the practical effect of a restraint in hampering that freedom which it is the policy of the law to protect `` .
in the esso case lord reid said `` as the whole doctrine of restraint of trade is based on public policy its [use] ought to depend less on legal niceties or theoretical possibilities than on the practical effect of a restraint in hampering that freedom which it is the policy of the law to protect `` .

Section 62 ( 4 ) of the 1979 Act expressly excludes from its application : `` … a transaction in the form of a contract of sale which is intended to operate by way of … security `` .
section 62 ( 4 ) of the 1979 act expressly excludes from its [use] : `` … a transaction in the form of a contract of sale which is intended to operate by way of … security `` .

( c ) Exclusion of description requirement In the Harlingdon Ltd case it was argued , at first instance , that there was an actual usage or custom in the London art market which excluded the application of s13 .
( c ) exclusion of description requirement in the harlingdon ltd case it was argued , at first instance , that there was an actual usage or custom in the london art market which excluded the [use] of s13 .

The defence applies only to retailers and not to others in the distribution chain who can rely upon another defence of general application under s39 , namely , `` due diligence `` .
the defence applies only to retailers and not to others in the distribution chain who can rely upon another defence of general [use] under s39 , namely , `` due diligence `` .

The dearth of recent critical material in this area would suggest not , but the aim of this article is to demonstrate that the study of dramatic character may be effectively achieved by the application of theoretical principles derived from the linguistic analysis of conversation .
the dearth of recent critical material in this area would suggest not , but the aim of this article is to demonstrate that the study of dramatic character may be effectively achieved by the [use] of theoretical principles derived from the linguistic analysis of conversation .

Further work includes Paul Simpson 's ( 1989 ) application of Brown and Levinson 's politeness analysis ( 1978 ) to dramatic criticism in his examination of the power shift between pupil and teacher in Ionesco 's The Lesson .
further work includes paul simpson 's ( 1989 ) [use] of brown and levinson 's politeness analysis ( 1978 ) to dramatic criticism in his examination of the power shift between pupil and teacher in ionesco 's the lesson .

Application of the overseas person exemption
[use] of the overseas person exemption

The purpose of the investigation is to establish whether the authority should make an application for a court order or exercise any other powers it may have under the Act ( s47 ( 3 ) ( a ) ) .
the purpose of the investigation is to establish whether the authority should make an [use] for a court order or exercise any other powers it may have under the act ( s47 ( 3 ) ( a ) ) .

If the authority decides to apply for a care or supervision order it will be expected to file an application under s31 within the investigation period .
if the authority decides to apply for a care or supervision order it will be expected to file an [use] under s31 within the investigation period .

The Guidance ( vol 2 , para 4.86 ) also requires local authorities to consider review , as a matter of good practice , following an unsuccessful application for a court order .
the guidance ( vol 2 , para 4.86 ) also requires local authorities to consider review , as a matter of good practice , following an unsuccessful [use] for a court order .

Public law proceedings must be commenced in a magistrates ' court unless there are already public law proceedings pending in a county court or the High Court or the application is made by a local authority following a s37 direction to investigate made in family proceedings in either court ( see Chapter 3 , 1(b) ) .
public law proceedings must be commenced in a magistrates ' court unless there are already public law proceedings pending in a county court or the high court or the [use] is made by a local authority following a s37 direction to investigate made in family proceedings in either court ( see chapter 3 , 1(b) ) .

Where a county court which is not a care centre makes an interim care or supervision order with a s37 direction for investigation , any application relating to the interim order must be made to a care centre and not the original county court .
where a county court which is not a care centre makes an interim care or supervision order with a s37 direction for investigation , any [use] relating to the interim order must be made to a care centre and not the original county court .

The question of transfer will usually be considered by the clerk immediately after an application is filed .
the question of transfer will usually be considered by the clerk immediately after an [use] is filed .

Application should be made in writing but there is no specified form .
[use] should be made in writing but there is no specified form .

If a request for transfer is refused the applicant can ask the appropriate county court care centre to review the decision and the application may be dealt with by a nominated care district judge .
if a request for transfer is refused the applicant can ask the appropriate county court care centre to review the decision and the [use] may be dealt with by a nominated care district judge .

The court can not consider the matter until the fourth day after the application is filed unless the parties consent to earlier consideration .
the court can not consider the matter until the fourth day after the [use] is filed unless the parties consent to earlier consideration .

The court can either grant the application or fix a hearing date , in which case it must give the parties at least one day 's notice .
the court can either grant the [use] or fix a hearing date , in which case it must give the parties at least one day 's notice .

1 Application
1 [use]

If no form exists for a particular application , the applicant should simply apply in writing .
if no form exists for a particular [use] , the applicant should simply apply in writing .

If an emergency protection , prohibited steps or specific issue order is made ex parte the applicant must serve a copy of the application on each respondent within 48 hours .
if an emergency protection , prohibited steps or specific issue order is made ex parte the applicant must serve a copy of the [use] on each respondent within 48 hours .

3 Application for leave
3 [use] for leave

Criteria for granting leave will depend on the nature of the application although the welfare of the child must always be the court 's paramount consideration .
criteria for granting leave will depend on the nature of the [use] although the welfare of the child must always be the court 's paramount consideration .

Note that the child does not have automatic party status when an application is made for a s8 order except in the circumstances specified in ( iii ) and ( iv ) above although he can apply for party status as explained below .
note that the child does not have automatic party status when an [use] is made for a s8 order except in the circumstances specified in ( iii ) and ( iv ) above although he can apply for party status as explained below .

Those entitled to notice of proceedings but not party status will not receive a copy of the application .
those entitled to notice of proceedings but not party status will not receive a copy of the [use] .

7 Withdrawal of application
7 withdrawal of [use]

8 The guardian ad litem ( a ) Appointment The court has a positive duty to appoint a guardian ad litem in the following proceedings unless satisfied that this is not necessary in order to safeguard the child 's interests ( s41 ) : ( i ) application for a care or supervision order ; ( ii ) direction to investigate under s37 when an interim care order has been made or is under consideration ; ( iii ) application for discharge of a care order ; ( iv ) application for variation or discharge of a supervision order ; ( v ) application to extend a supervision order ; ( vi ) application to substitute a supervision order for a care order ; ( vii ) consideration of a residence order for a child in care ; ( viii ) application relating to contact with a child in care ; ( ix ) proceedings relating to emergency protection and child assessment orders ; ( x ) proceedings relating to secure accommodation orders ; ( xi ) application for leave to change the surname of a child in care ; ( xii ) application for leave to remove a child in care from the United Kingdom for a period exceeding one month ; ( xiii ) application for leave to permit the emigration of a child in care ; ( xiv ) appeal against the making or refusal to make , vary or discharge above orders .
8 the guardian ad litem ( a ) appointment the court has a positive duty to appoint a guardian ad litem in the following proceedings unless satisfied that this is not necessary in order to safeguard the child 's interests ( s41 ) : ( i ) [use] for a care or supervision order ; ( ii ) direction to investigate under s37 when an interim care order has been made or is under consideration ; ( iii ) [use] for discharge of a care order ; ( iv ) [use] for variation or discharge of a supervision order ; ( v ) [use] to extend a supervision order ; ( vi ) [use] to substitute a supervision order for a care order ; ( vii ) consideration of a residence order for a child in care ; ( viii ) [use] relating to contact with a child in care ; ( ix ) proceedings relating to emergency protection and child assessment orders ; ( x ) proceedings relating to secure accommodation orders ; ( xi ) [use] for leave to change the surname of a child in care ; ( xii ) [use] for leave to remove a child in care from the united kingdom for a period exceeding one month ; ( xiii ) [use] for leave to permit the emigration of a child in care ; ( xiv ) appeal against the making or refusal to make , vary or discharge above orders .

Where a public law application is consolidated with private law proceedings , however , a court welfare officer may already be involved .
where a public law [use] is consolidated with private law proceedings , however , a court welfare officer may already be involved .

In the family proceedings court the clerk must consider the need to give directions on these matters on receipt of an application .
in the family proceedings court the clerk must consider the need to give directions on these matters on receipt of an [use] .

In urgent cases an application for directions may be made orally and ex parte with the leave of the court or a justices ' clerk .
in urgent cases an [use] for directions may be made orally and ex parte with the leave of the court or a justices ' clerk .

In this case a consent application should be filed in writing and signed by all parties .
in this case a consent [use] should be filed in writing and signed by all parties .

( a ) Attendance of parties The rules do not require the parties to attend the final hearing of an application although the guardian ad litem is required to attend all hearings unless excused .
( a ) attendance of parties the rules do not require the parties to attend the final hearing of an [use] although the guardian ad litem is required to attend all hearings unless excused .

This is of particular relevance when the court is considering an application for adjournment .
this is of particular relevance when the court is considering an [use] for adjournment .

Section 45 ( 7 ) allows the court to waive the rules of evidence generally in any application for , or relating to , an emergency protection order ( s45 ( 7 ) ) .
section 45 ( 7 ) allows the court to waive the rules of evidence generally in any [use] for , or relating to , an emergency protection order ( s45 ( 7 ) ) .

An application for leave must be made on notice to all parties to the proceedings and the guardian ad litem , unless the court directs otherwise .
an [use] for leave must be made on notice to all parties to the proceedings and the guardian ad litem , unless the court directs otherwise .

Section 45 ( 7 ) allows the court to take into account any statement in any report made to the court and any evidence given during the hearing of an application for , or relating to , an emergency protection order .
section 45 ( 7 ) allows the court to take into account any statement in any report made to the court and any evidence given during the hearing of an [use] for , or relating to , an emergency protection order .

This applies whether an application for an emergency protection order is heard in a magistrates ' court , county court or High Court .
this applies whether an [use] for an emergency protection order is heard in a magistrates ' court , county court or high court .

The court has power to maintain the status quo by granting orders pending appeal when dismissing an application for a care order or supervision order ( s40 ) .
the court has power to maintain the status quo by granting orders pending appeal when dismissing an [use] for a care order or supervision order ( s40 ) .

Thus , a care order may be made for the `` appeal period `` where a child is the subject of an interim care order at the time the application is dismissed .
thus , a care order may be made for the `` appeal period `` where a child is the subject of an interim care order at the time the [use] is dismissed .

There is a similar power to maintain the status quo when a court grants an application to discharge a care order or supervision order .
there is a similar power to maintain the status quo when a court grants an [use] to discharge a care order or supervision order .

( a ) Free legal aid Applicants entitled to free legal aid are not required to complete an application form .
( a ) free legal aid applicants entitled to free legal aid are not required to complete an [use] form .

It is not necessary to submit a fresh legal aid application to cover an appeal .
it is not necessary to submit a fresh legal aid [use] to cover an appeal .

Application must be made to the legal aid area office for authority to exceed this limit .
[use] must be made to the legal aid area office for authority to exceed this limit .

The parties to an application for a care or supervision order are : ( a ) the applicant ; ( b ) the child ; ( c ) every person whom the applicant believes to have parental responsibility for the child .
the parties to an [use] for a care or supervision order are : ( a ) the applicant ; ( b ) the child ; ( c ) every person whom the applicant believes to have parental responsibility for the child .

Those entitled to notice of the application are : ( a ) any person caring for the child at the time the proceedings are commenced ; ( b ) every person whom the applicant believes to be a parent without parental responsibility , ie an unmarried father without the benefit of a parental responsibility agreement or order ; ( c ) every person whom the applicant believes to be a party to pending relevant proceedings in respect of the same child ; ( d ) any local authority providing accommodation for the child ; ( e ) where proceedings are brought in respect of a child alleged to be staying in a certified refuge , the person providing the refuge .
those entitled to notice of the [use] are : ( a ) any person caring for the child at the time the proceedings are commenced ; ( b ) every person whom the applicant believes to be a parent without parental responsibility , ie an unmarried father without the benefit of a parental responsibility agreement or order ; ( c ) every person whom the applicant believes to be a party to pending relevant proceedings in respect of the same child ; ( d ) any local authority providing accommodation for the child ; ( e ) where proceedings are brought in respect of a child alleged to be staying in a certified refuge , the person providing the refuge .

Relevant proceedings as defined by s93 ( 3 ) means any application made or proceedings brought under the Children Act , any statutory instrument made under the Act or any amendment which the Act may make to any other statute .
relevant proceedings as defined by s93 ( 3 ) means any [use] made or proceedings brought under the children act , any statutory instrument made under the act or any amendment which the act may make to any other statute .

Relevant proceedings are pending if they are in progress at the date the application for a care or supervision order is filed .
relevant proceedings are pending if they are in progress at the date the [use] for a care or supervision order is filed .

An application may be based on actual or likely harm to the child .
an [use] may be based on actual or likely harm to the child .

Where parents are not actually caring for the child at the time of the application the court must consider whether they would be likely to offer a reasonable standard of care if the child were returned to them .
where parents are not actually caring for the child at the time of the [use] the court must consider whether they would be likely to offer a reasonable standard of care if the child were returned to them .

The application of this principle to care cases , where the legal process has been put in motion , is still likely to militate against a care order where there is a possibility of placing the child safely with a relative under a residence order .
the [use] of this principle to care cases , where the legal process has been put in motion , is still likely to militate against a care order where there is a possibility of placing the child safely with a relative under a residence order .

The court must draw up a timetable `` with a view to disposing of the application without delay `` and must give directions to ensure that it is adhered to ( s33 ( 1 ) ) .
the court must draw up a timetable `` with a view to disposing of the [use] without delay `` and must give directions to ensure that it is adhered to ( s33 ( 1 ) ) .

An application for a care or supervision order will frequently follow upon an emergency protection order .
an [use] for a care or supervision order will frequently follow upon an emergency protection order .

The applicant must therefore produce sufficient evidence to justify a reasonable belief that the grounds for a full order may exist whether or not the application is opposed .
the applicant must therefore produce sufficient evidence to justify a reasonable belief that the grounds for a full order may exist whether or not the [use] is opposed .

The Guidance tells us that interim orders represent a substantial , if temporary , intervention in the child 's life and `` should not be regarded as routine parts of an application for a full care or supervision order `` ( vol 1 , para 3.38 ) .
the guidance tells us that interim orders represent a substantial , if temporary , intervention in the child 's life and `` should not be regarded as routine parts of an [use] for a full care or supervision order `` ( vol 1 , para 3.38 ) .

All interim orders come to an end on the disposal of the application if they have not otherwise expired .
all interim orders come to an end on the disposal of the [use] if they have not otherwise expired .

The court can make a s8 order on the application of any person entitled to apply or granted leave to do so .
the court can make a s8 order on the [use] of any person entitled to apply or granted leave to do so .

The court also has power to make a s8 order of its own volition even though no application has been made ( s10 ( 1 ) ( b ) ) .
the court also has power to make a s8 order of its own volition even though no [use] has been made ( s10 ( 1 ) ( b ) ) .

If an application for the discharge of a care order , or the substitution of a supervision order for a care order is unsuccessful no further application may be made without the leave of the court for a period of six months ( s91 ( 15 ) ( a ) ( d ) ) .
if an [use] for the discharge of a care order , or the substitution of a supervision order for a care order is unsuccessful no further [use] may be made without the leave of the court for a period of six months ( s91 ( 15 ) ( a ) ( d ) ) .

The court can make a contact order when making a care order even though no application has been made ( s34 ( 5 ) ) .
the court can make a contact order when making a care order even though no [use] has been made ( s34 ( 5 ) ) .

An application can be made in the original care proceedings or at any time while the child remains in care although there is a prohibition on repeat applications without leave within a six-month period ( s91 ( 17 ) and see below ) .
an [use] can be made in the original care proceedings or at any time while the child remains in care although there is a prohibition on repeat applications without leave within a six-month period ( s91 ( 17 ) and see below ) .

The table in Appendix 3 specifies those who must be named as respondents and those entitled to notice of the application .
the table in appendix 3 specifies those who must be named as respondents and those entitled to notice of the [use] .

The application must be served on all respondents at least three days before the first directions appointment or hearing .
the [use] must be served on all respondents at least three days before the first directions appointment or hearing .

The court also has a general power to prohibit further applications without leave when disposing of any application for an order under the Act ( s91 ( 14 ) ) .
the court also has a general power to prohibit further applications without leave when disposing of any [use] for an order under the act ( s91 ( 14 ) ) .

The court may vary or discharge a supervision order on the application of the child , the supervisor or any person with parental responsibility for the child ( s39 ( 2 ) ) .
the court may vary or discharge a supervision order on the [use] of the child , the supervisor or any person with parental responsibility for the child ( s39 ( 2 ) ) .

If an application for discharge of a supervision order is unsuccessful no further application may be made without the leave of the court for a period of six months ( s91 ( 15 ) ) .
if an [use] for discharge of a supervision order is unsuccessful no further [use] may be made without the leave of the court for a period of six months ( s91 ( 15 ) ) .

Anyone else must obtain leave to make an application .
anyone else must obtain leave to make an [use] .

This includes the child who will only be granted leave if the court is satisfied that he has sufficient understanding to make the application ( s10 ( 9 ) ) .
this includes the child who will only be granted leave if the court is satisfied that he has sufficient understanding to make the [use] ( s10 ( 9 ) ) .

Note that anyone who is or was a local authority foster parent for the child within the preceding six months can not apply for leave to seek a s8 order unless he has the consent of the authority or he is a relative of the child or the child has lived with him for at least three years preceding the application ( s9 ( 3 ) ) . ``
note that anyone who is or was a local authority foster parent for the child within the preceding six months can not apply for leave to seek a s8 order unless he has the consent of the authority or he is a relative of the child or the child has lived with him for at least three years preceding the [use] ( s9 ( 3 ) ) . ``

If leave is granted the draft application on form 10 is treated as a formal application for a s8 order .
if leave is granted the draft [use] on form 10 is treated as a formal [use] for a s8 order .

Example : Application for benefit
example : [use] for benefit

The actual language of the text , shaped by these constraints , warrants the interpretative/explanatory application of the categories that theorise the mental constraints that purportedly cause the language to take the shape it does .
the actual language of the text , shaped by these constraints , warrants the interpretative/explanatory [use] of the categories that theorise the mental constraints that purportedly cause the language to take the shape it does .

But linguistics itself is arguably not a normal science , in the sense that there is a single agreed paradigm for research or application .
but linguistics itself is arguably not a normal science , in the sense that there is a single agreed paradigm for research or [use] .

The contract is executed when the prospective member , as part of his application for membership , agrees to abide by the rules .
the contract is executed when the prospective member , as part of his [use] for membership , agrees to abide by the rules .

This means that the exchange is normally involved in every application of its rules , even with a rule couched in terms of the bilateral rights between buyer and seller .
this means that the exchange is normally involved in every [use] of its rules , even with a rule couched in terms of the bilateral rights between buyer and seller .

Other legislation , such as the doctrine of restraint of trade , the Restrictive Trade Practices Act and Arts 85 and 86 of the Treaty of Rome ( monopoly and abuse of a dominant position ) , all have potential application , but might be expected to take account of similar public policy principles .
other legislation , such as the doctrine of restraint of trade , the restrictive trade practices act and arts 85 and 86 of the treaty of rome ( monopoly and abuse of a dominant position ) , all have potential [use] , but might be expected to take account of similar public policy principles .

Admission is obtained by written application , proving that you fulfil the set criteria .
admission is obtained by written [use] , proving that you fulfil the set criteria .

The following work carried out ( or directly and actively supervised ) : ( a ) either at least 60 personal injury instructions in the 5 years prior to the application or at least 36 personal injury instructions in the 3 years prior to the application — in either case , no more than half of the instructions should be in medical negligence cases ; ( b ) at least one personal injury case where the award or settlement was approved by the court because the plaintiff was under a disability , eg a child ; and ( c ) at least ten cases set down and ready for trial , of which at least two must have involved a dispute over liability .
the following work carried out ( or directly and actively supervised ) : ( a ) either at least 60 personal injury instructions in the 5 years prior to the [use] or at least 36 personal injury instructions in the 3 years prior to the [use] — in either case , no more than half of the instructions should be in medical negligence cases ; ( b ) at least one personal injury case where the award or settlement was approved by the court because the plaintiff was under a disability , eg a child ; and ( c ) at least ten cases set down and ready for trial , of which at least two must have involved a dispute over liability .

( a ) The application form for panel membership will ask for details of training courses applicants have attended over the past two or three years .
( a ) the [use] form for panel membership will ask for details of training courses applicants have attended over the past two or three years .

( ii ) The applicant will need to have the following experience : ( a ) Personally run at least 36 medical negligence cases over the previous 3 years ; and ( b ) had at least three cases set down and ready for trial in the three years prior to panel application .
( ii ) the applicant will need to have the following experience : ( a ) personally run at least 36 medical negligence cases over the previous 3 years ; and ( b ) had at least three cases set down and ready for trial in the three years prior to panel [use] .

( i ) An applicant will have to have attended at least one major conference on medical negligence and one medical course for lawyers devoted specifically to enhancing the lawyers ' understanding of medicine generally in the three years prior to the application .
( i ) an applicant will have to have attended at least one major conference on medical negligence and one medical course for lawyers devoted specifically to enhancing the lawyers ' understanding of medicine generally in the three years prior to the [use] .

Application form
[use] form

It is envisaged that the majority of applications would be decided on the application form alone .
it is envisaged that the majority of applications would be decided on the [use] form alone .

This ensures the consistent application of vetting criteria .
this ensures the consistent [use] of vetting criteria .

You need to create a precedent bank of letters , application forms , affidavits and other documents for all lawyers doing personal injury work .
you need to create a precedent bank of letters , [use] forms , affidavits and other documents for all lawyers doing personal injury work .

Similarly you may have combined with your application for judgment one for an interim award and it would be absurd that the benefit of that award should be lost in providing the costs of the action thus far .
similarly you may have combined with your [use] for judgment one for an interim award and it would be absurd that the benefit of that award should be lost in providing the costs of the action thus far .

In extreme cases do not hesitate to write formally , threatening an application for non-party person discovery .
in extreme cases do not hesitate to write formally , threatening an [use] for non-party person discovery .

The problem for the unassisted plaintiff is that the expert 's fee and the cost of any application makes for a very expensive gamble on liability .
the problem for the unassisted plaintiff is that the expert 's fee and the cost of any [use] makes for a very expensive gamble on liability .

The strategy must be to seek to ensure that the defendants bear the costs , at the end of every successful case , of every application for inspection made in the face of an unreasonable refusal of access .
the strategy must be to seek to ensure that the defendants bear the costs , at the end of every successful case , of every [use] for inspection made in the face of an unreasonable refusal of access .

Jury acquittals in obscenity cases , beginning with `` Lady Chatterley 's Lover `` , have effectively secured freedom for art and saved literature from the application of that controversial law .
jury acquittals in obscenity cases , beginning with `` lady chatterley 's lover `` , have effectively secured freedom for art and saved literature from the [use] of that controversial law .

One important application of the open justice principle which has increased the rights of the press is found in recent cases in which reporters have been accorded special status as `` representatives of the public `` .
one important [use] of the open justice principle which has increased the rights of the press is found in recent cases in which reporters have been accorded special status as `` representatives of the public `` .

Such injunctions are normally immediately set aside on the publisher 's application or lifted by the Court of Appeal .
such injunctions are normally immediately set aside on the publisher 's [use] or lifted by the court of appeal .

There is a difficult , and unresolved , question about the application of the `` fair comment `` defence to comment by a third party which is published in a newspaper .
there is a difficult , and unresolved , question about the [use] of the `` fair comment `` defence to comment by a third party which is published in a newspaper .

The right of reply privilege does not merely protect responses to criticisms made in Parliament , of course : it is a privilege of general application , arising from the legitimate interest of individuals in protecting their reputations , and it is shared by the media when it facilitates that interest .
the right of reply privilege does not merely protect responses to criticisms made in parliament , of course : it is a privilege of general [use] , arising from the legitimate interest of individuals in protecting their reputations , and it is shared by the media when it facilitates that interest .

The application of qualified privilege is considered in detail in Chapter 7 ( Reporting the Courts ) and Chapter 9 ( Reporting Parliament ) .
the [use] of qualified privilege is considered in detail in chapter 7 ( reporting the courts ) and chapter 9 ( reporting parliament ) .

But they take the interpretive attitude toward these abstract propositions , and their opinions about Elmer 's legal rights express an interpretation rather than a direct and uncontroversial application of the institution of legislation .
but they take the interpretive attitude toward these abstract propositions , and their opinions about elmer 's legal rights express an interpretation rather than a direct and uncontroversial [use] of the institution of legislation .

The rigid application of the `` social fascist `` line did more to alienate the Communists from the labour movement than any previous actions .
the rigid [use] of the `` social fascist `` line did more to alienate the communists from the labour movement than any previous actions .

The second level of application was the forming of the `` United Front from Below `` .
the second level of [use] was the forming of the `` united front from below `` .

Whether or not the Communist Party leaders expected such a letter to have anything more than a propaganda appeal they can hardly have been surprised by the Labour Party reply on 27 January 1936 which rejected the application and outlined the history of relations between the two parties , particularly during the social fascist `` period .
whether or not the communist party leaders expected such a letter to have anything more than a propaganda appeal they can hardly have been surprised by the labour party reply on 27 january 1936 which rejected the [use] and outlined the history of relations between the two parties , particularly during the social fascist `` period .

In this reply and in the report British Labour and Communism submitted to the 1936 Annual Conference , the Labour Party stressed that acceptance of the application would only serve the Communist Party 's ends .
in this reply and in the report british labour and communism submitted to the 1936 annual conference , the labour party stressed that acceptance of the [use] would only serve the communist party 's ends .

The National Executive also noted `` the proclaimed fact that the present application for affiliation is but an evidence of the deviation in the tactics which have been pursued by the Communist International in recent years `` .
the national executive also noted `` the proclaimed fact that the present [use] for affiliation is but an evidence of the deviation in the tactics which have been pursued by the communist international in recent years `` .

At the same time , pupils are also exposed to one practical application of the microcomputer which will be relevant outside school .
at the same time , pupils are also exposed to one practical [use] of the microcomputer which will be relevant outside school .

It is a question of identifying the best possible application as one of many partners in the lead process .
it is a question of identifying the best possible [use] as one of many partners in the lead process .

If a more than reasonable time has elapsed since the engrossed conveyance or transfer was submitted for execution by the husband , then the steps set out in Chapter 8 are a guide as to the procedure to be followed before application is made to the court asking the court to execute the conveyance or transfer on behalf of the husband .
if a more than reasonable time has elapsed since the engrossed conveyance or transfer was submitted for execution by the husband , then the steps set out in chapter 8 are a guide as to the procedure to be followed before [use] is made to the court asking the court to execute the conveyance or transfer on behalf of the husband .

In such a case , the husband will , if possible , wish to be released by the mortgagee from the future liability under the mortgage rather than rely upon an indemnity from the wife , and although the mortgagee should be aware of the proceedings between the parties by virtue of the notification required to be made to it under r2.59 ( 4 ) of the Family Proceedings Rules 1991 ( see p3 ) , a formal application will doubtless have to be made by the husband for a release .
in such a case , the husband will , if possible , wish to be released by the mortgagee from the future liability under the mortgage rather than rely upon an indemnity from the wife , and although the mortgagee should be aware of the proceedings between the parties by virtue of the notification required to be made to it under r2.59 ( 4 ) of the family proceedings rules 1991 ( see p3 ) , a formal [use] will doubtless have to be made by the husband for a release .

Application to this effect should therefore be included in the transfer ( see Precedent 8 ) .
[use] to this effect should therefore be included in the transfer ( see precedent 8 ) .

( d ) First registration of title Although the property may be in an area subject to compulsory registration of title , no application for registration is required when the property is conveyed following a court order as the conveyance has not been one following sale ( Land Registration Act 1925 , s123 ) .
( d ) first registration of title although the property may be in an area subject to compulsory registration of title , no [use] for registration is required when the property is conveyed following a court order as the conveyance has not been one following sale ( land registration act 1925 , s123 ) .

If the other joint tenant has refused to join in an application to register a restriction then doubtless also there will be difficulty about lodging the land certificate .
if the other joint tenant has refused to join in an [use] to register a restriction then doubtless also there will be difficulty about lodging the land certificate .

Where no charge is registered , the registrar , if otherwise prepared to accept the application , may well be prepared to register the restriction without the land certificate provided he is satisfied that severance has taken place ( see Ruoff and Roper , Registered Conveyancing , Looseleaf edn , Sweet and Maxwell , 1991 , 39.21 ) .
where no charge is registered , the registrar , if otherwise prepared to accept the [use] , may well be prepared to register the restriction without the land certificate provided he is satisfied that severance has taken place ( see ruoff and roper , registered conveyancing , looseleaf edn , sweet and maxwell , 1991 , 39.21 ) .

If an unreasonable time has elapsed and the husband refuses or fails to execute the conveyance or transfer , application can be made to the court ( see Chapter 8 ) .
if an unreasonable time has elapsed and the husband refuses or fails to execute the conveyance or transfer , [use] can be made to the court ( see chapter 8 ) .

It will be recalled ( see Chapter 3 , p35 ) that in the case of registered land , application under r110 of the Land Registration Rules 1925 should be made to note this indemnity on the Register .
it will be recalled ( see chapter 3 , p35 ) that in the case of registered land , [use] under r110 of the land registration rules 1925 should be made to note this indemnity on the register .

( c ) First registration of title Unless there is a conveyance of the whole ( ie not just the husband 's share or interest ) of the property in the title , application for first registration of title in an area of compulsory registration is not necessary ( Land Registration Act 1925 , s123 ) .
( c ) first registration of title unless there is a conveyance of the whole ( ie not just the husband 's share or interest ) of the property in the title , [use] for first registration of title in an area of compulsory registration is not necessary ( land registration act 1925 , s123 ) .

Therefore even though the wife may buy the husband 's share ( see Precedents 17 and 21 ) , no application for first registration is required .
therefore even though the wife may buy the husband 's share ( see precedents 17 and 21 ) , no [use] for first registration is required .

The value of the land may be evidenced by a statement from the solicitors lodging the application , which should specify the value of the property transferred .
the value of the land may be evidenced by a statement from the solicitors lodging the [use] , which should specify the value of the property transferred .

( c ) First registration of title Generally , an application for first registration of title , even when the land is in a compulsory area , will not be required unless the conveyance has been one of sale of the whole of the property ( Land Registration Act 1925 , s123 ) .
( c ) first registration of title generally , an [use] for first registration of title , even when the land is in a compulsory area , will not be required unless the conveyance has been one of sale of the whole of the property ( land registration act 1925 , s123 ) .

It is , therefore , suggested that application be made to the registrar to enter a restriction under which no disposition is to be registered after the death of one of the proprietors without the consent of the personal representatives of the deceased proprietor ( see Precedent 47 ) .
it is , therefore , suggested that [use] be made to the registrar to enter a restriction under which no disposition is to be registered after the death of one of the proprietors without the consent of the personal representatives of the deceased proprietor ( see precedent 47 ) .

If the parties can not agree on the terms of the mortgage , application can always be made to the court who will settle the terms of the mortgage or direct that conveyancing counsel be appointed by the court to do so .
if the parties can not agree on the terms of the mortgage , [use] can always be made to the court who will settle the terms of the mortgage or direct that conveyancing counsel be appointed by the court to do so .

Unless any cash payment is passing which is required by the husband for the purchase of another property , a contract would appear to be unnecessary and is certainly not required if the transaction is to be carried out following a court order ( whether by consent or otherwise ) as application can always be made to the court for the terms of the order to be carried out ( see Chapter 8 ) .
unless any cash payment is passing which is required by the husband for the purchase of another property , a contract would appear to be unnecessary and is certainly not required if the transaction is to be carried out following a court order ( whether by consent or otherwise ) as [use] can always be made to the court for the terms of the order to be carried out ( see chapter 8 ) .

As far as registered land is concerned , the second mortgage will be registered automatically against the title on the lodging of the application for registration .
as far as registered land is concerned , the second mortgage will be registered automatically against the title on the lodging of the [use] for registration .

However , where a charge is delivered together with an application to register a transfer involving monetary consideration or before the application is completed , Sched 4 , Abatement 1 , provides that no fee is payable for the registration of the charge .
however , where a charge is delivered together with an [use] to register a transfer involving monetary consideration or before the [use] is completed , sched 4 , abatement 1 , provides that no fee is payable for the registration of the charge .

He was then given an application form for a job in another department where hopefully his asthma would n't be aggravated .
he was then given an [use] form for a job in another department where hopefully his asthma would n't be aggravated .

Well , this voucher scheme sounds like it could be worth the 12 quid alone … any chance you could fax me the application form Gavin ?
well , this voucher scheme sounds like it could be worth the 12 quid alone … any chance you could fax me the [use] form gavin ?

East Kilbride development corporation has this morning rejected the planning application by Elm Energy in the face of strong public opposition .
east kilbride development corporation has this morning rejected the planning [use] by elm energy in the face of strong public opposition .

East Kilbride development corporation has rejected the planning application by Elm Energy following strong public opposition .
east kilbride development corporation has rejected the planning [use] by elm energy following strong public opposition .

Conditions can be imposed for regulating the development or use of any land under the control of the applicant , whether or not it is the land to which the application relates , so long as there is a definite relationship between the object of the condition and the development permitted .
conditions can be imposed for regulating the development or use of any land under the control of the applicant , whether or not it is the land to which the [use] relates , so long as there is a definite relationship between the object of the condition and the development permitted .

The secretary of state may by regulations make such provision as he thinks fit for the payment of a fee of the prescribed amount to a local planning authority … in respect of an application made to them under the planning enactments for any permission , consent , approval , determination or certificate .
the secretary of state may by regulations make such provision as he thinks fit for the payment of a fee of the prescribed amount to a local planning authority … in respect of an [use] made to them under the planning enactments for any permission , consent , approval , determination or certificate .

Third and this meets the case of development carried out in good faith , or ignorance — application can be made for retrospective permission .
third and this meets the case of development carried out in good faith , or ignorance — [use] can be made for retrospective permission .

Indeed , in striking contrast to earlier ideas about the separation of industry and housing , ‘ the characteristics of industry and commerce … have changed … There are many businesses that can be carried on in rural and residential areas without causing unacceptable disturbance … The rigid application of ‘ zoning ’ policies ( where indeed it continues ) can have a very damaging effect .
indeed , in striking contrast to earlier ideas about the separation of industry and housing , ‘ the characteristics of industry and commerce … have changed … there are many businesses that can be carried on in rural and residential areas without causing unacceptable disturbance … the rigid [use] of ‘ zoning ’ policies ( where indeed it continues ) can have a very damaging effect .

The draft circular is enthusiastic about recent progress in reclamation , and ‘ proposals for the restoration and aftercare of sites to a subsequent beneficial use should always form an important part of the information submitted with a planning application and in earlier informal discussions ’ .
the draft circular is enthusiastic about recent progress in reclamation , and ‘ proposals for the restoration and aftercare of sites to a subsequent beneficial use should always form an important part of the information submitted with a planning [use] and in earlier informal discussions ’ .

For example , it could be the policy that each application should be dealt with very thoroughly and carefully , irrespective of the time and cost involved .
for example , it could be the policy that each [use] should be dealt with very thoroughly and carefully , irrespective of the time and cost involved .

This power can be exercised only in cases where the application is not called in by the secretary of state himself .
this power can be exercised only in cases where the [use] is not called in by the secretary of state himself .

Even where an application does arouse some opposition , issues of public amenity rarely arise .
even where an [use] does arouse some opposition , issues of public amenity rarely arise .

If , after all this , the local authority is ‘ disposed to grant consent ’ for the demolition ( and , in certain cases , the alteration ) of a listed building , it has to refer the application to the secretary of state so that he can decide whether to ‘ call in ’ the proposal and deal with it himself .
if , after all this , the local authority is ‘ disposed to grant consent ’ for the demolition ( and , in certain cases , the alteration ) of a listed building , it has to refer the [use] to the secretary of state so that he can decide whether to ‘ call in ’ the proposal and deal with it himself .

In our opinion the financial statements give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of The Scottish Council ( Development and Industry ) Limited as at 30 September 1990 and of the Income and Expenditure and Source and Application of Funds for the year ended on that date and are properly prepared in accordance with the Companies Act 1985 .
in our opinion the financial statements give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the scottish council ( development and industry ) limited as at 30 september 1990 and of the income and expenditure and source and [use] of funds for the year ended on that date and are properly prepared in accordance with the companies act 1985 .

Linear stability theory can indicate when a laminar shear flow must undergo transition to some other type of motion , and the example of its application to a boundary layer was discussed in Section 17.7 .
linear stability theory can indicate when a laminar shear flow must undergo transition to some other type of motion , and the example of its [use] to a boundary layer was discussed in section 17.7 .

The obvious relevance to oceanography has already been mentioned , but it is far from being the only field of application .
the obvious relevance to oceanography has already been mentioned , but it is far from being the only field of [use] .

There are three principal instruments for velocity measurement — that is to say , instruments that have found application in many different types of experiment .
there are three principal instruments for velocity measurement — that is to say , instruments that have found [use] in many different types of experiment .

Hence , if the working fluid contains an indicator and is titrated to be close to the end-point of that indicator , the application of a voltage between a fine wire and some other point in the flow can produce a local colour change at the wire .
hence , if the working fluid contains an indicator and is titrated to be close to the end-point of that indicator , the [use] of a voltage between a fine wire and some other point in the flow can produce a local colour change at the wire .

convection in conditions where non-Boussinesq effects — see the Appendix to Chapter 14 — are significant , perhaps in connection with an application such as solar granulation , Section 26.6 ) .
convection in conditions where non-boussinesq effects — see the appendix to chapter 14 — are significant , perhaps in connection with an [use] such as solar granulation , section 26.6 ) .

The majority of respondents disagreed with the application of a hardship test for the purpose of excluding all institutional and most corporate claims .
the majority of respondents disagreed with the [use] of a hardship test for the purpose of excluding all institutional and most corporate claims .

The third series of seminars was held during the period September 1990 to April 1991 and consisted of 8 presentations , covering subjects of policy interest and practical business application .
the third series of seminars was held during the period september 1990 to april 1991 and consisted of 8 presentations , covering subjects of policy interest and practical business [use] .

In our opinion the financial statements give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of The Scottish Council ( Development and Industry ) Limited as at 30 September 1991 and of the Income and Expenditure and Source and Application of Funds for the year ended on that date and are properly prepared in accordance with the Companies Act 1985 .
in our opinion the financial statements give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the scottish council ( development and industry ) limited as at 30 september 1991 and of the income and expenditure and source and [use] of funds for the year ended on that date and are properly prepared in accordance with the companies act 1985 .

Consideration of these tables , and the application of these tempos in rehearsal and performance by several ensembles , have produced at least two significant results .
consideration of these tables , and the [use] of these tempos in rehearsal and performance by several ensembles , have produced at least two significant results .

The material means of music are rationally quantifiable but not the mysteries of their application .
the material means of music are rationally quantifiable but not the mysteries of their [use] .

‘ So where should we start ? ’ he asked evenly . ‘ With the other night ? With my walk home ? With your performance as a waitress ? With your application form ? ’
‘ so where should we start ? ’ he asked evenly . ‘ with the other night ? with my walk home ? with your performance as a waitress ? with your [use] form ? ’

According to this , she was a student — the only part of the whole application , aside from her name , that had any truth to it .
according to this , she was a student — the only part of the whole [use] , aside from her name , that had any truth to it .

This application was wrong , but somehow it felt as if it would be a lot more wrong to turn Mandy in .
this [use] was wrong , but somehow it felt as if it would be a lot more wrong to turn mandy in .

’ Matthew tapped the application .
’ matthew tapped the [use] .

‘ That application is a complete work of fiction .
‘ that [use] is a complete work of fiction .

‘ It 's a very serious thing to lie on an application form . ’
‘ it 's a very serious thing to lie on an [use] form . ’

His gaze went from her face to the forged application form , then back to her face .
his gaze went from her face to the forged [use] form , then back to her face .

It was n't that she had n't been talking to Mandy , it was just that she had let her displeasure over that application be felt for an entire week now .
it was n't that she had n't been talking to mandy , it was just that she had let her displeasure over that [use] be felt for an entire week now .

‘ No application forms .
‘ no [use] forms .

Her come-back to the application dig died in her throat .
her come-back to the [use] dig died in her throat .

That damn application .
that damn [use] .

She realised they were back at her application form .
she realised they were back at her [use] form .

‘ And because of that application form , Matthew thinks that you 're just like me — that you 'll stretch the rules a bit to get what you want .
‘ and because of that [use] form , matthew thinks that you 're just like me — that you 'll stretch the rules a bit to get what you want .

‘ Matthew , Charity would never falsify an application form .
‘ matthew , charity would never falsify an [use] form .

What if Davis had denied her application , too ?
what if davis had denied her [use] , too ?

‘ Dear Miss Bishop , ’ she read aloud . ‘ After review of your credentials and your application , we are happy to offer you … ’
‘ dear miss bishop , ’ she read aloud . ‘ after review of your credentials and your [use] , we are happy to offer you … ’

Off to one side of the house stood a low whitewashed building originally used as stables and later as a garage , but which , after much industrious clearing , cleaning and the application of repeated coats of apricot-white emulsion now did duty as studio-cum-shop .
off to one side of the house stood a low whitewashed building originally used as stables and later as a garage , but which , after much industrious clearing , cleaning and the [use] of repeated coats of apricot-white emulsion now did duty as studio-cum-shop .

The application of the plate tectonics model to problems of Earth structure and topography are considered in the following two chapters and guidance to further reading will be found there .
the [use] of the plate tectonics model to problems of earth structure and topography are considered in the following two chapters and guidance to further reading will be found there .

Knowledge of these sedimentary sequences , which are now almost entirely located below sea level , has been greatly enhanced by the application of seismic stratigraphy ( see Section 4.3.1 ) .
knowledge of these sedimentary sequences , which are now almost entirely located below sea level , has been greatly enhanced by the [use] of seismic stratigraphy ( see section 4.3.1 ) .

This may be provided within the office system itself , or by automatically dropping into an appropriate application tool .
this may be provided within the office system itself , or by automatically dropping into an appropriate [use] tool .

The professional input that can make an application ‘ best ’ rather than ‘ worst ’ is complex , time-consuming and therefore expensive .
the professional input that can make an [use] ‘ best ’ rather than ‘ worst ’ is complex , time-consuming and therefore expensive .

When the product selection has been made some options for managing records may have been made impossible by the operating environment or application software .
when the product selection has been made some options for managing records may have been made impossible by the operating environment or [use] software .

In an electronic database , information appears to be a single document , form or table , when in fact it may be spread over different files , databases or in a truly distributed application , over several organisations and dispersed locations … Therefore , some of the tools developed in paper — based records management need substantial rethinking and extensions if they are to be effective in the context of electronic records management .
in an electronic database , information appears to be a single document , form or table , when in fact it may be spread over different files , databases or in a truly distributed [use] , over several organisations and dispersed locations … therefore , some of the tools developed in paper — based records management need substantial rethinking and extensions if they are to be effective in the context of electronic records management .

With the right support from application developers and computing staff , the data held in electronic laboratory notebooks would be comprehensive , credible , quality data — created and held on validated computerised systems — with an equally validated migration path and archive system .
with the right support from [use] developers and computing staff , the data held in electronic laboratory notebooks would be comprehensive , credible , quality data — created and held on validated computerised systems — with an equally validated migration path and archive system .

The project will deliver a fully specified set of Guidelines which will enable researchers in any discipline to interchange texts and datasets in machine-readable form , independently of the software or hardware in use , and also independently of the particular application for which such electronic resources are used .
the project will deliver a fully specified set of guidelines which will enable researchers in any discipline to interchange texts and datasets in machine-readable form , independently of the software or hardware in use , and also independently of the particular [use] for which such electronic resources are used .

For the majority however , there is a bewildering and highly application or culture-specific variety of high level units into which they may be divided .
for the majority however , there is a bewildering and highly [use] or culture-specific variety of high level units into which they may be divided .

Consequently , data which are collected for one particular analysis or processing application are unsuitable where they are required elsewhere for a different purpose .
consequently , data which are collected for one particular analysis or processing [use] are unsuitable where they are required elsewhere for a different purpose .

The Guidelines also require refinement and elaboration through application to real projects , including historical ones .
the guidelines also require refinement and elaboration through [use] to real projects , including historical ones .

Not only was the advent of computing perhaps rather longer and more protracted than in some other disciplines , but invariably it is the case that the very nature of computer application in history is rather different , and it is this difference that lies at the root of the oncoming problem .
not only was the advent of computing perhaps rather longer and more protracted than in some other disciplines , but invariably it is the case that the very nature of computer [use] in history is rather different , and it is this difference that lies at the root of the oncoming problem .

For productivity the substitution of the iron for the wooden plough , or even — a neglected but important development — of the scythe for the sickle , were more important than the application of steam power , which never found the basic labours of the farm congenial , since it was largely immobile .
for productivity the substitution of the iron for the wooden plough , or even — a neglected but important development — of the scythe for the sickle , were more important than the [use] of steam power , which never found the basic labours of the farm congenial , since it was largely immobile .

But in general the application of ingenuity and inventiveness to agriculture did rise strikingly .
but in general the [use] of ingenuity and inventiveness to agriculture did rise strikingly .

Both were the direct results of the application of steam to transport , since for the first time in history this made possible regular and safe journeys for large numbers of people and luggage over any kind of terrain and water .
both were the direct results of the [use] of steam to transport , since for the first time in history this made possible regular and safe journeys for large numbers of people and luggage over any kind of terrain and water .

Biology remained a long way behind the physical sciences , held back not least by the conservatism of the two major bodies of men concerned with its practical application , the farmers and especially the doctors .
biology remained a long way behind the physical sciences , held back not least by the conservatism of the two major bodies of men concerned with its practical [use] , the farmers and especially the doctors .

The application of the apparatus was often uncritical and indiscriminate .
the [use] of the apparatus was often uncritical and indiscriminate .

Keynesian economics , with its consumption function , investment function , liquidity preference schedule and the like , seemed the ideal testing ground for the application of rigorous statistical methods .
keynesian economics , with its consumption function , investment function , liquidity preference schedule and the like , seemed the ideal testing ground for the [use] of rigorous statistical methods .

He singled out for special criticism two specific objectives which had figured so prominently in the application of Keynesian ideas : ( a ) the notion that the proper focus of attention for monetary policy was the attainment of targets for the rate of interest as opposed to targets for the supply of money ; ( b ) that demand management policies could be adjusted in such a way as to achieve a target combination of inflation and unemployment which was sustainable indefinitely .
he singled out for special criticism two specific objectives which had figured so prominently in the [use] of keynesian ideas : ( a ) the notion that the proper focus of attention for monetary policy was the attainment of targets for the rate of interest as opposed to targets for the supply of money ; ( b ) that demand management policies could be adjusted in such a way as to achieve a target combination of inflation and unemployment which was sustainable indefinitely .

We shall see in what follows that the distinction between anticipated and unanticipated changes in policy instruments plays an essential role in the application of the rational expectations hypothesis to the study of macroeconomic phenomena .
we shall see in what follows that the distinction between anticipated and unanticipated changes in policy instruments plays an essential role in the [use] of the rational expectations hypothesis to the study of macroeconomic phenomena .

There is nothing in the criteria which it stipulates for rational behaviour that confines its application to a market clearing framework .
there is nothing in the criteria which it stipulates for rational behaviour that confines its [use] to a market clearing framework .

Moreover the commonly held view that the rational expectations hypothesis is the natural offspring of neoclassical and new classical economics has considerably limited the wider application of the concept of rational expectations in macroeconomic models which do not take the assumption of market clearing as their point of departure .
moreover the commonly held view that the rational expectations hypothesis is the natural offspring of neoclassical and new classical economics has considerably limited the wider [use] of the concept of rational expectations in macroeconomic models which do not take the assumption of market clearing as their point of departure .

Matters are begun by any of the other three originating processes , namely by originating application , by petition or by appeal , according to the nature of the relief sought .
matters are begun by any of the other three originating processes , namely by originating [use] , by petition or by appeal , according to the nature of the relief sought .

Proceedings begun in this way include summary proceedings for the recovery of land ( subject to the special rules in Ord 24 , rr 1 – 7 ) and those which , in the High Court , would ordinarily be commenced by originating summons , eg an application by a business tenant for a new tenancy under the Landlord and Tenant Act 1954 ( Ord 43 , r 2 ) .
proceedings begun in this way include summary proceedings for the recovery of land ( subject to the special rules in ord 24 , rr 1 – 7 ) and those which , in the high court , would ordinarily be commenced by originating summons , eg an [use] by a business tenant for a new tenancy under the landlord and tenant act 1954 ( ord 43 , r 2 ) .

The parties to proceedings begun by originating application are referred to as `` applicant `` and `` respondent `` .
the parties to proceedings begun by originating [use] are referred to as `` applicant `` and `` respondent `` .

Commencement by originating application
commencement by originating [use]

These are : ( a ) the originating application together with as many copies as there are respondents ; and ( b ) a request for the issue of the originating application ( though see under `` Preparation of documents `` above ) .
these are : ( a ) the originating [use] together with as many copies as there are respondents ; and ( b ) a request for the issue of the originating [use] ( though see under `` preparation of documents `` above ) .

Where a person claims possession of land he alleges is occupied solely by a person or persons ( not a tenant or tenants holding over ) who entered into or remained in occupation without his licence or consent or that of any predecessor in title of his , the proceedings may be brought by originating application under Ord 24 .
where a person claims possession of land he alleges is occupied solely by a person or persons ( not a tenant or tenants holding over ) who entered into or remained in occupation without his licence or consent or that of any predecessor in title of his , the proceedings may be brought by originating [use] under ord 24 .

Any persons whose names are not known to the applicant should be referred to in the application and in the title to the proceedings as `` other occupiers `` .
any persons whose names are not known to the applicant should be referred to in the [use] and in the title to the proceedings as `` other occupiers `` .

Requirements on issue are as for originating applications , save that `` petitioner `` and `` petition `` are substituted for `` applicant `` and `` ( originating ) application `` .
requirements on issue are as for originating applications , save that `` petitioner `` and `` petition `` are substituted for `` applicant `` and `` ( originating ) [use] `` .

If proceedings are commenced by the wrong originating process , eg by summons rather than by originating application , such a breach of the rules is not necessarily fatal — thecourt may set the proceedings aside or it may allow them to be amended and give such directions as it thinks fit ( Ord 37 , r 5 ) .
if proceedings are commenced by the wrong originating process , eg by summons rather than by originating [use] , such a breach of the rules is not necessarily fatal — thecourt may set the proceedings aside or it may allow them to be amended and give such directions as it thinks fit ( ord 37 , r 5 ) .

Proceedings begun by originating application or petition may be subject to specific enactments or rules , but otherwise they may be commenced in the court for the district in which the respondent or one of the respondents resides or carries on business or in which the subject matter of the application is situated , or if no respondent is named , in the court for the district in which the applicant or petitioner or one of them resides or carries on business ( Ord 4 , r 8 ) .
proceedings begun by originating [use] or petition may be subject to specific enactments or rules , but otherwise they may be commenced in the court for the district in which the respondent or one of the respondents resides or carries on business or in which the subject matter of the [use] is situated , or if no respondent is named , in the court for the district in which the applicant or petitioner or one of them resides or carries on business ( ord 4 , r 8 ) .

If the application is urgent , eg for a non-molestation injunction under the Domestic Violence and Matrimonial Proceedings Act 1976 and there is no judge sitting , the court office will say at what court there is a judge and the application may be made and heard at that court , but the more usual practice is for the application itself to be made in the court which would otherwise have been appropriate , with the papers and order being sent back to that court after the hearing .
if the [use] is urgent , eg for a non-molestation injunction under the domestic violence and matrimonial proceedings act 1976 and there is no judge sitting , the court office will say at what court there is a judge and the [use] may be made and heard at that court , but the more usual practice is for the [use] itself to be made in the court which would otherwise have been appropriate , with the papers and order being sent back to that court after the hearing .

In the case of an originating application against the Crown , the proceedings must be commenced in the court for the district in which the subject matter of the application is situated ( Ord 42 , r 2(1) ) .
in the case of an originating [use] against the crown , the proceedings must be commenced in the court for the district in which the subject matter of the [use] is situated ( ord 42 , r 2(1) ) .

Such a decision may be given on the plaintiff 's application on seven days ' notice to the Crown ( Ord 42 , r 5 ( 1 ) , ( 2 ) ) .
such a decision may be given on the plaintiff 's [use] on seven days ' notice to the crown ( ord 42 , r 5 ( 1 ) , ( 2 ) ) .

No default judgment can be entered against the Crown save by leave of the court on application on seven days ' notice ( Ord 42 , r 5 ( 4 ) ) , nor can summary judgment be given against the Crown under Ord 9 , r 14 ( Ord 42 , r 5 ( 5 ) ) .
no default judgment can be entered against the crown save by leave of the court on [use] on seven days ' notice ( ord 42 , r 5 ( 4 ) ) , nor can summary judgment be given against the crown under ord 9 , r 14 ( ord 42 , r 5 ( 5 ) ) .

Where a minor is sued for a liquidated sum , which includes the cost of repairs to a vehicle or to any property in , on , or abutting a highway ( Ord 1 , r 10 ) , the court may on the plaintiff 's application dispense with the appointment under Ord 10 , rr 6 or 7 of a guardian ( Ord 10 , r 8(1) ) .
where a minor is sued for a liquidated sum , which includes the cost of repairs to a vehicle or to any property in , on , or abutting a highway ( ord 1 , r 10 ) , the court may on the plaintiff 's [use] dispense with the appointment under ord 10 , rr 6 or 7 of a guardian ( ord 10 , r 8(1) ) .

The rule has no application if a plaintiff becomes bankrupt ( Ord 5 , r 14 ) , when s 49 of the 1984 Act will apply enabling the trustee to elect to continue and give security for the costs .
the rule has no [use] if a plaintiff becomes bankrupt ( ord 5 , r 14 ) , when s 49 of the 1984 act will apply enabling the trustee to elect to continue and give security for the costs .

For change of parties on application , see Chapter 5 .
for change of parties on [use] , see chapter 5 .

The requirements are as for an application applying for leave to issue enforcement process ( ex parte unless court orders ) with supporting affidavit .
the requirements are as for an [use] applying for leave to issue enforcement process ( ex parte unless court orders ) with supporting affidavit .

If the application affects more than one judgment , one application may be made specifying judgments in a schedule .
if the [use] affects more than one judgment , one [use] may be made specifying judgments in a schedule .

Section 38 of the 1954 Act as amended by s 5 of the Law of Property Act , 1969 provides for application to the court for the court 's approval to an agreement excluding the provisions of the Landlord and Tenant Act 1954 .
section 38 of the 1954 act as amended by s 5 of the law of property act , 1969 provides for [use] to the court for the court 's approval to an agreement excluding the provisions of the landlord and tenant act 1954 .

Such applications are made by way of joint application of the landlord and tenant , one of the parties issuing on behalf of both , supported by an affidavit exhibiting the proposed lease though local practice in some courts may not require this .
such applications are made by way of joint [use] of the landlord and tenant , one of the parties issuing on behalf of both , supported by an affidavit exhibiting the proposed lease though local practice in some courts may not require this .

These applications are not regarded as a mere formality by most courts which may require the originating application to state the grounds in proper detail , for example that the lessor may require to occupy at the expiration of the lease ; that the premises are temporarily surplus to the needs of the lessor ; that the lessee has indicated that he only requires the premises for a limited period ; that there is to be development at the expiration of the term ; that the lessor is only prepared to grant if the section is excluded ; that exclusion of the section has been taken into consideration in negotiations for the rent , or possibly that the premises form part of other premises which brings the provisions of management of the whole into question if the section is not excluded .
these applications are not regarded as a mere formality by most courts which may require the originating [use] to state the grounds in proper detail , for example that the lessor may require to occupy at the expiration of the lease ; that the premises are temporarily surplus to the needs of the lessor ; that the lessee has indicated that he only requires the premises for a limited period ; that there is to be development at the expiration of the term ; that the lessor is only prepared to grant if the section is excluded ; that exclusion of the section has been taken into consideration in negotiations for the rent , or possibly that the premises form part of other premises which brings the provisions of management of the whole into question if the section is not excluded .

It is also provided that where a person , not named as a respondent , is in occupation , the originating application and other documents may be served by affixing a copy of them to the main door or other conspicuous part , and , if practicable , inserting them through the letter box , or by placing stakes in the ground with the documents ( in a transparent sealed envelope ) attached .
it is also provided that where a person , not named as a respondent , is in occupation , the originating [use] and other documents may be served by affixing a copy of them to the main door or other conspicuous part , and , if practicable , inserting them through the letter box , or by placing stakes in the ground with the documents ( in a transparent sealed envelope ) attached .

The district judge may extend the period of four months for a further period or periods each not exceeding four months , if reasonable efforts have been made to serve the summons and provided that the application has been made before the preceding 12 months expire , or if later , in the court 's discretion ( Ord 7 , r 20 ( 2 ) ) .
the district judge may extend the period of four months for a further period or periods each not exceeding four months , if reasonable efforts have been made to serve the summons and provided that the [use] has been made before the preceding 12 months expire , or if later , in the court 's discretion ( ord 7 , r 20 ( 2 ) ) .

The application , setting out the facts , may be made by letter .
the [use] , setting out the facts , may be made by letter .

An originating application , petition or an appeal to the county court is served in accordance with the rules for a fixed date summons unless an enactment or rule otherwise provides ( Ord 3 , rr 4 ( 6 ) , 5 and 6 ( 6 ) ) .
an originating [use] , petition or an appeal to the county court is served in accordance with the rules for a fixed date summons unless an enactment or rule otherwise provides ( ord 3 , rr 4 ( 6 ) , 5 and 6 ( 6 ) ) .

The procedure for service out of jurisdiction is complex and Table 3 of the Procedural Tables at the back of Part 1 of The County Court Practice should be referred to before any application is made and where the jurisdiction of the court is involved under the Civil Jurisdiction Act 1982 .
the procedure for service out of jurisdiction is complex and table 3 of the procedural tables at the back of part 1 of the county court practice should be referred to before any [use] is made and where the jurisdiction of the court is involved under the civil jurisdiction act 1982 .

An obligation to file an answer to an originating application only arises if there is some specific provision in the rules relating to that particular application , or if the court so orders .
an obligation to file an answer to an originating [use] only arises if there is some specific provision in the rules relating to that particular [use] , or if the court so orders .

( 1 ) If the claim is for money secured by a mortgage or charge , legal or equitable , judgment may be entered only on application to the district judge on notice to the defendant ( Ord 9 , r 7 ) .
( 1 ) if the claim is for money secured by a mortgage or charge , legal or equitable , judgment may be entered only on [use] to the district judge on notice to the defendant ( ord 9 , r 7 ) .

Where the action is for unliquidated damages and the defendant delivers an admission of liability for the claim but disputes or does not admit the amount of the plaintiff 's dam ages , then : ( 1 ) if the defendant offers to pay in satisfaction of the claim a specific sum which the plaintiff accepts , the provisions of this rule shall apply as if the defendant had admitted part of the plaintiff 's claim ; and ( 2 ) in any other case , the plaintiff may apply to the court for such judgment as he may be entitled to upon the admission , and the court may give such judgment , including interlocutory judgment for damages to be assessed and costs , or make such other order on the application as it thinks just .
where the action is for unliquidated damages and the defendant delivers an admission of liability for the claim but disputes or does not admit the amount of the plaintiff 's dam ages , then : ( 1 ) if the defendant offers to pay in satisfaction of the claim a specific sum which the plaintiff accepts , the provisions of this rule shall apply as if the defendant had admitted part of the plaintiff 's claim ; and ( 2 ) in any other case , the plaintiff may apply to the court for such judgment as he may be entitled to upon the admission , and the court may give such judgment , including interlocutory judgment for damages to be assessed and costs , or make such other order on the [use] as it thinks just .

Application for such payment can be made where more than £500 is claimed or involved ( Ord 13 , r 12 ) .
[use] for such payment can be made where more than £500 is claimed or involved ( ord 13 , r 12 ) .

For this purpose " proceedings " include the hearing of any action , matter or arbitration ( Ord 16 , r 4(5) ) , the disposal of a default action , any pre-trial review or interlocutory application , proceedings for enforcement which can also be transferred under Ord 25 , r 2 and payments into court under a judgment or order .
for this purpose " proceedings " include the hearing of any action , matter or arbitration ( ord 16 , r 4(5) ) , the disposal of a default action , any pre-trial review or interlocutory [use] , proceedings for enforcement which can also be transferred under ord 25 , r 2 and payments into court under a judgment or order .

An order to transfer may be made by the court on its own motion , or on the application of any party on not less than two clear days ' notice ( Ord 16 , r 4(1) ) .
an order to transfer may be made by the court on its own motion , or on the [use] of any party on not less than two clear days ' notice ( ord 16 , r 4(1) ) .

Before dealing with the application , the judge or district judge may give the plaintiff an opportunity to make representations ( Ord 16 , r 4 ( 2 ) ) .
before dealing with the [use] , the judge or district judge may give the plaintiff an opportunity to make representations ( ord 16 , r 4 ( 2 ) ) .

Where a judge is the judge for two or more districts the judge or district judge may at any time upon application or upon his own motion direct that the hearing of proceedings pending before the judge in one court shall take place in some other court of which he is the judge .
where a judge is the judge for two or more districts the judge or district judge may at any time upon [use] or upon his own motion direct that the hearing of proceedings pending before the judge in one court shall take place in some other court of which he is the judge .

The court may , at any time , on application or on its own motion order that any money invested as funds in court under Ord 10 , r 11 ( 1 ) ( `` infants ' settlements `` ) be transferred to another county court ( Ord 16 , r 5 ) .
the court may , at any time , on [use] or on its own motion order that any money invested as funds in court under ord 10 , r 11 ( 1 ) ( `` infants ' settlements `` ) be transferred to another county court ( ord 16 , r 5 ) .

Application can be made by letter .
[use] can be made by letter .

Such submissions must be made at the pretrial review or preliminary consideration , or on application under Ord 9 , r 14 where more than £1,000 is claimed .
such submissions must be made at the pretrial review or preliminary consideration , or on [use] under ord 9 , r 14 where more than £1,000 is claimed .

If an order for costs or additional costs is required to be made , the time for applying is when an application is made for payment out of court .
if an order for costs or additional costs is required to be made , the time for applying is when an [use] is made for payment out of court .

Application for payment out may be made on the return day , or it may be made earlier by application on notice .
[use] for payment out may be made on the return day , or it may be made earlier by [use] on notice .

On issue the place , date and time of hearing are completed by the court and , unless service is to be effected by the court , a copy of the application duly sealed will be available for service to be effected by the party issuing the application .
on issue the place , date and time of hearing are completed by the court and , unless service is to be effected by the court , a copy of the [use] duly sealed will be available for service to be effected by the party issuing the [use] .

If made ex parte , the application must be filed a reasonable time before the hearing subject to the power of the court to hear applications at any time .
if made ex parte , the [use] must be filed a reasonable time before the hearing subject to the power of the court to hear applications at any time .

All applications , unless the judge otherwise directs or unless it be an `` excepted application `` , shall be made to the district judge .
all applications , unless the judge otherwise directs or unless it be an `` excepted [use] `` , shall be made to the district judge .

Where applications are made on notice : ( a ) notice is to be served on the opposite party and filed in the court not less than two days before the hearing , unless the court gives leave for short notice ; and ( b ) the party making the application is responsible for ascertaining that the court will be available to hear the application and that sufficient time will be available .
where applications are made on notice : ( a ) notice is to be served on the opposite party and filed in the court not less than two days before the hearing , unless the court gives leave for short notice ; and ( b ) the party making the [use] is responsible for ascertaining that the court will be available to hear the [use] and that sufficient time will be available .

Where the application is made to the district judge he may , if in doubt as to the proper order to be made , refer the application to the judge forthwith or at the next convenient opportunity , and the judge may hear the application and make such order as may be just or may refer it back to the district judge with directions .
where the [use] is made to the district judge he may , if in doubt as to the proper order to be made , refer the [use] to the judge forthwith or at the next convenient opportunity , and the judge may hear the [use] and make such order as may be just or may refer it back to the district judge with directions .

The costs of an interlocutory application are not taxed until the general taxation of the costs of the action or matter , unless the court otherwise orders .
the costs of an interlocutory [use] are not taxed until the general taxation of the costs of the action or matter , unless the court otherwise orders .

Certain ex parte applications are required to be made by affidavit , in which case the affidavit itself suffices as the application .
certain ex parte applications are required to be made by affidavit , in which case the affidavit itself suffices as the [use] .

The court as a condition of granting any application may impose such terms and conditions as it thinks fit , including the giving of security , the giving of an undertaking , payment of money into court ( sic ) , payment of all or any part of the costs of the proceedings , or the giving of a power of re-entry ( Ord 13 , r 1 ( 8 ) and Ord 22 , r 9 ) ) .
the court as a condition of granting any [use] may impose such terms and conditions as it thinks fit , including the giving of security , the giving of an undertaking , payment of money into court ( sic ) , payment of all or any part of the costs of the proceedings , or the giving of a power of re-entry ( ord 13 , r 1 ( 8 ) and ord 22 , r 9 ) ) .

The court may upon application or of its own motion adjourn or advance the date of hearing of any proceeding .
the court may upon [use] or of its own motion adjourn or advance the date of hearing of any proceeding .

Adjournment is discretional , and whilst this must , of course , be exercised judicially , courts in general expect good reason to be shown before an adjournment will be granted , and will , in particular , consider if the opponent to an application will be prejudiced .
adjournment is discretional , and whilst this must , of course , be exercised judicially , courts in general expect good reason to be shown before an adjournment will be granted , and will , in particular , consider if the opponent to an [use] will be prejudiced .

An application to restore an action to the list for hearing after being adjourned generally ( `` sine die `` is synonymous ) is usually made by letter of which a copy should be sent to all other parties .
an [use] to restore an action to the list for hearing after being adjourned generally ( `` sine die `` is synonymous ) is usually made by letter of which a copy should be sent to all other parties .

As well as the procedure of giving directions on the pre-trial review , the court may on the application on notice of any party , or of its own motion , give directions at any time ( Ord 13 , r 2 ) .
as well as the procedure of giving directions on the pre-trial review , the court may on the [use] on notice of any party , or of its own motion , give directions at any time ( ord 13 , r 2 ) .

The court may treat the hearing of an application where no pre-trial date has been fixed as a pre-trial review ( Ord 13 , r 2(4) ) , and can be requested to do so .
the court may treat the hearing of an [use] where no pre-trial date has been fixed as a pre-trial review ( ord 13 , r 2(4) ) , and can be requested to do so .

The criteria for an Order for Consolidation , which may be made on application or by the court , are the same as for joinder of parties , viz a common question of law or fact , the relief sought arises out of the same transaction , or , `` it is desirable `` for `` some other reason `` .
the criteria for an order for consolidation , which may be made on [use] or by the court , are the same as for joinder of parties , viz a common question of law or fact , the relief sought arises out of the same transaction , or , `` it is desirable `` for `` some other reason `` .

Application for dismissal for want of prosecution may be brought on grounds of default in complying with an order , or for inordinate delay prejudicing the opposing party in having a fair trial .
[use] for dismissal for want of prosecution may be brought on grounds of default in complying with an order , or for inordinate delay prejudicing the opposing party in having a fair trial .

Application may be made only in default actions and where the claim exceeds £500 and the defendant has delivered at the court office a document purporting to be a defence ; the application is for judgment on the grounds that notwithstanding the delivery of that document , the defendant has no defence ( Ord 9 , r 14 ) .
[use] may be made only in default actions and where the claim exceeds £500 and the defendant has delivered at the court office a document purporting to be a defence ; the [use] is for judgment on the grounds that notwithstanding the delivery of that document , the defendant has no defence ( ord 9 , r 14 ) .

If the party against whom discovery is sought does not comply with the notice , application may be made to the district judge for an order by lodging an application with copy for service , but application is more frequently made during the pre-trial review under Ord 17 , or at the preliminary arbitration hearing .
if the party against whom discovery is sought does not comply with the notice , [use] may be made to the district judge for an order by lodging an [use] with copy for service , but [use] is more frequently made during the pre-trial review under ord 17 , or at the preliminary arbitration hearing .

The application for such an order is to be made on notice ( Ord 13 , r 5 ) .
the [use] for such an order is to be made on notice ( ord 13 , r 5 ) .

On an application to strike out , no evidence is to be tendered .
on an [use] to strike out , no evidence is to be tendered .

Application under Ord 10 , r 10 is for approval of a compromise or settlement on behalf of a minor .
[use] under ord 10 , r 10 is for approval of a compromise or settlement on behalf of a minor .

Importantly , no settlement figure is given in the application , commonly heard before the registrar , but the facts will be set out in an affidavit , and medical reports , if relevant , and counsel 's opinion if taken , should be available to be shown to the court .
importantly , no settlement figure is given in the [use] , commonly heard before the registrar , but the facts will be set out in an affidavit , and medical reports , if relevant , and counsel 's opinion if taken , should be available to be shown to the court .

If the court does not feel entirely satisfied , it may adjourn the application for the parties to be given further opportunity to negotiate .
if the court does not feel entirely satisfied , it may adjourn the [use] for the parties to be given further opportunity to negotiate .

( 2 ) Subject to para ( 3 ) ( below ) , the parties must make discovery by serving lists of documents and ; ( a ) subject to sub-para ( c ) , each party must make and serve on every other party a list of documents which are or have been in his possession , custody or power relating to any matter in question between them in the action ; ( b ) the court may , on application ; ( i ) order that discovery under this paragraph shall be limited to such documents or classes of documents only , or as to such only of the matters in question , as may be specified in the order , or ( ii ) if satisfied that discovery by all or any of the parties is not necessary , order that there shall be no discovery of documents by any or all of the parties ; and the court shall make such an order if and so far as it is of opinion that discovery is not necessary either for disposing fairly of the action or for saving costs ; ( c ) where liability is admitted or in an action for personal injuries arising out of a road accident , discovery shall be limited to disclosure of any documents relating to the amount of damages ; ( d ) the provisions of Ord 14 of these rules relating to inspection of documents shall apply where discovery is made under this paragraph as it applies where discovery is made under that Order .
( 2 ) subject to para ( 3 ) ( below ) , the parties must make discovery by serving lists of documents and ; ( a ) subject to sub-para ( c ) , each party must make and serve on every other party a list of documents which are or have been in his possession , custody or power relating to any matter in question between them in the action ; ( b ) the court may , on [use] ; ( i ) order that discovery under this paragraph shall be limited to such documents or classes of documents only , or as to such only of the matters in question , as may be specified in the order , or ( ii ) if satisfied that discovery by all or any of the parties is not necessary , order that there shall be no discovery of documents by any or all of the parties ; and the court shall make such an order if and so far as it is of opinion that discovery is not necessary either for disposing fairly of the action or for saving costs ; ( c ) where liability is admitted or in an action for personal injuries arising out of a road accident , discovery shall be limited to disclosure of any documents relating to the amount of damages ; ( d ) the provisions of ord 14 of these rules relating to inspection of documents shall apply where discovery is made under this paragraph as it applies where discovery is made under that order .

Such notice might also be given in an originating application under s 17 of the Married Women 's Property Act 1882 .
such notice might also be given in an originating [use] under s 17 of the married women 's property act 1882 .

The requirements are : ( a ) form of application and copy for plaintiff ; ( b ) third party notice for filing with court and copy for service with application ; ( c ) addressed envelope if by post .
the requirements are : ( a ) form of [use] and copy for plaintiff ; ( b ) third party notice for filing with court and copy for service with [use] ; ( c ) addressed envelope if by post .

An order may be made , on application , for the joinder of another party or parties on the basis that common questions arise , the relief sought is in respect of the same transaction , or it is desirable to make the order ( Ord 5 , r 2 ) .
an order may be made , on [use] , for the joinder of another party or parties on the basis that common questions arise , the relief sought is in respect of the same transaction , or it is desirable to make the order ( ord 5 , r 2 ) .

If the application to amend is only made at the hearing , if it will prejudice the opposing party , especially if it shifts the burden of proof it may be disallowed ( see Emin v Mustapha ( 1982 ) The Times , 24 October ) .
if the [use] to amend is only made at the hearing , if it will prejudice the opposing party , especially if it shifts the burden of proof it may be disallowed ( see emin v mustapha ( 1982 ) the times , 24 october ) .

In its discretion , the court may , on application , correct any irregularity , by setting aside proceedings , by amendment or otherwise ( Ord 37 , r 5 ) .
in its discretion , the court may , on [use] , correct any irregularity , by setting aside proceedings , by amendment or otherwise ( ord 37 , r 5 ) .

Application of High Court rules
[use] of high court rules

Order 1 , r 6 seems an otiose provision to the effect that the application of s 76 of the Act does not extend the respective jurisdictions of judge and district judge .
order 1 , r 6 seems an otiose provision to the effect that the [use] of s 76 of the act does not extend the respective jurisdictions of judge and district judge .

Order 16 , r 9 ( as revised ) made important changes to the rules on transfer and requires that : ( 1 ) the grounds of an application for transfer be stated by reference to the criteria in art 7 ( 5 ) ; and ( 2 ) all applications ( whether or not based on `` financial substance `` ) be supported by a statement of value .
order 16 , r 9 ( as revised ) made important changes to the rules on transfer and requires that : ( 1 ) the grounds of an [use] for transfer be stated by reference to the criteria in art 7 ( 5 ) ; and ( 2 ) all applications ( whether or not based on `` financial substance `` ) be supported by a statement of value .

Although a statement need only indicate whether or not the value exceeds £25,000 , an applicant for transfer may wish to be more specific and bolster an application for transfer by a statement showing that the case also falls within the upper regions of county court jurisdiction .
although a statement need only indicate whether or not the value exceeds £25,000 , an applicant for transfer may wish to be more specific and bolster an [use] for transfer by a statement showing that the case also falls within the upper regions of county court jurisdiction .

Any application for transfer to the High Court ( other than family business ) must set out the grounds upon which the application is made by reference to the criteria .
any [use] for transfer to the high court ( other than family business ) must set out the grounds upon which the [use] is made by reference to the criteria .

The application is to be supported by a statement showing whether or not the value of the action exceeds the sum for the time being specified in art 7 ( 3 ) of the Order , and shall be on notice stating the grounds of the application ( Ord 16 , r 9 ( 2 ) ) — See above .
the [use] is to be supported by a statement showing whether or not the value of the action exceeds the sum for the time being specified in art 7 ( 3 ) of the order , and shall be on notice stating the grounds of the [use] ( ord 16 , r 9 ( 2 ) ) — see above .

In such cases the district judge may on application or on his own motion rescind the reference if satisfied that : ( 1 ) a difficult question of law or a question of fact and exceptional complexity is involved ; or ( 2 ) a charge of fraud is in issue ; or ( 3 ) the parties are agreed that the dispute should be tried in open court ; or ( 4 ) it would be unreasonable for the claim to proceed to arbitration having regard to ( a ) its subject matter , ( for example that an injunction is also claimed — an injunction can not , so it seems , be granted on the hearing of an arbitration ) , ( b ) or the size of any counterclaim , ( c ) the circumstances of the parties , or ( d ) the interests of any other person likely to be affected by the award ( Ord 19 , r 2(4) ) .
in such cases the district judge may on [use] or on his own motion rescind the reference if satisfied that : ( 1 ) a difficult question of law or a question of fact and exceptional complexity is involved ; or ( 2 ) a charge of fraud is in issue ; or ( 3 ) the parties are agreed that the dispute should be tried in open court ; or ( 4 ) it would be unreasonable for the claim to proceed to arbitration having regard to ( a ) its subject matter , ( for example that an injunction is also claimed — an injunction can not , so it seems , be granted on the hearing of an arbitration ) , ( b ) or the size of any counterclaim , ( c ) the circumstances of the parties , or ( d ) the interests of any other person likely to be affected by the award ( ord 19 , r 2(4) ) .

Additionally , where sums in excess of £1,000 are involved , reference to arbitration may be made on application in the request or particulars of claim , the defence or counterclaim , or an application under Ord 13 , r 1 ( Ord 19 , r 2 ( 1 ) , and ( 2 ) ) .
additionally , where sums in excess of £1,000 are involved , reference to arbitration may be made on [use] in the request or particulars of claim , the defence or counterclaim , or an [use] under ord 13 , r 1 ( ord 19 , r 2 ( 1 ) , and ( 2 ) ) .

Additional matters may be included in the reference later , on application to the court ( Ord 19 , r 3 ) .
additional matters may be included in the reference later , on [use] to the court ( ord 19 , r 3 ) .

An outside arbitrator may be appointed only on application ( Ord 19 , r 2(2) , ( 3 ) ) and with consent ( Ord 19 , r 2(5) ( d ) ) .
an outside arbitrator may be appointed only on [use] ( ord 19 , r 2(2) , ( 3 ) ) and with consent ( ord 19 , r 2(5) ( d ) ) .

Application to set aside must be made to the judge ( s 64 ( 4 ) of the 1984 Act ) save under Term No 5 when it may be made to the arbitrator himself .
[use] to set aside must be made to the judge ( s 64 ( 4 ) of the 1984 act ) save under term no 5 when it may be made to the arbitrator himself .

The application must be on notice , should give the grounds , and be served within fourteen days after the day on which the award was entered as a judgment ( Ord 37 , r 7 ) .
the [use] must be on notice , should give the grounds , and be served within fourteen days after the day on which the award was entered as a judgment ( ord 37 , r 7 ) .

After receiving notice of discontinuance a party may , unless the court on the application of a plaintiff otherwise orders , lodge for taxation a bill of costs incurred by him before the receipt of the notice , or , if the proceedings are not wholly discontinued , his costs incurred before the receipt of the notice in relation to the part discontinued ( Ord 18 , r 2 ( 1 ) ) .
after receiving notice of discontinuance a party may , unless the court on the [use] of a plaintiff otherwise orders , lodge for taxation a bill of costs incurred by him before the receipt of the notice , or , if the proceedings are not wholly discontinued , his costs incurred before the receipt of the notice in relation to the part discontinued ( ord 18 , r 2 ( 1 ) ) .

If the costs allowed on taxation are not paid within 14 days after taxation upon application ( Ord 22 , r 5 ) , judgment may be entered for them together with the costs of entering such judgment .
if the costs allowed on taxation are not paid within 14 days after taxation upon [use] ( ord 22 , r 5 ) , judgment may be entered for them together with the costs of entering such judgment .

Application for leave is usually made at the pre-trial review .
[use] for leave is usually made at the pre-trial review .

The district judge may enter judgment for mesne profits accrued after the hearing on application supported if he so requires , by affidavit .
the district judge may enter judgment for mesne profits accrued after the hearing on [use] supported if he so requires , by affidavit .

Where the person applying for a Certificate of Judgment is not a party , he must state in writing with particulars the purpose for which he requires the Certificate of Judgment and the capacity in which he applies and must satisfy the district judge that the application may properly be granted .
where the person applying for a certificate of judgment is not a party , he must state in writing with particulars the purpose for which he requires the certificate of judgment and the capacity in which he applies and must satisfy the district judge that the [use] may properly be granted .

The district judge may refer the application to the judge ( Ord 22 , r 8 ( 2 ) ) .
the district judge may refer the [use] to the judge ( ord 22 , r 8 ( 2 ) ) .

However , where there has been a contested hearing and : ( 1 ) a money judgment payable in one lump sum is ordered , the debt is registered only when the judgment creditor takes steps to enforce it , or issues an oral examination ; ( 2 ) a money judgment ( payable in one lump sum or by instalments ) including an order for costs to be taxed is entered , registration is effected on completion of taxation ; ( 3 ) an application for new trial has been made or an appeal lodged with the Court of Appeal , registration is effected when the new trial ( if ordered ) or appeal have been disposed of .
however , where there has been a contested hearing and : ( 1 ) a money judgment payable in one lump sum is ordered , the debt is registered only when the judgment creditor takes steps to enforce it , or issues an oral examination ; ( 2 ) a money judgment ( payable in one lump sum or by instalments ) including an order for costs to be taxed is entered , registration is effected on completion of taxation ; ( 3 ) an [use] for new trial has been made or an appeal lodged with the court of appeal , registration is effected when the new trial ( if ordered ) or appeal have been disposed of .

The district judge may determine a dispute as to payment on application on notice on payment of a fee to the court where satisfaction was made ( see Table of Fees ) .
the district judge may determine a dispute as to payment on [use] on notice on payment of a fee to the court where satisfaction was made ( see table of fees ) .

The application shall state the proposed terms , the grounds on which it is made and include a signed statement of the debtor 's means .
the [use] shall state the proposed terms , the grounds on which it is made and include a signed statement of the debtor 's means .

The proper officer then sends copies of the application and affidavit to the creditor , who is to give reasons for objecting within 14 days , failing which , an order is made by the proper officer in the terms asked ; the proper officer still adjudicates ( the staff have means guidelines ) even if objection is taken , until the creditor , within 14 days of such adjudication , asks for reconsideration , when , the proceedings being transferred to the debtor 's home court , the application is finally determined by the district judge .
the proper officer then sends copies of the [use] and affidavit to the creditor , who is to give reasons for objecting within 14 days , failing which , an order is made by the proper officer in the terms asked ; the proper officer still adjudicates ( the staff have means guidelines ) even if objection is taken , until the creditor , within 14 days of such adjudication , asks for reconsideration , when , the proceedings being transferred to the debtor 's home court , the [use] is finally determined by the district judge .

Where , however , the plaintiff objects to the suspension of the warrant on any terms , the application will be listed before the district judge .
where , however , the plaintiff objects to the suspension of the warrant on any terms , the [use] will be listed before the district judge .

Where execution of a warrant or variation of a district judge 's order is concerned , application is to be made to the district judge , and in the case of variation of a judge 's order to the judge ( Order 49 , r 6 ; order in Form 32 ( 4 ) ) .
where execution of a warrant or variation of a district judge 's order is concerned , [use] is to be made to the district judge , and in the case of variation of a judge 's order to the judge ( order 49 , r 6 ; order in form 32 ( 4 ) ) .

Application to vary the order itself is made to the circuit judge or to the district judge according to who made the possession order .
[use] to vary the order itself is made to the circuit judge or to the district judge according to who made the possession order .

Effect of application for rehearing , setting aside or appeal
effect of [use] for rehearing , setting aside or appeal

The court may in such circumstances give an early hearing or order execution to proceed notwithstanding the application ( Moore v Registrar of Lambeth County Court , above ) .
the court may in such circumstances give an early hearing or order execution to proceed notwithstanding the [use] ( moore v registrar of lambeth county court , above ) .

In cases of breach of repairing covenants where three years or more of the lease remain unexpired a preliminary application for leave under s 1(3) of the Leasehold Property ( Repairs ) Act 1938 will be necessary before an action for forfeiture may be commenced .
in cases of breach of repairing covenants where three years or more of the lease remain unexpired a preliminary [use] for leave under s 1(3) of the leasehold property ( repairs ) act 1938 will be necessary before an action for forfeiture may be commenced .

Application for revocation of an order for committal of the debtor under s 23 ( 7 ) of the Attachment of Earnings Act 1971 must be made to the judge ex parte in writing explaining the reason for failure to attend court or refusing to be sworn or to give evidence , and undertaking to comply in future ( Ord 27 , r 8 ( 2 ) ) .
[use] for revocation of an order for committal of the debtor under s 23 ( 7 ) of the attachment of earnings act 1971 must be made to the judge ex parte in writing explaining the reason for failure to attend court or refusing to be sworn or to give evidence , and undertaking to comply in future ( ord 27 , r 8 ( 2 ) ) .

Application is made to the judge ( Ord 28 ; r 4 ; Ord 27 , r 8 ( 2 ) — ( 4 ) ) .
[use] is made to the judge ( ord 28 ; r 4 ; ord 27 , r 8 ( 2 ) — ( 4 ) ) .

For committals under the Attachment of Earnings Act , application is to be made to the judge ( Ord 27 , r 8(2) , ( 3 ) , ( 4 ) ) .
for committals under the attachment of earnings act , [use] is to be made to the judge ( ord 27 , r 8(2) , ( 3 ) , ( 4 ) ) .

The application must state the grounds of the application and should be made to the judge or district judge who tried the proceedings and ( save with leave ) not more than 14 days after the trial and on not less than seven clear days ' notice to the opposite party .
the [use] must state the grounds of the [use] and should be made to the judge or district judge who tried the proceedings and ( save with leave ) not more than 14 days after the trial and on not less than seven clear days ' notice to the opposite party .

Unless otherwise ordered , any money in court is retained until the application has been heard ( Ord 37 , r 1 ( 6 ) ) .
unless otherwise ordered , any money in court is retained until the [use] has been heard ( ord 37 , r 1 ( 6 ) ) .

The principles upon which a new trial is granted are set out in notes to Ord 37 , r 1 in The County Court Practice ( no application to jury trials — see Ord 37 , r 1(1) ) .
the principles upon which a new trial is granted are set out in notes to ord 37 , r 1 in the county court practice ( no [use] to jury trials — see ord 37 , r 1(1) ) .

Any judgment or order made against a party in his absence , ie where he does not appear at the hearing and a judgment or order is made against him , `` may `` be set aside , and if on the facts a refusal would involve a miscarriage of justice , the judge `` must `` grant the application — See Note `` Discretion to set aside `` under Ord 37 , r 2 ) .
any judgment or order made against a party in his absence , ie where he does not appear at the hearing and a judgment or order is made against him , `` may `` be set aside , and if on the facts a refusal would involve a miscarriage of justice , the judge `` must `` grant the [use] — see note `` discretion to set aside `` under ord 37 , r 2 ) .

The application is made to the judge if the judgment or order was given or made by the judge and , if not , to the district judge ( Ord 37 , r 2 ) .
the [use] is made to the judge if the judgment or order was given or made by the judge and , if not , to the district judge ( ord 37 , r 2 ) .

It appears that the application need not necessarily be made to the judge or district judge by whom the judgment or order was made ( cf Ord 37 , r 1 ( 2 ) ) .
it appears that the [use] need not necessarily be made to the judge or district judge by whom the judgment or order was made ( cf ord 37 , r 1 ( 2 ) ) .

Furthermore , the judgment court can transfer the application once made to the defendant 's court for hearing under Ord 16 , r 1 ( c ) .
furthermore , the judgment court can transfer the [use] once made to the defendant 's court for hearing under ord 16 , r 1 ( c ) .

Where judgment is entered in default under Ord 9 , r 6 the court may on application , or if its own motion , set aside or vary the judgment ( Ord 37 , r 4 ) .
where judgment is entered in default under ord 9 , r 6 the court may on [use] , or if its own motion , set aside or vary the judgment ( ord 37 , r 4 ) .

Where the defendant makes application , it will be subject to automatic transfer if the court where judgment is entered is not the defendant 's home court .
where the defendant makes [use] , it will be subject to automatic transfer if the court where judgment is entered is not the defendant 's home court .

Application must be made on not less than two days ' notice .
[use] must be made on not less than two days ' notice .

The application must be made on notice and must state the objections .
the [use] must be made on notice and must state the objections .

Such an application shall be refused unless made within a reasonable time and will not be granted where the party applying has taken any step in the proceedings after knowledge of the irregularity .
such an [use] shall be refused unless made within a reasonable time and will not be granted where the party applying has taken any step in the proceedings after knowledge of the irregularity .

Application to set aside an award must be made within 14 days after the award was entered as a judgment .
[use] to set aside an award must be made within 14 days after the award was entered as a judgment .

Grounds must be stated in the application ( Ord 37 , r 7 and see notes under `` Arbitrations `` — Chapter 13 ) .
grounds must be stated in the [use] ( ord 37 , r 7 and see notes under `` arbitrations `` — chapter 13 ) .

1.33 Similarly , even before proceedings are commenced application can be made to the court under s33 ( 1 ) of the Supreme Court Act 1981 or s52 ( 1 ) of the County Courts Act 1984 for an order for the inspection , photographing , custody or detention of property or for the taking of samples .
1.33 similarly , even before proceedings are commenced [use] can be made to the court under s33 ( 1 ) of the supreme court act 1981 or s52 ( 1 ) of the county courts act 1984 for an order for the inspection , photographing , custody or detention of property or for the taking of samples .

He no longer has to enter a conditional appearance , since that practice was abolished when acknowledgements of service were introduced , but must file his acknowledgement and give notice of intention to defend and then issue his application to set aside service and the renewal order within 14 days .
he no longer has to enter a conditional appearance , since that practice was abolished when acknowledgements of service were introduced , but must file his acknowledgement and give notice of intention to defend and then issue his [use] to set aside service and the renewal order within 14 days .

The time limit for an application for interim payment is any time after the plaintiff has served his writ and the time for acknowledgement of service has expired .
the time limit for an [use] for interim payment is any time after the plaintiff has served his writ and the time for acknowledgement of service has expired .

1.55 The summons and supporting affidavit should be served together ten clear days before the return date ( Ord 29 , r10 ) ( seven days before the hearing of the application in a county court ) .
1.55 the summons and supporting affidavit should be served together ten clear days before the return date ( ord 29 , r10 ) ( seven days before the hearing of the [use] in a county court ) .

The affidavit must verify that the defendant falls within the categories in Ord 29 , r11 ( 2 ) and the amount of the damages to which the application relates and contain enough information to enable the master or district judge to reach a preliminary valuation of the claim ( because he has got to order a part of it to be paid to the plaintiff ) .
the affidavit must verify that the defendant falls within the categories in ord 29 , r11 ( 2 ) and the amount of the damages to which the [use] relates and contain enough information to enable the master or district judge to reach a preliminary valuation of the claim ( because he has got to order a part of it to be paid to the plaintiff ) .

1.56 If it is a fatal accident case , full details of the dependants and the loss of dependency up to the date of the application must be included .
1.56 if it is a fatal accident case , full details of the dependants and the loss of dependency up to the date of the [use] must be included .

Those calculations might be out of date by the time the application is made .
those calculations might be out of date by the time the [use] is made .

Indeed , if he tries to deal with the application on that basis the affidavit may be considered defective and the application may fail .
indeed , if he tries to deal with the [use] on that basis the affidavit may be considered defective and the [use] may fail .

1.57 There are three grounds for defending the application .
1.57 there are three grounds for defending the [use] .

1.59 The third ground for defending an application is that the defendant from whom the interim payment is sought is not a person who appears to the court to fall within one of the categories listed in Ord 29 , r11(2) , namely : ( a ) a person who is insured in respect of the plaintiff 's claim ; ( b ) a public authority ; or ( c ) a person whose means and resources are such as to enable him to make the interim payment .
1.59 the third ground for defending an [use] is that the defendant from whom the interim payment is sought is not a person who appears to the court to fall within one of the categories listed in ord 29 , r11(2) , namely : ( a ) a person who is insured in respect of the plaintiff 's claim ; ( b ) a public authority ; or ( c ) a person whose means and resources are such as to enable him to make the interim payment .

In practice , if the application succeeds special damages up to the anticipated date of trial will certainly be awarded .
in practice , if the [use] succeeds special damages up to the anticipated date of trial will certainly be awarded .

It is uncertain whether an application for extension of time can possibly be made once an action has been automatically struck out .
it is uncertain whether an [use] for extension of time can possibly be made once an action has been automatically struck out .

1.73 In a medical negligence case , where a summons for directions is necessary an application for a direction in relation to expert evidence should ordinarily be made at the hearing of the summons for directions ( see 1993 White Book , para 38/36/1 ) .
1.73 in a medical negligence case , where a summons for directions is necessary an [use] for a direction in relation to expert evidence should ordinarily be made at the hearing of the summons for directions ( see 1993 white book , para 38/36/1 ) .

This provision has most application in the area of whole agreement ( or entire agreement ) clauses which limit the bounds of the relationship of the parties to the particular contract in question .
this provision has most [use] in the area of whole agreement ( or entire agreement ) clauses which limit the bounds of the relationship of the parties to the particular contract in question .

In these circumstances , s 3 has no application , and the parties ( subject to the caveats surrounding the exclusion of liability for death , personal injury and other loss caused by negligence , as regulated under s 2 ) are free to make whatever bargain as to liability for breach , non-performance or failure to perform as they choose .
in these circumstances , s 3 has no [use] , and the parties ( subject to the caveats surrounding the exclusion of liability for death , personal injury and other loss caused by negligence , as regulated under s 2 ) are free to make whatever bargain as to liability for breach , non-performance or failure to perform as they choose .

This is of course because the party seeking protection is not dealing on the other party 's standard terms and conditions and the section can therefore have no application .
this is of course because the party seeking protection is not dealing on the other party 's standard terms and conditions and the section can therefore have no [use] .

The most difficult point about this section is that its application is necessarily limited to goods `` of a type ordinarily supplied for private use or consumption `` by the operation of s 12 ( 1 ) ( c ) .
the most difficult point about this section is that its [use] is necessarily limited to goods `` of a type ordinarily supplied for private use or consumption `` by the operation of s 12 ( 1 ) ( c ) .

In Precedent 2 there are two such special clauses which are , however , felt to be of some general application .
in precedent 2 there are two such special clauses which are , however , felt to be of some general [use] .

The latter consists of an ordinary annual contribution of £215 ( for 1991 – 92 ) where the solicitor has stated in his application that he has ( during the past practising year ) held or received clients ' money .
the latter consists of an ordinary annual contribution of £215 ( for 1991 – 92 ) where the solicitor has stated in his [use] that he has ( during the past practising year ) held or received clients ' money .

Where the application properly contains no such statement , the fee is £150 .
where the [use] properly contains no such statement , the fee is £150 .

By s12 of the Solicitors Act , the Law Society is given discretion to grant or refuse an application for a practising certificate in the following cases : ( 1 ) a first application ; ( 2 ) an application by a solicitor who has never held an unconditional certificate since admission ; ( 3 ) where 12 months or more will have elapsed since a practising certificate was last held ; ( 4 ) after the disciplinary tribunal has ordered a penalty or costs against the applicant or delivered a reprimand ; ( 5 ) after failure by the applicant to offer sufficient explanation for his or her professional conduct after being called upon so to do ; ( 6 ) after failure to deliver an accountant 's report in due time ( and an additional fee will be payable if the discretion is not invoked to refuse the application ) ; ( 7 ) after the expiry of a period of suspension ; ( 8 ) after the name of the applicant who has been struck off is restored to the roll ; ( 9 ) while the applicant is an undischarged bankrupt ; ( 10 ) after the applicant 's discharge from bankruptcy or after the applicant has entered into a composition or deed of arrangement for the benefit of his creditors ; ( 11 ) while the applicant is a patient as defined by s94 of the Mental Health Act 1983 or a person as to whom powers have been exercised under s104 of the Mental Health Act 1959 or s98 of the 1983 Act ; ( 12 ) where the applicant has received a sentence of imprisonment ; ( 13 ) where the applicant has failed to satisfy a money judgment against him or her which is not a judgment limited to costs and which is not a judgment in respect of which indemnity or relief from some other person is available .
by s12 of the solicitors act , the law society is given discretion to grant or refuse an [use] for a practising certificate in the following cases : ( 1 ) a first [use] ; ( 2 ) an [use] by a solicitor who has never held an unconditional certificate since admission ; ( 3 ) where 12 months or more will have elapsed since a practising certificate was last held ; ( 4 ) after the disciplinary tribunal has ordered a penalty or costs against the applicant or delivered a reprimand ; ( 5 ) after failure by the applicant to offer sufficient explanation for his or her professional conduct after being called upon so to do ; ( 6 ) after failure to deliver an accountant 's report in due time ( and an additional fee will be payable if the discretion is not invoked to refuse the [use] ) ; ( 7 ) after the expiry of a period of suspension ; ( 8 ) after the name of the applicant who has been struck off is restored to the roll ; ( 9 ) while the applicant is an undischarged bankrupt ; ( 10 ) after the applicant 's discharge from bankruptcy or after the applicant has entered into a composition or deed of arrangement for the benefit of his creditors ; ( 11 ) while the applicant is a patient as defined by s94 of the mental health act 1983 or a person as to whom powers have been exercised under s104 of the mental health act 1959 or s98 of the 1983 act ; ( 12 ) where the applicant has received a sentence of imprisonment ; ( 13 ) where the applicant has failed to satisfy a money judgment against him or her which is not a judgment limited to costs and which is not a judgment in respect of which indemnity or relief from some other person is available .

Indemnity insurance At the same time as applying for replacement of his practising certificate a solicitor must satisfy the Law Society ( by attaching to his application a copy of the form of evidence issued and stamped by London Insurance Brokers Ltd ) that he has complied with the provisions of the Solicitors ' Indemnity Rules 1991 or that he is exempt from so doing .
indemnity insurance at the same time as applying for replacement of his practising certificate a solicitor must satisfy the law society ( by attaching to his [use] a copy of the form of evidence issued and stamped by london insurance brokers ltd ) that he has complied with the provisions of the solicitors ' indemnity rules 1991 or that he is exempt from so doing .

Whilst this section is confined in its application to acts expressly authorised to be done on behalf of a firm , the general law of agency will continue to attach liability to the firm for the unauthorised acts of its employees when those acts are within the course of their normal or apparent activities for the firm .
whilst this section is confined in its [use] to acts expressly authorised to be done on behalf of a firm , the general law of agency will continue to attach liability to the firm for the unauthorised acts of its employees when those acts are within the course of their normal or apparent activities for the firm .

This is especially relevant when a partner leaves on bad terms , but has a general application as well .
this is especially relevant when a partner leaves on bad terms , but has a general [use] as well .

Even though the application of common sense will almost always ensure that no breach occurs , it will pay even small firms to detail one of the partners or a senior employee to vet all publicity material to ensure its compliance with these rules and regulations .
even though the [use] of common sense will almost always ensure that no breach occurs , it will pay even small firms to detail one of the partners or a senior employee to vet all publicity material to ensure its compliance with these rules and regulations .

The possible application of r6 of the Solicitors Practice Rules 1990 should not be forgotten .
the possible [use] of r6 of the solicitors practice rules 1990 should not be forgotten .

Both arbitration and litigation have an independent existence beyond any specific application , because they can be used very widely for all kinds of dispute resolution .
both arbitration and litigation have an independent existence beyond any specific [use] , because they can be used very widely for all kinds of dispute resolution .

Land valuation is the most traditional application of expert determination , and rent review is now by far the most common instance of the procedure as applied to land valuation and , indeed , to any subject-matter .
land valuation is the most traditional [use] of expert determination , and rent review is now by far the most common instance of the procedure as applied to land valuation and , indeed , to any subject-matter .

2.1.1 Most traditional and important application
2.1.1 most traditional and important [use]

This chapter explains : ( 1 ) the application of expert determination to the valuation of shares in private companies ( 3.2 ) ; ( 2 ) that the procedure usually depends on the articles of association ( 3.3 ) ; ( 3 ) that the experts are usually the company 's auditors ( 3.4 ) ; ( 4 ) the effect of the auditors being obliged to determine the " fair value " of shares ( 3.5 ) ; ( 5 ) the effect of specific valuation instructions ( 3.6 ) ; ( 6 ) the special position where a minority shareholder petitions for winding-up ( 3.7 ) .
this chapter explains : ( 1 ) the [use] of expert determination to the valuation of shares in private companies ( 3.2 ) ; ( 2 ) that the procedure usually depends on the articles of association ( 3.3 ) ; ( 3 ) that the experts are usually the company 's auditors ( 3.4 ) ; ( 4 ) the effect of the auditors being obliged to determine the " fair value " of shares ( 3.5 ) ; ( 5 ) the effect of specific valuation instructions ( 3.6 ) ; ( 6 ) the special position where a minority shareholder petitions for winding-up ( 3.7 ) .

This application of the expert procedure is in fairly common usage .
this [use] of the expert procedure is in fairly common usage .

The assessment of the relative `` equities `` of the parties depends on an understanding of the geology of the site and the engineering technicalities of extracting the oil and/or gas , and the application to that information of an agreed method of calculation .
the assessment of the relative `` equities `` of the parties depends on an understanding of the geology of the site and the engineering technicalities of extracting the oil and/or gas , and the [use] to that information of an agreed method of calculation .

If the parties are unable to agree on the precise application of the method of calculation to the information derived from the drilling and production , the dispute may be referred by the agreement to an expert to determine .
if the parties are unable to agree on the precise [use] of the method of calculation to the information derived from the drilling and production , the dispute may be referred by the agreement to an expert to determine .

One application of expert determination where the expert is the agent of one party only is in land transactions between vendor and purchaser or landlord and tenant .
one [use] of expert determination where the expert is the agent of one party only is in land transactions between vendor and purchaser or landlord and tenant .

Without that provision , either the appointing authority will have to be persuaded to act and the other party persuaded to drop its objections , or an application would have to be made to the court for a declaration as to whether the reference should proceed .
without that provision , either the appointing authority will have to be persuaded to act and the other party persuaded to drop its objections , or an [use] would have to be made to the court for a declaration as to whether the reference should proceed .

There may be an advantage in laying down a procedure where the application is novel , and/or the parties believe that a particular approach is necessary and that if it is not stipulated an expert is likely to follow some other undesired procedure .
there may be an advantage in laying down a procedure where the [use] is novel , and/or the parties believe that a particular approach is necessary and that if it is not stipulated an expert is likely to follow some other undesired procedure .

That the court has inherent discretionary jurisdiction to clarify the expert clause was stated in Royal Trust International Ltd v Nordbanken ( 1989 ) unreported , Chancery Division , 13 October : … there may well be cases in which it is appropriate in the interests of the expert as well as the party [ making the application to the court ] that there should be an advance determination of law or construction which will form the basis of the expert 's approach to his task .
that the court has inherent discretionary jurisdiction to clarify the expert clause was stated in royal trust international ltd v nordbanken ( 1989 ) unreported , chancery division , 13 october : … there may well be cases in which it is appropriate in the interests of the expert as well as the party [ making the [use] to the court ] that there should be an advance determination of law or construction which will form the basis of the expert 's approach to his task .

9.2.2 Appointment of a firm or company more common in commercial application
9.2.2 appointment of a firm or company more common in commercial [use]

This chapter : ( 1 ) describes how an expert is appointed , either by the parties or by a professional body ( 10.2 ) ; ( 2 ) explains the problems created by the absence of effective appointment machinery independent of the parties ( 10.3 ) ; ( 3 ) shows how an appointment may be invalid ( 10.4 ) ; ( 4 ) provides a list of appointing authorities with figures for some of their rates of appointments ( 10.5 ) ; ( 5 ) outlines procedures for making an application to an appointing authority ( 10.6 ) ; ( 6 ) shows that the court will not help parties obstruct appointments ( 10.7 ) ; ( 7 ) considers the difficulties that can arise from perceived conflicts of interest ( 10.8 ) .
this chapter : ( 1 ) describes how an expert is appointed , either by the parties or by a professional body ( 10.2 ) ; ( 2 ) explains the problems created by the absence of effective appointment machinery independent of the parties ( 10.3 ) ; ( 3 ) shows how an appointment may be invalid ( 10.4 ) ; ( 4 ) provides a list of appointing authorities with figures for some of their rates of appointments ( 10.5 ) ; ( 5 ) outlines procedures for making an [use] to an appointing authority ( 10.6 ) ; ( 6 ) shows that the court will not help parties obstruct appointments ( 10.7 ) ; ( 7 ) considers the difficulties that can arise from perceived conflicts of interest ( 10.8 ) .

10.6 Application to the appointing authority
10.6 [use] to the appointing authority

With most of these bodies an application by letter will be sufficient , but the letter should take care to set out the request in a convenient way .
with most of these bodies an [use] by letter will be sufficient , but the letter should take care to set out the request in a convenient way .

10.6.2 Application forms and fees
10.6.2 [use] forms and fees

An application for a declaration can accompany any of the
an [use] for a declaration can accompany any of the

There is no formal hearing and no oral evidence : the documents consist of an application form , a claim form and a defence , each accompanied by copies of relevant documents such as the contract and correspondence , and the claimant 's comments on the defence : it is on the basis of those documents that the arbitrator then makes his award : see Rutherford at 53.1 .
there is no formal hearing and no oral evidence : the documents consist of an [use] form , a claim form and a defence , each accompanied by copies of relevant documents such as the contract and correspondence , and the claimant 's comments on the defence : it is on the basis of those documents that the arbitrator then makes his award : see rutherford at 53.1 .

The application will take several months ( or longer ) to come on for hearing .
the [use] will take several months ( or longer ) to come on for hearing .

Even if the application is dismissed , the tenant 's tenancy will continue for a further three months plus time for appeal , which is currently four weeks .
even if the [use] is dismissed , the tenant 's tenancy will continue for a further three months plus time for appeal , which is currently four weeks .

Moreover , except by consent , the court can not make an order for possession against the tenant in the application ; so that if the tenant refuses to leave at the expiry date of his tenancy , the landlord will be compelled to take fresh proceedings against him .
moreover , except by consent , the court can not make an order for possession against the tenant in the [use] ; so that if the tenant refuses to leave at the expiry date of his tenancy , the landlord will be compelled to take fresh proceedings against him .

However , this may be resisted by the landlord since the tenant , if he is protected by the Landlord and Tenant Act 1954 , may remain in occupation of the demised property even after the expiry of a break notice , pending an application to the court for a new tenancy .
however , this may be resisted by the landlord since the tenant , if he is protected by the landlord and tenant act 1954 , may remain in occupation of the demised property even after the expiry of a break notice , pending an [use] to the court for a new tenancy .

There is , nowadays , little reason for the tenant to seek to incorporate an option to renew in his lease unless by reason of his bargaining strength he can secure that the rent payable under the new lease will be lower than that which would be fixed by the court on an application for a new tenancy under the 1954 Act .
there is , nowadays , little reason for the tenant to seek to incorporate an option to renew in his lease unless by reason of his bargaining strength he can secure that the rent payable under the new lease will be lower than that which would be fixed by the court on an [use] for a new tenancy under the 1954 act .

Example 3:11 Option to renew ( 1 ) The tenant may by notice in writing served not less than six months before the date on which the term hereby granted is expressed to expire call upon the landlord for a further lease of the demised property ( `` the further lease `` ) provided that up to that date he has paid the rent and reasonably performed and observed his covenants ( 2 ) The further lease shall be for a term of ten years from the said date upon the same terms and conditions as this lease ( save as to rent and as to this option for renewal ) and at a rent to be agreed between the parties or in default of agreement to be determined by a single arbitrator to be appointed by the President for the time being of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors ( 3 ) In determining the rent payable under the further lease the arbitrator shall have the same powers as would be enjoyed by the court determining a rent for the demised property under section 34 of the Landlord and Tenant Act 1954 and shall disregard the same matters as are therein specified ( 4 ) This option shall be of no effect if the tenant fails to register it as an estate contract within three months from the date of this lease Example 3:12 Option to renew contracted out tenancy If : ( 1 ) the tenant wishes to take a further tenancy of the demised property for a term of five years from the expiry date of the term hereby created ; and ( 2 ) the tenant gives written notice of his desire to the landlord not more than six nor less than three months before the expiry of the term ; and ( 3 ) up to the date of the notice the tenant has paid the rent and substantially performed his covenants ; and ( 4 ) the tenant joins with the landlord in making an application to the court for an order authorising the exclusion of the provisions of ss24-28 of the Landlord and Tenant Act 1954 in relation to the further tenancy ; and ( 5 ) the court makes such an order then the landlord shall let the demised property to the tenant for a term of five years from the expiry of the term hereby created at a rent to be agreed between the parties or in default of agreement to be determined by arbitration and otherwise upon the terms of this lease ( except this option for renewal ) Example 3:13 Clause negativing perpetual renewal Nothing in this clause shall entitle the tenant to renew the tenancy for any term expiring more than twenty years after the beginning of the term of this lease
example 3:11 option to renew ( 1 ) the tenant may by notice in writing served not less than six months before the date on which the term hereby granted is expressed to expire call upon the landlord for a further lease of the demised property ( `` the further lease `` ) provided that up to that date he has paid the rent and reasonably performed and observed his covenants ( 2 ) the further lease shall be for a term of ten years from the said date upon the same terms and conditions as this lease ( save as to rent and as to this option for renewal ) and at a rent to be agreed between the parties or in default of agreement to be determined by a single arbitrator to be appointed by the president for the time being of the royal institution of chartered surveyors ( 3 ) in determining the rent payable under the further lease the arbitrator shall have the same powers as would be enjoyed by the court determining a rent for the demised property under section 34 of the landlord and tenant act 1954 and shall disregard the same matters as are therein specified ( 4 ) this option shall be of no effect if the tenant fails to register it as an estate contract within three months from the date of this lease example 3:12 option to renew contracted out tenancy if : ( 1 ) the tenant wishes to take a further tenancy of the demised property for a term of five years from the expiry date of the term hereby created ; and ( 2 ) the tenant gives written notice of his desire to the landlord not more than six nor less than three months before the expiry of the term ; and ( 3 ) up to the date of the notice the tenant has paid the rent and substantially performed his covenants ; and ( 4 ) the tenant joins with the landlord in making an [use] to the court for an order authorising the exclusion of the provisions of ss24-28 of the landlord and tenant act 1954 in relation to the further tenancy ; and ( 5 ) the court makes such an order then the landlord shall let the demised property to the tenant for a term of five years from the expiry of the term hereby created at a rent to be agreed between the parties or in default of agreement to be determined by arbitration and otherwise upon the terms of this lease ( except this option for renewal ) example 3:13 clause negativing perpetual renewal nothing in this clause shall entitle the tenant to renew the tenancy for any term expiring more than twenty years after the beginning of the term of this lease

The purpose of doing so is to attempt to obtain for the landlord a higher rent than would be awarded by the court on an application for an interim rent under s24A of the Landlord and Tenant Act 1954 .
the purpose of doing so is to attempt to obtain for the landlord a higher rent than would be awarded by the court on an [use] for an interim rent under s24a of the landlord and tenant act 1954 .

The application of the rule in the case of financial loss presents no conceptual difficulty , although in practice the exercise may prove to be complicated . ``
the [use] of the rule in the case of financial loss presents no conceptual difficulty , although in practice the exercise may prove to be complicated . ``

The effect of the Landlord and Tenant Act 1988 , however , is to impose a statutory duty on the landlord to consider an application for consent to assign `` within a reasonable time `` .
the effect of the landlord and tenant act 1988 , however , is to impose a statutory duty on the landlord to consider an [use] for consent to assign `` within a reasonable time `` .

The landlord may be liable to the vendor in damages if the vendor suffers loss through the landlord 's unreasonable delay in considering the application .
the landlord may be liable to the vendor in damages if the vendor suffers loss through the landlord 's unreasonable delay in considering the [use] .

If the Secretary of State has considered a proposed merger and made a decision as to clearance or otherwise in respect of it a fee will also be payable even if no application for clearance has been made .
if the secretary of state has considered a proposed merger and made a decision as to clearance or otherwise in respect of it a fee will also be payable even if no [use] for clearance has been made .

The collapse of the Soviet system has resulted in the replacement of pesticides with biological control , with no significant decline in yields , according to Dr Graham Matthews , director of the International Pesticides Application Research Centre at Imperial College in London , who recently visited the area .
the collapse of the soviet system has resulted in the replacement of pesticides with biological control , with no significant decline in yields , according to dr graham matthews , director of the international pesticides [use] research centre at imperial college in london , who recently visited the area .

The application follows years of pressure from environmentalists , concerned at Korea 's prominent role in the illegal trade in endangered wildlife products .
the [use] follows years of pressure from environmentalists , concerned at korea 's prominent role in the illegal trade in endangered wildlife products .

The extensive rescue operation involved the tanker being towed further out to sea , the use of powerful water cannons to cool the hull and the application of anti-flame foam .
the extensive rescue operation involved the tanker being towed further out to sea , the use of powerful water cannons to cool the hull and the [use] of anti-flame foam .

Plantations have very little biological diversity , and some of the fastest growing ones , such as eucalyptus , may require the application of fertilizer and pesticides , and impoverish the soil by leaching out its nutrients .
plantations have very little biological diversity , and some of the fastest growing ones , such as eucalyptus , may require the [use] of fertilizer and pesticides , and impoverish the soil by leaching out its nutrients .

Orimulsion application on hold
orimulsion [use] on hold

The application was made by National Power .
the [use] was made by national power .

An application for the construction of Britain 's first underground waste repository for low-level and intermediate nuclear waste is unlikely to be made before 1998 , Nirex , the nuclear waste disposal company , has announced .
an [use] for the construction of britain 's first underground waste repository for low-level and intermediate nuclear waste is unlikely to be made before 1998 , nirex , the nuclear waste disposal company , has announced .

Following the successful application , Nuclear Electric , the government-owned nuclear power generating company , is expected to apply for similar extensions to more of its seven ageing Magnox plants .
following the successful [use] , nuclear electric , the government-owned nuclear power generating company , is expected to apply for similar extensions to more of its seven ageing magnox plants .

Many water companies are now considering the introduction of controls on use , including the application of Drought Orders , under which a range of " inessential " uses can be banned .
many water companies are now considering the introduction of controls on use , including the [use] of drought orders , under which a range of " inessential " uses can be banned .

Environmental commissioner Ioannis Paleokrassas announced that a special committee had been set up to carry out impact assessments on the application of regional and structural funds , and that a timetable would be drawn up for the implementation of the " Fifth Action programme for the environment " — a legislative framework for the future .
environmental commissioner ioannis paleokrassas announced that a special committee had been set up to carry out impact assessments on the [use] of regional and structural funds , and that a timetable would be drawn up for the implementation of the " fifth action programme for the environment " — a legislative framework for the future .

Norwegian goldmining company Ecuanor has cancelled its application to regain the mining concession it held in Ecuador 's Podocarpus National Park .
norwegian goldmining company ecuanor has cancelled its [use] to regain the mining concession it held in ecuador 's podocarpus national park .

The explosion was the latest in a series of accidents at Hoechst plants , and Environment Minister Klaus Töpfer called for tougher application of safety controls enforced by the state inspectorate .
the explosion was the latest in a series of accidents at hoechst plants , and environment minister klaus töpfer called for tougher [use] of safety controls enforced by the state inspectorate .

The Environment Secretary , Michael Heseltine , has refused an application for the construction of a toxic waste incinerator near Doncaster in South Yorkshire , because of the threat it poses to water supplies .
the environment secretary , michael heseltine , has refused an [use] for the construction of a toxic waste incinerator near doncaster in south yorkshire , because of the threat it poses to water supplies .

This method is the first of its kind , and the ministry is considering developing it for commercial application .
this method is the first of its kind , and the ministry is considering developing it for commercial [use] .

The report advocates the following amendments : i ) a national policy for fish farming ; ii ) the extension of planning control to marine fish farms ; iii ) the adoption of a " duty of care for the environment " by fish farmers ; iv ) the introduction of a system for monitoring the effects of fish farming ; v ) the introduction of mandatory environmental assessments for all fish farming applications ; and vi ) the application of statutory status to Marine Conservation Areas to protect sensitive zones from the worst effects of fish farming .
the report advocates the following amendments : i ) a national policy for fish farming ; ii ) the extension of planning control to marine fish farms ; iii ) the adoption of a " duty of care for the environment " by fish farmers ; iv ) the introduction of a system for monitoring the effects of fish farming ; v ) the introduction of mandatory environmental assessments for all fish farming applications ; and vi ) the [use] of statutory status to marine conservation areas to protect sensitive zones from the worst effects of fish farming .

The Conservative government of Harold Macmillan responded with various novel proposals , including indicative economic planning and an application to join the European Economic Community .
the conservative government of harold macmillan responded with various novel proposals , including indicative economic planning and an [use] to join the european economic community .

The second basis for our natural incredulity about the evolution of very complex organs like human eyes and bat ears is an intuitive application of probability theory .
the second basis for our natural incredulity about the evolution of very complex organs like human eyes and bat ears is an intuitive [use] of probability theory .

Rosenbrock objects to the `` automated manual `` type of system since it represents as he says `` loss of nerve , a loss of belief in human ability and a further unthinking application of the doctrine of the `` division of labour `` .
rosenbrock objects to the `` automated manual `` type of system since it represents as he says `` loss of nerve , a loss of belief in human ability and a further unthinking [use] of the doctrine of the `` division of labour `` .

Our sample appears to confirm that collective bargaining practice has followed the initial approach of union policy in giving little weight to the less quantifiable changes in working conditions from application of new technology and systems , especially in job design and its effects on the quality of working life .
our sample appears to confirm that collective bargaining practice has followed the initial approach of union policy in giving little weight to the less quantifiable changes in working conditions from [use] of new technology and systems , especially in job design and its effects on the quality of working life .

The application of microelectronics to regulate the use of energy is , likewise , being depicted by this country 's government as a manifestation of progress since it involves harnessing advanced technology to promote efficient consumption .
the [use] of microelectronics to regulate the use of energy is , likewise , being depicted by this country 's government as a manifestation of progress since it involves harnessing advanced technology to promote efficient consumption .

Biotechnology is `` the integrated use of biochemistry , microbiology and engineering sciences in order to achieve the technological ( industrial ) application of the capabilities of micro-organisms , cultured tissue cells , and parts thereof `` .
biotechnology is `` the integrated use of biochemistry , microbiology and engineering sciences in order to achieve the technological ( industrial ) [use] of the capabilities of micro-organisms , cultured tissue cells , and parts thereof `` .

Figure 2 summarises the main areas of application of biotechnology ( Smith , 1981 ) .
figure 2 summarises the main areas of [use] of biotechnology ( smith , 1981 ) .

Precisely because we are forced , in order to model these relations , into defining design activity as it takes place in its real context — that of the social — and do not attempt to abstract it , to isolate it from these relations , we find we build a model of designing that has surprising efficacy in application to questions of design method .
precisely because we are forced , in order to model these relations , into defining design activity as it takes place in its real context — that of the social — and do not attempt to abstract it , to isolate it from these relations , we find we build a model of designing that has surprising efficacy in [use] to questions of design method .

But embedded voices and ambiguous modes of focalisation are not particular to narrative fiction , and the analytical techniques derived from linguistics for literary stylistics and narratology may be borrowed back for application to non-literary discourses with all the added explanatory power that such interdisciplinary sabbaticals can achieve .
but embedded voices and ambiguous modes of focalisation are not particular to narrative fiction , and the analytical techniques derived from linguistics for literary stylistics and narratology may be borrowed back for [use] to non-literary discourses with all the added explanatory power that such interdisciplinary sabbaticals can achieve .

Mary 's nobles detested her insolent consort almost as much as she did and , either from genuine loyalty to her or in devious application of their own power politics , conspired to remove him .
mary 's nobles detested her insolent consort almost as much as she did and , either from genuine loyalty to her or in devious [use] of their own power politics , conspired to remove him .

The primary aim of the Youth Training Programme has always been to provide training with a strong emphasis on the application of skills .
the primary aim of the youth training programme has always been to provide training with a strong emphasis on the [use] of skills .

Filling in application forms
filling in [use] forms

If you would like to know more about successful job hunting , including writing letters of application and interviews , ask for Jobhunt Booklet No 1 — ‘ Get that Job ’ . ’
if you would like to know more about successful job hunting , including writing letters of [use] and interviews , ask for jobhunt booklet no 1 — ‘ get that job ’ . ’

Say FoE transport campaigner Roger Higman , ‘ Dozens more schemes could be hit by the argument over the application of the date alone .
say foe transport campaigner roger higman , ‘ dozens more schemes could be hit by the argument over the [use] of the date alone .

The interpretation and application of the Bible 's teaching poses many problems , and Christians may legitimately differ in their interpretation at some points .
the interpretation and [use] of the bible 's teaching poses many problems , and christians may legitimately differ in their interpretation at some points .

They reach behind right actions to right motives , and their application may differ from person to person according to circumstances .
they reach behind right actions to right motives , and their [use] may differ from person to person according to circumstances .

His desk application was poor , but his recreations were semi-political .
his desk [use] was poor , but his recreations were semi-political .

He had a few weeks to bask in the glow of this last electoral achievement , weeks that were only a little marred by the unpleasantness of Cabinet changes and the difficulties of moving towards a decision on the application of the oil sanction against Italy .
he had a few weeks to bask in the glow of this last electoral achievement , weeks that were only a little marred by the unpleasantness of cabinet changes and the difficulties of moving towards a decision on the [use] of the oil sanction against italy .

Nor does the failure of New Harmony , as of other villages of co-operation , allow the conclusion that the idea of common ownership is misconceived ; and that its application elsewhere — as in many of the new wave of industrial co-operatives in the United Kingdom — is likely to prove mistaken .
nor does the failure of new harmony , as of other villages of co-operation , allow the conclusion that the idea of common ownership is misconceived ; and that its [use] elsewhere — as in many of the new wave of industrial co-operatives in the united kingdom — is likely to prove mistaken .

Thus , Chartism was the eldest surviving child of Owenism ; and the six points of the People 's Charter brought into sharper focus , and as a realisable political objective within the given constitutional framework , the expectations of most of those who had earlier looked , if not for the re-creation of man on Owen 's visionary model , at least for a rapid and general application of co-operative practice as the means to a better life : who had , in short , looked for the reconstruction of the state as an industrial democracy .
thus , chartism was the eldest surviving child of owenism ; and the six points of the people 's charter brought into sharper focus , and as a realisable political objective within the given constitutional framework , the expectations of most of those who had earlier looked , if not for the re-creation of man on owen 's visionary model , at least for a rapid and general [use] of co-operative practice as the means to a better life : who had , in short , looked for the reconstruction of the state as an industrial democracy .

And the most complete cure , the structural cure , is the adoption in manufacturing and service industry of that form of organisation which extends the application of democratic principle into industry ; which , by offering as of right equality of esteem , reward related to participation and responsibilities which go with ultimate authority , appeals to self-respect and self-discipline : the adoption , in short , of the industrial co-operative form .
and the most complete cure , the structural cure , is the adoption in manufacturing and service industry of that form of organisation which extends the [use] of democratic principle into industry ; which , by offering as of right equality of esteem , reward related to participation and responsibilities which go with ultimate authority , appeals to self-respect and self-discipline : the adoption , in short , of the industrial co-operative form .

Where in 1931 early Fabian economics , with its ‘ impregnable ’ theory of rent , had no answer either to the crisis or the problem , in the twenty-five years from 1945 the application by Governments of Keynesian principles led to an unprecedented creation of wealth and a remarkable rise in living standards .
where in 1931 early fabian economics , with its ‘ impregnable ’ theory of rent , had no answer either to the crisis or the problem , in the twenty-five years from 1945 the [use] by governments of keynesian principles led to an unprecedented creation of wealth and a remarkable rise in living standards .

And it can not be said that that is the union 's business as of generally recognised right to decide , or to share in deciding , that application .
and it can not be said that that is the union 's business as of generally recognised right to decide , or to share in deciding , that [use] .

That is , in effect , to argue that the market , left alone , has determined that the application of resources to the creation of wealth is better undertaken by the conventional form .
that is , in effect , to argue that the market , left alone , has determined that the [use] of resources to the creation of wealth is better undertaken by the conventional form .

Part One of the book examines the modern application of the pacta tertiis rule .
part one of the book examines the modern [use] of the pacta tertiis rule .

For example , the International Committee of the Red Cross has an interest in monitoring the application of the Geneva Conventions and Protocols , and the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees is in a similar situation with respect to the Refugee Conventions .
for example , the international committee of the red cross has an interest in monitoring the [use] of the geneva conventions and protocols , and the united nations high commissioner for refugees is in a similar situation with respect to the refugee conventions .

Examples are plentiful : an individual defending an extradition application in a municipal court is a third party to the extradition treaty between the requesting State and the State of detention ; the crew of a fishing vessel arrested for illegal activities within another State 's exclusive economic zone are third parties to agreements delimiting fishing zones ; individuals claiming refugee status rely upon the terms of the Refugee Treaty .
examples are plentiful : an individual defending an extradition [use] in a municipal court is a third party to the extradition treaty between the requesting state and the state of detention ; the crew of a fishing vessel arrested for illegal activities within another state 's exclusive economic zone are third parties to agreements delimiting fishing zones ; individuals claiming refugee status rely upon the terms of the refugee treaty .

Problems that can not be solved by simple application of treaty principles are excluded .
problems that can not be solved by simple [use] of treaty principles are excluded .

In the absence of any third party judicial or administrative procedure the parties can ignore a defect supposedly invalidating a treaty , and continue to regard the treaty as valid ; the concept of absolute invalidity has little practical application in treaty law .
in the absence of any third party judicial or administrative procedure the parties can ignore a defect supposedly invalidating a treaty , and continue to regard the treaty as valid ; the concept of absolute invalidity has little practical [use] in treaty law .

In all these cases there is no guidance as to their application , or indication as to the procedures for establishing the necessary facts , or upon whom the burden of proof lies .
in all these cases there is no guidance as to their [use] , or indication as to the procedures for establishing the necessary facts , or upon whom the burden of proof lies .

In Vernicos Shipping Co v. United States 217 the application of the Brussels Convention on State Immunity between Greece ( a party ) and the United States ( a non-party ) was considered .
in vernicos shipping co v. united states 217 the [use] of the brussels convention on state immunity between greece ( a party ) and the united states ( a non-party ) was considered .

The Convention allowed for application to non-parties on the basis of reciprocity .
the convention allowed for [use] to non-parties on the basis of reciprocity .

It has been argued that the ‘ package deal ’ nature of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea further strengthens the argument against its selective application .
it has been argued that the ‘ package deal ’ nature of the united nations convention on the law of the sea further strengthens the argument against its selective [use] .

On the one hand , ordered development of international law requires wide treaty participation and flexibility , both in allowing third parties to become associated with treaties and in the application of treaties to third States ; on the other hand , State sovereignty , equality , independence , and the need for the effective implementation of treaties militate against any imposition of rights and obligations through majority preference .
on the one hand , ordered development of international law requires wide treaty participation and flexibility , both in allowing third parties to become associated with treaties and in the [use] of treaties to third states ; on the other hand , state sovereignty , equality , independence , and the need for the effective implementation of treaties militate against any imposition of rights and obligations through majority preference .

Upper Silesia is best considered through application of the usual principles relating to the conferring of benefits upon third parties ; the question is then whether the allies intended to confer benefits upon Poland , and whether they in fact did so .
upper silesia is best considered through [use] of the usual principles relating to the conferring of benefits upon third parties ; the question is then whether the allies intended to confer benefits upon poland , and whether they in fact did so .

Alternatively third party rights in this context could be seen as a particular application of general international law : that State practice of both the treaty States and third parties has been that the canals are open for international navigation , and that there is sufficient opinio juris ( demonstrated by protest to any closure ) to support the view that there is a customary international law of transit through each canal despite their treaty origins .
alternatively third party rights in this context could be seen as a particular [use] of general international law : that state practice of both the treaty states and third parties has been that the canals are open for international navigation , and that there is sufficient opinio juris ( demonstrated by protest to any closure ) to support the view that there is a customary international law of transit through each canal despite their treaty origins .

The need for a special provision , its likely application , and the interests it would serve were all discussed .
the need for a special provision , its likely [use] , and the interests it would serve were all discussed .

Even a turn of phrase could affect her , however worn and faded in its application , and one of her mother 's favourite sayings `` What ca n't be cured must be endured , `` never failed to give her a certain thrill , partly because of the grim inevitability of the rhyme , and partly because it almost managed to lend a little spare dignity to her mother 's stoic outlook .
even a turn of phrase could affect her , however worn and faded in its [use] , and one of her mother 's favourite sayings `` what ca n't be cured must be endured , `` never failed to give her a certain thrill , partly because of the grim inevitability of the rhyme , and partly because it almost managed to lend a little spare dignity to her mother 's stoic outlook .

The planes therefore seem to have a real application to the teaching of woodwork in schools — always assuming the survival of a traditional craft approach under today 's educational policies .
the planes therefore seem to have a real [use] to the teaching of woodwork in schools — always assuming the survival of a traditional craft approach under today 's educational policies .

The fact that the Minister of the Colonies had to examine each application personally suggests a degree of caution that verged on the obsessive .
the fact that the minister of the colonies had to examine each [use] personally suggests a degree of caution that verged on the obsessive .

Nevertheless , sex is n't just a matter of the body and recent emphasis on the successes of Masters and Johnson type techniques , 8 may result in incautious application of their techniques by the unknowledgeable .
nevertheless , sex is n't just a matter of the body and recent emphasis on the successes of masters and johnson type techniques , 8 may result in incautious [use] of their techniques by the unknowledgeable .

Despite this precision — or sometimes because of it — the application of statute to the individual case is often unclear , or legal principles may arise which make its interpretation in relation to the facts of particular cases difficult .
despite this precision — or sometimes because of it — the [use] of statute to the individual case is often unclear , or legal principles may arise which make its interpretation in relation to the facts of particular cases difficult .

The wording of the various statutes in these areas is often quite difficult to interpret , while the changing climate of public opinion concerning sex makes application of the law a necessarily fluid matter in relation to its implication under changing circumstances .
the wording of the various statutes in these areas is often quite difficult to interpret , while the changing climate of public opinion concerning sex makes [use] of the law a necessarily fluid matter in relation to its implication under changing circumstances .

Sexual compatibility itself figured low in the order of such attributes — Gorer feels that a satisfactory sexual life is frequently taken for granted — but the application of those named to sexual considerations is clear .
sexual compatibility itself figured low in the order of such attributes — gorer feels that a satisfactory sexual life is frequently taken for granted — but the [use] of those named to sexual considerations is clear .

Inspired probably by the continuing ill-feeling towards himself , Gurney had attempted to leave the Grammar School by applying for the Mastership of Wellington College early in 1855 , but the Goldsmiths declined to supply a testimonial of his conduct until he had given up his post , and his application therefore lapsed .
inspired probably by the continuing ill-feeling towards himself , gurney had attempted to leave the grammar school by applying for the mastership of wellington college early in 1855 , but the goldsmiths declined to supply a testimonial of his conduct until he had given up his post , and his [use] therefore lapsed .

In April they decided to devote no more than £10 , in addition to the income from bequests , for prizes , and to make a `` direct and formal `` application to the Goldsmiths for some assistance .
in april they decided to devote no more than £10 , in addition to the income from bequests , for prizes , and to make a `` direct and formal `` [use] to the goldsmiths for some assistance .

`` that it is desirable that before anything is done as to interfere in the internal arrangement of the School , that application be made to the Goldsmiths ' Company for an additional grant . ``
`` that it is desirable that before anything is done as to interfere in the internal arrangement of the school , that [use] be made to the goldsmiths ' company for an additional grant . ``

As before , we now employ g in a Newton-Raphson application to improve the accuracy of any given approximate eigenvalue .
as before , we now employ g in a newton-raphson [use] to improve the accuracy of any given approximate eigenvalue .

( We shall also take Halliday 's model as our example of pluralism , because its application to language , and in particular to grammar , has been worked out in considerable detail . )
( we shall also take halliday 's model as our example of pluralism , because its [use] to language , and in particular to grammar , has been worked out in considerable detail . )

The application of systematic thinking to , for instance , the courses offered by the Open University has resulted in the production of syllabuses , learning methods and study materials which are not only of extremely high quality but are profoundly influencing the approach of teachers and administrators all over the world and at many levels of educational activity .
the [use] of systematic thinking to , for instance , the courses offered by the open university has resulted in the production of syllabuses , learning methods and study materials which are not only of extremely high quality but are profoundly influencing the approach of teachers and administrators all over the world and at many levels of educational activity .

For this purpose the existence of the multiple varieties of communication media , and the emergence of professionals skilled in the application of these media to particular problems and occasions , are major advantages and despite persistent grass.roots suspicion there is plenty of evidence that teachers at some stage or other in their careers are ready to experiment and take advice .
for this purpose the existence of the multiple varieties of communication media , and the emergence of professionals skilled in the [use] of these media to particular problems and occasions , are major advantages and despite persistent grass.roots suspicion there is plenty of evidence that teachers at some stage or other in their careers are ready to experiment and take advice .

Application of the principle will secure a consistent approach .
[use] of the principle will secure a consistent approach .

Be consistent in the application of your priorities .
be consistent in the [use] of your priorities .

They put short-term expediency and selfish interest before the application of high principles .
they put short-term expediency and selfish interest before the [use] of high principles .

Openness and honesty involves the application of clear accountability and is the hallmark of any successful organization .
openness and honesty involves the [use] of clear accountability and is the hallmark of any successful organization .

The unsolicited recruitment application is a prospect .
the unsolicited recruitment [use] is a prospect .

The application of such an idea would certainly select out a countable set of circles whose rotatory motions correspond precisely to the right multiple of the angular momentum quantum .
the [use] of such an idea would certainly select out a countable set of circles whose rotatory motions correspond precisely to the right multiple of the angular momentum quantum .

With the increase of tension between universal education and differential provision , the special qualities of the new English ( under the hegemony of English literature ) for securing the sense of a common culture while at the same time being suited to differential application across the range of educational sectors , caused the Board to look very kindly on the fledgling discipline and to give a great deal of support to its advancement in schools .
with the increase of tension between universal education and differential provision , the special qualities of the new english ( under the hegemony of english literature ) for securing the sense of a common culture while at the same time being suited to differential [use] across the range of educational sectors , caused the board to look very kindly on the fledgling discipline and to give a great deal of support to its advancement in schools .

One approach was to attempt to revise the idea of a liberal education so that it might provide guidance as to the proper application of science within society .
one approach was to attempt to revise the idea of a liberal education so that it might provide guidance as to the proper [use] of science within society .

Credo-Bit ‘ 92 was the first conference to be devoted to the application of computers to theology and the Church .
credo-bit ‘ 92 was the first conference to be devoted to the [use] of computers to theology and the church .

In addition to address details , each profile includes the type of aid given , fields of interest , and details of application procedure .
in addition to address details , each profile includes the type of aid given , fields of interest , and details of [use] procedure .

It seemed inevitable that application for export licences would be made for most of these , given the unlikelihood of purchase within Britain .
it seemed inevitable that [use] for export licences would be made for most of these , given the unlikelihood of purchase within britain .

The first thing to note is that there is a distinction between ‘ judicial review ’ which is the subject of this chapter , and the so-called ‘ application for judicial review ’ which is dealt with in Chapter 5 .
the first thing to note is that there is a distinction between ‘ judicial review ’ which is the subject of this chapter , and the so-called ‘ [use] for judicial review ’ which is dealt with in chapter 5 .

The application for judicial review is a particular ( and the main ) procedure by which a litigant can seek judicial review of a governmental decision .
the [use] for judicial review is a particular ( and the main ) procedure by which a litigant can seek judicial review of a governmental decision .

The application of the law of tort ( which is , of course , part of private law ) to the police is a reflection of the fact that constitutionally police officers are not government officials but enjoy independence from the government of the day .
the [use] of the law of tort ( which is , of course , part of private law ) to the police is a reflection of the fact that constitutionally police officers are not government officials but enjoy independence from the government of the day .

It is also clear that decisions and actions of the police can be challenged by way of an application for judicial review .
it is also clear that decisions and actions of the police can be challenged by way of an [use] for judicial review .

Administration is considerably more difficult to define briefly , but for our purposes may be taken to mean the application of general rules to particular cases by the making of some order ( for example , a demolition order ) , or some decision ( for example , that an immigrant 's entry certificate was obtained by fraud in contravention of some statutory regulation ) , or by performing some action ( for example , making a payment of social security benefit ) .
administration is considerably more difficult to define briefly , but for our purposes may be taken to mean the [use] of general rules to particular cases by the making of some order ( for example , a demolition order ) , or some decision ( for example , that an immigrant 's entry certificate was obtained by fraud in contravention of some statutory regulation ) , or by performing some action ( for example , making a payment of social security benefit ) .

Again , it has been held that the Prison rules are merely ‘ regulatory ’ and that breach of them can not give rise to a cause of action for damages although it may found an application for judicial review .
again , it has been held that the prison rules are merely ‘ regulatory ’ and that breach of them can not give rise to a cause of action for damages although it may found an [use] for judicial review .

The Felixstowe Justices case illustrates another way in which standing and merits are related : just as the journalist had a sufficient interest only in the general policy of secrecy and not in its application to a particular case , so the remedy to which he was entitled related only to the general policy .
the felixstowe justices case illustrates another way in which standing and merits are related : just as the journalist had a sufficient interest only in the general policy of secrecy and not in its [use] to a particular case , so the remedy to which he was entitled related only to the general policy .

In other words , whatever the applicant 's interest in the subject matter of the application may be , that interest not only determines whether the applicant has standing but it also dictates the nature and terms of the relief to which the applicant can expect .
in other words , whatever the applicant 's interest in the subject matter of the [use] may be , that interest not only determines whether the applicant has standing but it also dictates the nature and terms of the relief to which the applicant can expect .

This means that even if the applicant has standing , has made the application in good time , and can establish that the respondent has acted illegally , he or she may be denied relief if the court thinks , for some reason , that relief should not be granted .
this means that even if the applicant has standing , has made the [use] in good time , and can establish that the respondent has acted illegally , he or she may be denied relief if the court thinks , for some reason , that relief should not be granted .

Another factor was raised in a case in which the government did not properly consult local authorities ( as required by statute ) before making some regulations : by the time the application to revoke the regulations was heard , they had been in operation for some time and to revoke them would have caused considerable administrative inconvenience which could not be justified given that no real complaint was made about the substance of the regulations .
another factor was raised in a case in which the government did not properly consult local authorities ( as required by statute ) before making some regulations : by the time the [use] to revoke the regulations was heard , they had been in operation for some time and to revoke them would have caused considerable administrative inconvenience which could not be justified given that no real complaint was made about the substance of the regulations .

Secondly , is it right that relief should be refused because the court disapproves of the applicant personally or of the motives behind the bringing of the application ? In extreme cases perhaps it is , but relief should not be refused unless the applicant 's conduct or motive makes it inappropriate to award the relief sought in this case : courts should not refuse relief in order to penalize an applicant for bad conduct unrelated to the relief sought .
secondly , is it right that relief should be refused because the court disapproves of the applicant personally or of the motives behind the bringing of the [use] ? in extreme cases perhaps it is , but relief should not be refused unless the applicant 's conduct or motive makes it inappropriate to award the relief sought in this case : courts should not refuse relief in order to penalize an applicant for bad conduct unrelated to the relief sought .

But as we have seen , the law in some cases allows anyone with a genuine interest to make an application for judicial review , and it may take such persons a considerable time to find out about the decision they want to challenge .
but as we have seen , the law in some cases allows anyone with a genuine interest to make an [use] for judicial review , and it may take such persons a considerable time to find out about the decision they want to challenge .

For example , it has been held that an applicant for unemployment benefit can not sue the government in tort for negligence in processing the application because there is a statutory right of appeal against refusal of benefit .
for example , it has been held that an applicant for unemployment benefit can not sue the government in tort for negligence in processing the [use] because there is a statutory right of appeal against refusal of benefit .

For example , if an application for a judicial review remedy raises politically contentious matters , a court might be inclined to say that an alternative political form of control , such as a ministerial default power , is the only one available .
for example , if an [use] for a judicial review remedy raises politically contentious matters , a court might be inclined to say that an alternative political form of control , such as a ministerial default power , is the only one available .

The Application for Judicial Review
the [use] for judicial review

Straightforward leave applications are often decided without an oral hearing ; but even when there is a hearing in order to clarify issues , leave proceedings are meant to be very brief : a recent practice statement requires special notice to be given if it is anticipated that the leave application will last for more than 30 minutes .
straightforward leave applications are often decided without an oral hearing ; but even when there is a hearing in order to clarify issues , leave proceedings are meant to be very brief : a recent practice statement requires special notice to be given if it is anticipated that the leave [use] will last for more than 30 minutes .

Given that cases involving the exercise of public functions might also raise issues of private law , it should be made clear that the court hearing an application under public law procedure is to decide all issues raised by the case , whether of public law or private law .
given that cases involving the exercise of public functions might also raise issues of private law , it should be made clear that the court hearing an [use] under public law procedure is to decide all issues raised by the case , whether of public law or private law .

It is an attempt to preserve the special protections for public bodies contained in Order 53 while at the same time limiting the application of those protections to cases where they are necessary and suitable .
it is an attempt to preserve the special protections for public bodies contained in order 53 while at the same time limiting the [use] of those protections to cases where they are necessary and suitable .

They are designed to cope with the fact that judicial review actions often raise complex issues of public policy administrative practice which go well beyond the interests of the parties to the judicial review application and of the applicant in particular .
they are designed to cope with the fact that judicial review actions often raise complex issues of public policy administrative practice which go well beyond the interests of the parties to the judicial review [use] and of the applicant in particular .

It is when one comes to look at the application of the directive , and , in particular , at the small print of some other member states ' legislation , that one sees it is not so simple .
it is when one comes to look at the [use] of the directive , and , in particular , at the small print of some other member states ' legislation , that one sees it is not so simple .

These include the application of an anti-lichen solution followed by a delicate washing of the upper levels .
these include the [use] of an anti-lichen solution followed by a delicate washing of the upper levels .

One of this book 's merits is that it shows how hard stone application was not confined to the Baroque , and includes unexpected nineteenth-century examples .
one of this book 's merits is that it shows how hard stone [use] was not confined to the baroque , and includes unexpected nineteenth-century examples .

’ The application of this principle in the Sexual Offences Act 1967 following upon the publication of the Wolfenden Report in 1957 is well known .
’ the [use] of this principle in the sexual offences act 1967 following upon the publication of the wolfenden report in 1957 is well known .

Lord Diplock was right in Caldwell about one thing , namely the obsessive interest of academics in solving all legal questions by the exhaustive application of one or other of these principles .
lord diplock was right in caldwell about one thing , namely the obsessive interest of academics in solving all legal questions by the exhaustive [use] of one or other of these principles .

However , the other side of the coin is the application of the rules to particular cases .
however , the other side of the coin is the [use] of the rules to particular cases .

However , it is notoriously difficult to capture and exhibit any legal theorist who unequivocally espouses formalism , that is who insists that the application of the general principles and rules of law to particular cases is a matter of deductive reasoning and nothing else .
however , it is notoriously difficult to capture and exhibit any legal theorist who unequivocally espouses formalism , that is who insists that the [use] of the general principles and rules of law to particular cases is a matter of deductive reasoning and nothing else .

We should therefore be suspicious of any expository textbook which presents the criminal law as if it could be stated in a finite number of propositions from which all solutions could ultimately be derived without further choices at the point of application .
we should therefore be suspicious of any expository textbook which presents the criminal law as if it could be stated in a finite number of propositions from which all solutions could ultimately be derived without further choices at the point of [use] .

First , the identification of its fundamental principle or principles and , secondly , the correct application of such principles to fact situations .
first , the identification of its fundamental principle or principles and , secondly , the correct [use] of such principles to fact situations .

Hart exhorts us that ‘ we should not cherish even as an ideal a rule so detailed that no new choices arise at the point of application ’ .6 Unger remarks that ‘ language is no longer credited with the fixidity of categories and the transparent representation of the world that would make formalism plausible in legal reasoning or in ideas about justice ’ .
hart exhorts us that ‘ we should not cherish even as an ideal a rule so detailed that no new choices arise at the point of [use] ’ .6 unger remarks that ‘ language is no longer credited with the fixidity of categories and the transparent representation of the world that would make formalism plausible in legal reasoning or in ideas about justice ’ .

Since these dimensions can not be read off intellectually from the concept of doorway , the artificer , by decision , determines the general and abstract instruction in its particular and concrete application .
since these dimensions can not be read off intellectually from the concept of doorway , the artificer , by decision , determines the general and abstract instruction in its particular and concrete [use] .

If you do not already hold a valid passport , application forms may be obtained from the Post Office .
if you do not already hold a valid passport , [use] forms may be obtained from the post office .

The course is divided into four modules : Philosophy of Communication and Social Change ; Understanding of Socio-Cultural Realities ; The Practice of Communication for Social Change , and Planning for Back-Home Application .
the course is divided into four modules : philosophy of communication and social change ; understanding of socio-cultural realities ; the practice of communication for social change , and planning for back-home [use] .

‘ Concerning censorship in normal times , Cameroun appears to hold the record in the details of its application .
‘ concerning censorship in normal times , cameroun appears to hold the record in the details of its [use] .

3 Application and follow through :
3 [use] and follow through :

Whether a scheme is now afoot to reinstate the Saint Dyé site is as yet unclear but the members of the Association pour la défense de Chambord are anxiously awaiting the outcome of the purchase application .
whether a scheme is now afoot to reinstate the saint dyé site is as yet unclear but the members of the association pour la défense de chambord are anxiously awaiting the outcome of the purchase [use] .

In social stratification theory and its application in research a number of assumptions made about the role of women serve to guarantee their invisibility .
in social stratification theory and its [use] in research a number of assumptions made about the role of women serve to guarantee their invisibility .

The course is divided into four mo-dules : Philosophy of Communication and Social Change ; Understanding of Socio-Cultural Realities ; The Practice of Communication for Social Change , and Planning for Back-Home Application .
the course is divided into four mo-dules : philosophy of communication and social change ; understanding of socio-cultural realities ; the practice of communication for social change , and planning for back-home [use] .

The product itself , for example , though useful may be so commonplace or so inexpensive that it has little intrinsic interest outside its own application .
the product itself , for example , though useful may be so commonplace or so inexpensive that it has little intrinsic interest outside its own [use] .

It is therefore essential for a new user of water to make a licence application as early as possible .
it is therefore essential for a new user of water to make a licence [use] as early as possible .

Ideas exist in our own minds and we need to master the skilled techniques for bringing them forward for evaluation and application to our problems .
ideas exist in our own minds and we need to master the skilled techniques for bringing them forward for evaluation and [use] to our problems .

Ramsey 's problem may be solved by straightforward application of the Lagrangean multiplier technique .
ramsey 's problem may be solved by straightforward [use] of the lagrangean multiplier technique .

Evidently , the choice between the use of speech , handwriting or keyboard for a particular application will vary according to a number of factors :
evidently , the choice between the use of speech , handwriting or keyboard for a particular [use] will vary according to a number of factors :

There are two schools of thought concerning the application of syntactic knowledge .
there are two schools of thought concerning the [use] of syntactic knowledge .

The application of semantic knowledge to the problem of text recognition is the subject of this thesis .
the [use] of semantic knowledge to the problem of text recognition is the subject of this thesis .

Since there is so much information available in natural language form — such as books , journals and reports — another application to receive attention is automatic information retrieval .
since there is so much information available in natural language form — such as books , journals and reports — another [use] to receive attention is automatic information retrieval .

Both objectives require the application of higher level knowledge to identify inconsistencies at individual levels , so it is possible that techniques developed for recognition applications could contribute to the development of text understanding systems .
both objectives require the [use] of higher level knowledge to identify inconsistencies at individual levels , so it is possible that techniques developed for recognition applications could contribute to the development of text understanding systems .

This thesis is concerned with the application of semantic knowledge to the problem of text recognition .
this thesis is concerned with the [use] of semantic knowledge to the problem of text recognition .

Much of this research is purely theoretical , in that it explores computational implementations of linguistic theories that are independent of any specific application area .
much of this research is purely theoretical , in that it explores computational implementations of linguistic theories that are independent of any specific [use] area .

Although the extraction of semantic information from dictionary definitions may be considered an objective in itself , many researchers pursue a specific application , or at least have a range of applications in mind .
although the extraction of semantic information from dictionary definitions may be considered an objective in itself , many researchers pursue a specific [use] , or at least have a range of applications in mind .

For Jensen and Binot [ 1988 ] , that application was to create a knowledge source for syntactic disambiguation .
for jensen and binot [ 1988 ] , that [use] was to create a knowledge source for syntactic disambiguation .

To test whether definitional overlap could contribute to such an application , it is necessary to show that where genuine semantic relationships are present between word pairs , the technique is sensitive to them .
to test whether definitional overlap could contribute to such an [use] , it is necessary to show that where genuine semantic relationships are present between word pairs , the technique is sensitive to them .

The compilation of a lexicon therefore requires considerable manual intervention to ensure that indices have been assigned in a reliable manner that fits the application .
the compilation of a lexicon therefore requires considerable manual intervention to ensure that indices have been assigned in a reliable manner that fits the [use] .

This choice reflected both the potential application of the eventual system ( i.e .
this choice reflected both the potential [use] of the eventual system ( i.e .

The precise format of a collocation dictionary depends largely upon the application .
the precise format of a collocation dictionary depends largely upon the [use] .

This choice reflected both the potential application of the eventual system and ease of availability .
this choice reflected both the potential [use] of the eventual system and ease of availability .

Strictly speaking , collocations represent syntagmatic and paradigmatic knowledge rather than semantic , but it is argued that they represent the implicit application of syntactic , semantic and pragmatic knowledge [ Sharman , 1990 ] , and for reasons of simplicity have been referred to as a source of semantic information .
strictly speaking , collocations represent syntagmatic and paradigmatic knowledge rather than semantic , but it is argued that they represent the implicit [use] of syntactic , semantic and pragmatic knowledge [ sharman , 1990 ] , and for reasons of simplicity have been referred to as a source of semantic information .

Indeed , this is particularly relevant to a run-time recognition application , since data can only be meaningfully processed in one direction anyway ( i.e .
indeed , this is particularly relevant to a run-time recognition [use] , since data can only be meaningfully processed in one direction anyway ( i.e .

In the case of text recognition , this would mean a bottom-up flow of data and results , working from the character recognition stage to the application of world knowledge .
in the case of text recognition , this would mean a bottom-up flow of data and results , working from the character recognition stage to the [use] of world knowledge .

For example , lexical knowledge may be twice as ’ important ’ as syntactic knowledge , which may in turn be twice as ’ important ’ as semantic knowledge ( evidently , these magnitudes will vary according to the specific application and particular data ) .
for example , lexical knowledge may be twice as ’ important ’ as syntactic knowledge , which may in turn be twice as ’ important ’ as semantic knowledge ( evidently , these magnitudes will vary according to the specific [use] and particular data ) .

The moral code here was clear , even as its application was uneven .
the moral code here was clear , even as its [use] was uneven .

The regency delayed the full application of the new moral code on the aristocracy until the coming of peace , but by 1820 with the furore generated by Queen Caroline 's trial for adultery , there was clearly a new pressure for purity to which the aristocracy had to bend their knee .
the regency delayed the full [use] of the new moral code on the aristocracy until the coming of peace , but by 1820 with the furore generated by queen caroline 's trial for adultery , there was clearly a new pressure for purity to which the aristocracy had to bend their knee .

You should make your application at least 24 hours in advance of travel .
you should make your [use] at least 24 hours in advance of travel .

When family and community resources were exhausted , application to charity was , as Eleanor Rathbone suggested , the next step .
when family and community resources were exhausted , [use] to charity was , as eleanor rathbone suggested , the next step .

Pressure from the Conservative and Liberal backbenchers forced the government to permit Poor Law Guardians to give relief in the form of free school meals to necessitous schoolchildren , on application from a schoolteacher or school manager .
pressure from the conservative and liberal backbenchers forced the government to permit poor law guardians to give relief in the form of free school meals to necessitous schoolchildren , on [use] from a schoolteacher or school manager .

If this is likely to take time , make your first application quickly , and say that the value you have given has yet to be confirmed and may be changed later .
if this is likely to take time , make your first [use] quickly , and say that the value you have given has yet to be confirmed and may be changed later .

If you are not satisfied about the outcome of your application for compensation in the overseas post , you may still put your complaint to an adjudicator appointed by the Chartered Institute of Arbitrators .
if you are not satisfied about the outcome of your [use] for compensation in the overseas post , you may still put your complaint to an adjudicator appointed by the chartered institute of arbitrators .

You can go straight from your first complaint ( to your local Customer Care Unit ) to an application to the Chartered Institute of Arbitrators , or even straight to court .
you can go straight from your first complaint ( to your local customer care unit ) to an [use] to the chartered institute of arbitrators , or even straight to court .

Simply write your name/s and address on the Stamp Bug Club Application Form attached , and send it with your cheque or postal order to :
simply write your name/s and address on the stamp bug club [use] form attached , and send it with your cheque or postal order to :

Probably the field of his choice was narrowed by the inability of men without friends at court to make an application .
probably the field of his choice was narrowed by the inability of men without friends at court to make an [use] .

Staff can help with the issue of application forms , shortlisting suitable candidates and interviewing facilities can be provided .
staff can help with the issue of [use] forms , shortlisting suitable candidates and interviewing facilities can be provided .

Please read the notes before filling in the application form on pages 3 and 4 .
please read the notes before filling in the [use] form on pages 3 and 4 .

They are intended as a guide to applicants and should be detached from the Application form .
they are intended as a guide to applicants and should be detached from the [use] form .

You should make a note of it and always quote it in any application or enquiries about your driving licence .
you should make a note of it and always quote it in any [use] or enquiries about your driving licence .

If this is your first application for a full licence you must send your test pass certificate with the application .
if this is your first [use] for a full licence you must send your test pass certificate with the [use] .

The renewal licence will commence on the date your application is received in the Driver Licensing Central Office .
the renewal licence will commence on the date your [use] is received in the driver licensing central office .

If you have had a licence refused or revoked for medical reasons your application may still be considered .
if you have had a licence refused or revoked for medical reasons your [use] may still be considered .

You must enclose with your application one recent facial photograph of yourself , approx 40 mm × 35 mm , with your name and address on the back .
you must enclose with your [use] one recent facial photograph of yourself , approx 40 mm × 35 mm , with your name and address on the back .

Remember to detach these notes and send only pages 3 and 4 of the application form .
remember to detach these notes and send only pages 3 and 4 of the [use] form .

The process of becoming an adopter Application to adoption agency — complete forms/two references/medical by doctor .
the process of becoming an adopter [use] to adoption agency — complete forms/two references/medical by doctor .

Placed on assessment list : social worker visits over a period of months — discusses adoption , views on bringing up children Application and assessment placed before approval panel Approved as adopters Rejected as adopters by that agency If approved for a baby , go on to waiting list to be ‘ matched ’ — may wait up to 3 years or more for placement If special needs may be short wait for placement .
placed on assessment list : social worker visits over a period of months — discusses adoption , views on bringing up children [use] and assessment placed before approval panel approved as adopters rejected as adopters by that agency if approved for a baby , go on to waiting list to be ‘ matched ’ — may wait up to 3 years or more for placement if special needs may be short wait for placement .

birth parents ' consent Court decision Adoption order Interim order/contested case Reapply Application rejected New birth certificate issued with date , adopters ' name , address . On short form of certificate no mention of adoption
birth parents ' consent court decision adoption order interim order/contested case reapply [use] rejected new birth certificate issued with date , adopters ' name , address . on short form of certificate no mention of adoption

insecurities about the placement may prevent adopters seeking help from health visitors for fear of jeopardising the success of their adoption application ;
insecurities about the placement may prevent adopters seeking help from health visitors for fear of jeopardising the success of their adoption [use] ;

Clinical application
clinical [use]

Application to wound
[use] to wound

Although significant differences in choice of topical application were made according to the appearance of the ulcer ( Table 8 ) , the use of topical antibiotics/cortisone on 18 ( 6 per cent ) and antiseptics on 48 ( 17 per cent ) of healing leg ulcers was disturbing .
although significant differences in choice of topical [use] were made according to the appearance of the ulcer ( table 8 ) , the use of topical antibiotics/cortisone on 18 ( 6 per cent ) and antiseptics on 48 ( 17 per cent ) of healing leg ulcers was disturbing .

Statistically significant differences were found in choice of topical application between doctors and nurses ( p < 0.001 ) : DNs were usually responsible for the selection of paste bandages , unmedicated tulles and simple dry dressings , but doctors made the decision to use antibiotics/cortisones more often than nurses .
statistically significant differences were found in choice of topical [use] between doctors and nurses ( p < 0.001 ) : dns were usually responsible for the selection of paste bandages , unmedicated tulles and simple dry dressings , but doctors made the decision to use antibiotics/cortisones more often than nurses .

The debate was a major exercise in the application of Marx 's framework to a non-European , late developing country , and continues to this day .
the debate was a major exercise in the [use] of marx 's framework to a non-european , late developing country , and continues to this day .

Karen made application early in the second year of the course to a number of major national travel companies as an overseas representative .
karen made [use] early in the second year of the course to a number of major national travel companies as an overseas representative .

Its application does put its exponents in the firing line of critical appraisal .
its [use] does put its exponents in the firing line of critical appraisal .

Using national newspapers , select at least one job which is of interest to you and then write a letter of application .
using national newspapers , select at least one job which is of interest to you and then write a letter of [use] .

This , of course , is a much more significant limitation on scope than exists in single-contract Conventions such as the Sales Convention , and in this respect the case for the second limb of application of the two latter Conventions is stronger .
this , of course , is a much more significant limitation on scope than exists in single-contract conventions such as the sales convention , and in this respect the case for the second limb of [use] of the two latter conventions is stronger .

Reference has already been made to three Conventions under which the requirement of connection to a Contracting State is satisfied where the rules of private international law lead to the application of a Contracting State .
reference has already been made to three conventions under which the requirement of connection to a contracting state is satisfied where the rules of private international law lead to the [use] of a contracting state .

In most cases the same result would probably be reached even without a provision to this effect , given that in international commercial transactions the application of mandatory rules is likely to be limited , so that courts will usually respect the autonomy of the parties in choosing the law which is to govern their relationship .
in most cases the same result would probably be reached even without a provision to this effect , given that in international commercial transactions the [use] of mandatory rules is likely to be limited , so that courts will usually respect the autonomy of the parties in choosing the law which is to govern their relationship .

The effect of a reservation against such a provision by the State of the forum where the conflict rules of that State lead to the application of the law of another Contracting State which has not made such a reservation is unclear .
the effect of a reservation against such a provision by the state of the forum where the conflict rules of that state lead to the [use] of the law of another contracting state which has not made such a reservation is unclear .

On this view the only reservation that is relevant is that made by the State whose law is applicable to the transaction , and reservations made by the State in which the forum is located have no significance as such and operate only if the conflict rules of that State lead to the application of its own law .
on this view the only reservation that is relevant is that made by the state whose law is applicable to the transaction , and reservations made by the state in which the forum is located have no significance as such and operate only if the conflict rules of that state lead to the [use] of its own law .

Apart from the obvious point that it fails to produce uniformity its principal defect is that it leads to the application of a particular national law which is likely to have been devised for domestic transactions and may well be ill-suited to those which are international in character .
apart from the obvious point that it fails to produce uniformity its principal defect is that it leads to the [use] of a particular national law which is likely to have been devised for domestic transactions and may well be ill-suited to those which are international in character .

It is an area distinct , but not entirely separate , from that addressed by the law and economics movement , which focuses on the application of economic theory to matters of legal concern .
it is an area distinct , but not entirely separate , from that addressed by the law and economics movement , which focuses on the [use] of economic theory to matters of legal concern .

You will be told if you are unsuccessful in your application and you will have the right to have your application reviewed .
you will be told if you are unsuccessful in your [use] and you will have the right to have your [use] reviewed .

You will then be asked to fill out a loan application form with information such as your name and address , where you work , your income and outgoings , etc .
you will then be asked to fill out a loan [use] form with information such as your name and address , where you work , your income and outgoings , etc .

If you require a Midland business overdraft , please complete the application form attached to this leaflet , or contact your local midland branch .
if you require a midland business overdraft , please complete the [use] form attached to this leaflet , or contact your local midland branch .

If possible , enclose with your application form , your cash flow forecast and any other relevant accounting information , and send it to your Midland manager , who will arrange an interview with you .
if possible , enclose with your [use] form , your cash flow forecast and any other relevant accounting information , and send it to your midland manager , who will arrange an interview with you .

If you do not already have an account with us , please complete the attached application form .
if you do not already have an account with us , please complete the attached [use] form .

all you have to do is complete the attached application form and take it or post it to your branch .
all you have to do is complete the attached [use] form and take it or post it to your branch .

If your application is accepted , we will ask you to transfer your Current Account to Midland .
if your [use] is accepted , we will ask you to transfer your current account to midland .

Simply complete the attached application form and post or take it to your local Midland branch .
simply complete the attached [use] form and post or take it to your local midland branch .

All you have to do is complete the attached application form and take or post it to your branch .
all you have to do is complete the attached [use] form and take or post it to your branch .

If we agree your application , we will ask you to transfer your Current Account to Midland .
if we agree your [use] , we will ask you to transfer your current account to midland .

Simply complete the attached application form and schedule and post or take them to your local branch .
simply complete the attached [use] form and schedule and post or take them to your local branch .

The person covered by the Plan is the person named on the Home Management Account Application Form , who on the date the Application is made must be : less than 65 years of age actively in permanent and gainful employment ( including self-employment ) of not less than 16 hours a week , and not absent due to sickness or injury .
the person covered by the plan is the person named on the home management account [use] form , who on the date the [use] is made must be : less than 65 years of age actively in permanent and gainful employment ( including self-employment ) of not less than 16 hours a week , and not absent due to sickness or injury .

If your mortgage application is in your name only , you can borrow up to 3½ times your gross annual salary .
if your mortgage [use] is in your name only , you can borrow up to 3½ times your gross annual salary .

It can be extremely frustrating spending many hours looking for a home , finding one you like and that you can afford , and then having your mortgage application turned down .
it can be extremely frustrating spending many hours looking for a home , finding one you like and that you can afford , and then having your mortgage [use] turned down .

You let us know which option you have selected under the ‘ Interest Options ’ section on the attached application form .
you let us know which option you have selected under the ‘ interest options ’ section on the attached [use] form .

All you have to do is complete the attached application form , making sure both parties sign if the Bond is to be in joint names , then take or post it to your local Midland branch , together with your investment ( minimum £2,000 ) .
all you have to do is complete the attached [use] form , making sure both parties sign if the bond is to be in joint names , then take or post it to your local midland branch , together with your investment ( minimum £2,000 ) .

The former related to the quest for spiritual happiness , the latter to the sciences which , in their practical application , helped to constitute a third category of ‘ artificial ’ knowledge .
the former related to the quest for spiritual happiness , the latter to the sciences which , in their practical [use] , helped to constitute a third category of ‘ artificial ’ knowledge .

Reputations outside the Office , however , are not built upon application to paperwork or the efficiency with which business is despatched .
reputations outside the office , however , are not built upon [use] to paperwork or the efficiency with which business is despatched .

On an application for judicial review , the High Court may decide that the Secretary of State has exceeded the powers conferred on him by Parliament , or acted in a way that was irrational or procedurally unfair .
on an [use] for judicial review , the high court may decide that the secretary of state has exceeded the powers conferred on him by parliament , or acted in a way that was irrational or procedurally unfair .

If an application is declared admissible , and a friendly settlement can not be achieved , the subsequent decisions of the Court are binding on the United Kingdom .
if an [use] is declared admissible , and a friendly settlement can not be achieved , the subsequent decisions of the court are binding on the united kingdom .

Further reports followed on imputed criminal intent , damage to property , forgery , conspiracy and public order offences , defences of general application , the mental element in crime , the territorial extent of the criminal law , and interference with the course of justice .
further reports followed on imputed criminal intent , damage to property , forgery , conspiracy and public order offences , defences of general [use] , the mental element in crime , the territorial extent of the criminal law , and interference with the course of justice .

To meet the needs of the present , it seems to me that as much precision as possible is used when deciding on the application of a pesticide .
to meet the needs of the present , it seems to me that as much precision as possible is used when deciding on the [use] of a pesticide .

Pollution of our waterways by the leaching of fertiliser nitrates from the soil may be reduced as trees combined with animals are unlikely to need application of fertiliser , unlike conventional grassland or timber production .
pollution of our waterways by the leaching of fertiliser nitrates from the soil may be reduced as trees combined with animals are unlikely to need [use] of fertiliser , unlike conventional grassland or timber production .

But , the application of new technology is now acting to change that , even though services , unlike products , can not be stored .
but , the [use] of new technology is now acting to change that , even though services , unlike products , can not be stored .

Though the policy of according preference to foreigners has been retained , its application has changed dramatically .
though the policy of according preference to foreigners has been retained , its [use] has changed dramatically .

They were ‘ among the first to exploit writing for the purpose of formulating original theoretical knowledge … Knowledge was taken to be the product of an extended logical essay — the output of the repeated application in a single coherent text of the technique of examining an assertion to determine all of its implications .
they were ‘ among the first to exploit writing for the purpose of formulating original theoretical knowledge … knowledge was taken to be the product of an extended logical essay — the output of the repeated [use] in a single coherent text of the technique of examining an assertion to determine all of its implications .

The guidance states how far staff may go. : ‘ The physical restraint is the positive application of force with the intention of overpowering the child . ’
the guidance states how far staff may go. : ‘ the physical restraint is the positive [use] of force with the intention of overpowering the child . ’

Section 25 of The Children Act requires local authorities to make an application for a secure accommodation in the family proceedings court not the youth court .
section 25 of the children act requires local authorities to make an [use] for a secure accommodation in the family proceedings court not the youth court .

When the criminal proceedings in the youth court end , and the same young person who has been held in secure accommodation or remand on the same day may be the subject of an application in the family proceedings court , with a guardian to represent them .
when the criminal proceedings in the youth court end , and the same young person who has been held in secure accommodation or remand on the same day may be the subject of an [use] in the family proceedings court , with a guardian to represent them .

The Royal College 's proposals would allow a person to be recalled to hospital by a doctor without an application by an approved social worker , even where a person is symptom-free .
the royal college 's proposals would allow a person to be recalled to hospital by a doctor without an [use] by an approved social worker , even where a person is symptom-free .

Politics thus becomes a matter of solving problems in the manner of an engineer by the application of the appropriate technique ; it is the ‘ politics of felt need ’ , the ‘ politics of perfection ’ , and the ‘ politics of uniformity ’ .
politics thus becomes a matter of solving problems in the manner of an engineer by the [use] of the appropriate technique ; it is the ‘ politics of felt need ’ , the ‘ politics of perfection ’ , and the ‘ politics of uniformity ’ .

Rationalism , then , has its roots , not in the rise of science or the application of scientific methods to non-scientific phenomena , but with a misunderstanding of reason and the mistaken identification of knowledge with technique .
rationalism , then , has its roots , not in the rise of science or the [use] of scientific methods to non-scientific phenomena , but with a misunderstanding of reason and the mistaken identification of knowledge with technique .

The error of rationalism , in Oakeshott 's argument , does not arise from the application of scientific methods to non-scientific material , but rather results from a mistaken understanding of the nature of reason .
the error of rationalism , in oakeshott 's argument , does not arise from the [use] of scientific methods to non-scientific material , but rather results from a mistaken understanding of the nature of reason .

In order to assess its influence we will consider the work of Auguste Comte and Emile Durkheim , as leading exponents of the tradition , and will also examine the application of their theories to the questions of government and law by considering the work of Leon Duguit .
in order to assess its influence we will consider the work of auguste comte and emile durkheim , as leading exponents of the tradition , and will also examine the [use] of their theories to the questions of government and law by considering the work of leon duguit .

He argued that the time was now ripe for the application of the positivist method to social phenomena and for the establishment of sociology , a term he seems to have invented .
he argued that the time was now ripe for the [use] of the positivist method to social phenomena and for the establishment of sociology , a term he seems to have invented .

There is , for example , a distinct positivist and empiricist strain which emerges in the functionalist style and whose roots can be seen in sociological positivism , the Fabian aspects of evolutionary theory , and that interpretation of pragmatism which views the application of the methods of pragmatic instrumentalism to the judicial role as a continuation of Austin 's positivist project .
there is , for example , a distinct positivist and empiricist strain which emerges in the functionalist style and whose roots can be seen in sociological positivism , the fabian aspects of evolutionary theory , and that interpretation of pragmatism which views the [use] of the methods of pragmatic instrumentalism to the judicial role as a continuation of austin 's positivist project .

During the 1970s , the consolidation of this role was achieved by procedural reforms providing for a simplified application for judicial review .
during the 1970s , the consolidation of this role was achieved by procedural reforms providing for a simplified [use] for judicial review .

This Act is of much broader application than the 1963 Act discussed above .
this act is of much broader [use] than the 1963 act discussed above .

application outside civil service
[use] outside civil service

Legal firms frequently seek the advice of the Dictionary Department concerning the application of particular words and phrases , as in the recent case regarding the status of the Sikhs .
legal firms frequently seek the advice of the dictionary department concerning the [use] of particular words and phrases , as in the recent case regarding the status of the sikhs .

Please give details of the application software proposed , including :
please give details of the [use] software proposed , including :

For them a systematic process is more plausible and most human resource departments in firms have systematized procedures ( application forms , interview schedules , psychological tests ) to extract theme data at the time a person joins the firm .
for them a systematic process is more plausible and most human resource departments in firms have systematized procedures ( [use] forms , interview schedules , psychological tests ) to extract theme data at the time a person joins the firm .

As William Pfaff has argued , engineers and scientists typically assume that , given the requisite amount of research and application of the relevant expertise , objective answers to particular problems are possible .
as william pfaff has argued , engineers and scientists typically assume that , given the requisite amount of research and [use] of the relevant expertise , objective answers to particular problems are possible .

He immunized children against measles by aerosol application , and wrote about the varicella-zoster vaccine .
he immunized children against measles by aerosol [use] , and wrote about the varicella-zoster vaccine .

Need has been variously defined , but in this study needs were deemed to be unmet if interventions were acceptable to the client and the following applied : ( a ) for activities of daily living a person was dependent on help from the carer and this dependence could be reversed by provision of an aid ; ( b ) for communication disorders there had not been an assessment by a speech therapist ; ( c ) for services ( day care , respite care ) a referral had not been made to the appropriate agency and subsequent referral proved successful ; and ( d ) for benefits the client or carer was unaware of eligibility for benefits , an application had not been made , and subsequent application was successful .
need has been variously defined , but in this study needs were deemed to be unmet if interventions were acceptable to the client and the following applied : ( a ) for activities of daily living a person was dependent on help from the carer and this dependence could be reversed by provision of an aid ; ( b ) for communication disorders there had not been an assessment by a speech therapist ; ( c ) for services ( day care , respite care ) a referral had not been made to the appropriate agency and subsequent referral proved successful ; and ( d ) for benefits the client or carer was unaware of eligibility for benefits , an [use] had not been made , and subsequent [use] was successful .

Fulbert 's application of ideas drawn directly from two ancient manuals of rhetoric , the Ad Herennium and Cicero 's De Inventione , to an entirely medieval social institution , is a vivid illustration of the way in which churchmen moulded the ethical perceptions of the military classes .
fulbert 's [use] of ideas drawn directly from two ancient manuals of rhetoric , the ad herennium and cicero 's de inventione , to an entirely medieval social institution , is a vivid illustration of the way in which churchmen moulded the ethical perceptions of the military classes .

These were not new expedients ; but their regular and systematic application to the ends of government effected a solid gain in efficiency .
these were not new expedients ; but their regular and systematic [use] to the ends of government effected a solid gain in efficiency .

The divergence was sharpened by the application of a theoretical distinction , the fruit of Augustinian theology , amplified as the century went on by canon and Roman law reference ; princes pronounced their campaigns just wars ( fought against aggressors with the aim of re-establishing peace ) or public wars ( declared by a competent authority in the public interest ) , while they condemned the wars of lesser men as infractions of the peace .
the divergence was sharpened by the [use] of a theoretical distinction , the fruit of augustinian theology , amplified as the century went on by canon and roman law reference ; princes pronounced their campaigns just wars ( fought against aggressors with the aim of re-establishing peace ) or public wars ( declared by a competent authority in the public interest ) , while they condemned the wars of lesser men as infractions of the peace .

The usual tactic was to march troops across the enemy 's territory , plundering and looting ; to take fortified places if the task was easy ; to obtain allies among the lords of the locality ; and to retreat without fighting a battle if at all possible — in effect an application to a wider canvas of the some technique of warfare which had earlier made castellans formidable in the immediate environs of their castles .
the usual tactic was to march troops across the enemy 's territory , plundering and looting ; to take fortified places if the task was easy ; to obtain allies among the lords of the locality ; and to retreat without fighting a battle if at all possible — in effect an [use] to a wider canvas of the some technique of warfare which had earlier made castellans formidable in the immediate environs of their castles .

Those who then sat the exam were instructed to put on their application forms that they had studied the course privately , so the fact that they had studied from but not paid for the Henley course would not be traced .
those who then sat the exam were instructed to put on their [use] forms that they had studied the course privately , so the fact that they had studied from but not paid for the henley course would not be traced .

Early in 1987 , a memo was circulated to all Harvard staff assuring them that Harvard would still be in business that time the following year and that appeal options would be taken up , should the Stock Exchange turn down their application for membership .
early in 1987 , a memo was circulated to all harvard staff assuring them that harvard would still be in business that time the following year and that appeal options would be taken up , should the stock exchange turn down their [use] for membership .

The word length for the store of a particular computer is chosen to hold a maximal numeric value or number of characters appropriate to the application area and cost to which the computer is designed .
the word length for the store of a particular computer is chosen to hold a maximal numeric value or number of characters appropriate to the [use] area and cost to which the computer is designed .

Application areas
[use] areas

Another important application area for computers is in real-time control .
another important [use] area for computers is in real-time control .

Such computers have , of course , to stand up to more extreme environmental conditions than in the application areas described above .
such computers have , of course , to stand up to more extreme environmental conditions than in the [use] areas described above .

Because of the expected application areas of this microprocessor ( including pocket calculators ) , facilities are also provided for performing arithmetic on bytes interpreted as two 4-bit decimal digits .
because of the expected [use] areas of this microprocessor ( including pocket calculators ) , facilities are also provided for performing arithmetic on bytes interpreted as two 4-bit decimal digits .

When we discuss computer design variations in the ensuing chapters , we will tend to make two assumptions which it is as well to clarify ; first , that each computer is designed independently for a particular application area and to purely technical criteria ; and second , that a computer design is implemented as a fixed set of facilities for all customers .
when we discuss computer design variations in the ensuing chapters , we will tend to make two assumptions which it is as well to clarify ; first , that each computer is designed independently for a particular [use] area and to purely technical criteria ; and second , that a computer design is implemented as a fixed set of facilities for all customers .

Finally , we mentioned above that many third generation computers have a range of facilities to cover a number of application areas ; if some of these facilities are optional , we may particularize Our computer for an application area by selecting from these options .
finally , we mentioned above that many third generation computers have a range of facilities to cover a number of [use] areas ; if some of these facilities are optional , we may particularize our computer for an [use] area by selecting from these options .

We choose to consider a system programmer 's view rather than that of an application programmer ( even at the assembler language level ) , because the latter would expect to use facilities provided by supervisory software to mask the hardware treatment of such things as transput control .
we choose to consider a system programmer 's view rather than that of an [use] programmer ( even at the assembler language level ) , because the latter would expect to use facilities provided by supervisory software to mask the hardware treatment of such things as transput control .

All the computers we consider are general-purpose , at least in theory , although they may be oriented towards particular application areas .
all the computers we consider are general-purpose , at least in theory , although they may be oriented towards particular [use] areas .

Here we have a design based on the character , providing the character string handling requirements of the commercial application , with a word-oriented architecture superimposed upon it , to allow the more efficient binary arithmetic to be used when required .
here we have a design based on the character , providing the character string handling requirements of the commercial [use] , with a word-oriented architecture superimposed upon it , to allow the more efficient binary arithmetic to be used when required .

Thus in computers oriented to particular tasks , we can tailor the instruction set to the application area ; several examples are given in Husson ( 1970 , Chapter 3 ) .
thus in computers oriented to particular tasks , we can tailor the instruction set to the [use] area ; several examples are given in husson ( 1970 , chapter 3 ) .

Writeable control store is attractive in tailoring a computer for a particular application , but there are major problems , in potential loss of compatibility with the manufacturer 's standard software or even between problem programs ; this may be compounded by multi-programming , and errors in microprogramming ( particularly as the latter is usually more complicated than conventional programming ) .
writeable control store is attractive in tailoring a computer for a particular [use] , but there are major problems , in potential loss of compatibility with the manufacturer 's standard software or even between problem programs ; this may be compounded by multi-programming , and errors in microprogramming ( particularly as the latter is usually more complicated than conventional programming ) .

Skilled reading depends upon a flexibility in the application of component subskills , and so it is with all skills .
skilled reading depends upon a flexibility in the [use] of component subskills , and so it is with all skills .

Symbolic algebra is the same as arithmetic algebra except that its operations are universally application : a — b has meaning for all a , b .
symbolic algebra is the same as arithmetic algebra except that its operations are universally [use] : a — b has meaning for all a , b .

It is impossible for the author to know exactly what the reader will accept as being a `` proper `` application of abstract algebra .
it is impossible for the author to know exactly what the reader will accept as being a `` proper `` [use] of abstract algebra .

Finally the algebra introduced by Boole to model logic mathematically has found application to the design of computers and telephone switching circuits , again via the very real problem of reducing construction costs .
finally the algebra introduced by boole to model logic mathematically has found [use] to the design of computers and telephone switching circuits , again via the very real problem of reducing construction costs .

Remark In Section 3.6 we shall discuss number systems in which the concepts of prime and irreducible definitely do not coincide and in exercise 3.7.16 we shall ask the reader to criticise the application of the above proof ( since it leads to a manifest contradiction ! )
remark in section 3.6 we shall discuss number systems in which the concepts of prime and irreducible definitely do not coincide and in exercise 3.7.16 we shall ask the reader to criticise the [use] of the above proof ( since it leads to a manifest contradiction ! )

Indeed certain of them have found application in coding theory and in statistics as well as being important in geometry and in algebra itself . )
indeed certain of them have found [use] in coding theory and in statistics as well as being important in geometry and in algebra itself . )

And nor should they be , for if my contention is correct , they are simply discovering new applications for that basic idea of popular power ; they are doing no more than engaging in the latest reinterpretation , or fresh application , of the classic democratic idea .
and nor should they be , for if my contention is correct , they are simply discovering new applications for that basic idea of popular power ; they are doing no more than engaging in the latest reinterpretation , or fresh [use] , of the classic democratic idea .

Certainly it does nothing to enhance the reputation of democracy when its application is seen to be so restricted and its outcome so ineffectual .
certainly it does nothing to enhance the reputation of democracy when its [use] is seen to be so restricted and its outcome so ineffectual .

If people are seriously interested in extending the application of the democratic principle with our society , it is certainly a model that could be adopted and adapted without serious practical difficulties in many other institutions .
if people are seriously interested in extending the [use] of the democratic principle with our society , it is certainly a model that could be adopted and adapted without serious practical difficulties in many other institutions .

problem solving , including the application of mathematics to everyday situations ;
problem solving , including the [use] of mathematics to everyday situations ;

The formulation of inductive generalizations ( using algebraic notation ) , or the application of rules to a new context , are more specific meanings attached to the term .
the formulation of inductive generalizations ( using algebraic notation ) , or the [use] of rules to a new context , are more specific meanings attached to the term .

It is true that not every subject or application yielded work we thought matched the excellence we hoped for and had already found in some areas .
it is true that not every subject or [use] yielded work we thought matched the excellence we hoped for and had already found in some areas .

the application or province of a favoured doctrine , theory , or calculus , perhaps something in which one has a proprietary interest .
the [use] or province of a favoured doctrine , theory , or calculus , perhaps something in which one has a proprietary interest .

Even conventions that are well established in principle such as those relating to cabinet collective responsibility may be vague in their application .
even conventions that are well established in principle such as those relating to cabinet collective responsibility may be vague in their [use] .

Emergency Debates are allowed at the discretion of the Speaker under Standing Order 20 if he considers that an application relates to `` a specific and important matter that should have urgent consideration . ``
emergency debates are allowed at the discretion of the speaker under standing order 20 if he considers that an [use] relates to `` a specific and important matter that should have urgent consideration . ``

The application must be supported by 40 members .
the [use] must be supported by 40 members .

At the 36 hour point the suspect must be charged , released or an application made for a warrant of further detention .
at the 36 hour point the suspect must be charged , released or an [use] made for a warrant of further detention .

An application for a warrant of further detention can be made up to 42 hours from the commencement of the detention clock , in a situation where the 36 hour period runs out at a time when it is not possible for a magistrate 's court to sit .
an [use] for a warrant of further detention can be made up to 42 hours from the commencement of the detention clock , in a situation where the 36 hour period runs out at a time when it is not possible for a magistrate 's court to sit .

If , however , it was reasonable for the police to make the application in time , the magistrates must dismiss any application made after the 36 hour point .
if , however , it was reasonable for the police to make the [use] in time , the magistrates must dismiss any [use] made after the 36 hour point .

An additional power is given by section 8 which allows an application to be made to a magistrate for a warrant to search for evidence of a serious arrestable offence .
an additional power is given by section 8 which allows an [use] to be made to a magistrate for a warrant to search for evidence of a serious arrestable offence .

An application for a writ of habeas corpus .
an [use] for a writ of habeas corpus .

Lord Reid , in a judgment which presaged a return to a much wider application of the rules , criticised the interpretation placed on Lord Atkin 's words in the Electricity Commissioner 's case .
lord reid , in a judgment which presaged a return to a much wider [use] of the rules , criticised the interpretation placed on lord atkin 's words in the electricity commissioner 's case .

It was left to subsequent decisions to extend the application of the rules still further to those decisions which did not affect a person 's legal rights but regulated the grant of a privilege , etc .
it was left to subsequent decisions to extend the [use] of the rules still further to those decisions which did not affect a person 's legal rights but regulated the grant of a privilege , etc .

The restriction on the application of the rules to disciplinary hearings involving prisoners was removed by the St. Germain case where the hearing was conducted by the Board of Visitors .
the restriction on the [use] of the rules to disciplinary hearings involving prisoners was removed by the st. germain case where the hearing was conducted by the board of visitors .

Many procedures used for isolating clusters of viable inside cells from either morulae ( > 16 cells ) or blastocysts ( > 32 cells ) are based on the application of cytotoxic reagents to the exterior of the embryo which will lyse the outer cells but not reach the inner cells due to the barrier provided by the tight junction permeability seal .
many procedures used for isolating clusters of viable inside cells from either morulae ( > 16 cells ) or blastocysts ( > 32 cells ) are based on the [use] of cytotoxic reagents to the exterior of the embryo which will lyse the outer cells but not reach the inner cells due to the barrier provided by the tight junction permeability seal .

( ix ) Re-fix the egg by an immediate application of Carnoy 's solution .
( ix ) re-fix the egg by an immediate [use] of carnoy 's solution .

Application of the technique to mammalian spermatocytes , pioneered by Moses ( 37–39 ) , has demonstrated its potential for the analysis of the behaviour of chromosome abnormalities at meiotic prophase as well as the analysis of normal meiotic development .
[use] of the technique to mammalian spermatocytes , pioneered by moses ( 37–39 ) , has demonstrated its potential for the analysis of the behaviour of chromosome abnormalities at meiotic prophase as well as the analysis of normal meiotic development .

The application of the spreading technique to oocytes has been of enormous benefit , just as in spermatocytes , in revealing intimate detail of pairing and other configurations at meiotic prophase .
the [use] of the spreading technique to oocytes has been of enormous benefit , just as in spermatocytes , in revealing intimate detail of pairing and other configurations at meiotic prophase .

Haemorrhage is avoided by the application of pressure from the toes upward as the `` stripper `` passes .
haemorrhage is avoided by the [use] of pressure from the toes upward as the `` stripper `` passes .

3 Application of a non-drainable bag with a protective flange attached .
3 [use] of a non-drainable bag with a protective flange attached .

Teachers are professionals who have been trained to deliver a curriculum which develops the learning and skills of young people while recognising the wider context of the application of this learning .
teachers are professionals who have been trained to deliver a curriculum which develops the learning and skills of young people while recognising the wider context of the [use] of this learning .

Even so , the involvement of experienced personnel managers is invaluable in activities such as completing application forms , writing letters of application and attending mock interviews .
even so , the involvement of experienced personnel managers is invaluable in activities such as completing [use] forms , writing letters of [use] and attending mock interviews .

If you participate in a mock interview programme you will be given an application form to fill in for the kind of job that might be available through the Compact .
if you participate in a mock interview programme you will be given an [use] form to fill in for the kind of job that might be available through the compact .

Watch out … direct application can be messy ; it 's often recommended that the stained area is first wetted , then rinsed afterwards .
watch out … direct [use] can be messy ; it 's often recommended that the stained area is first wetted , then rinsed afterwards .

Local authorities have distinctive features , however , that complicate the application of managerial theories .
local authorities have distinctive features , however , that complicate the [use] of managerial theories .

Nevertheless , they were greatly concerned with the idea of obtaining exact knowledge of the workings of society , and , living in a period when the natural sciences were making real strides in knowledge , felt that the application of natural science methods to the study of society might produce similar advances in understanding .
nevertheless , they were greatly concerned with the idea of obtaining exact knowledge of the workings of society , and , living in a period when the natural sciences were making real strides in knowledge , felt that the [use] of natural science methods to the study of society might produce similar advances in understanding .

The selection board interviewed him and rejected his application without further ado .
the selection board interviewed him and rejected his [use] without further ado .

On 4 July 1933 he made out an application to the Passport Office .
on 4 july 1933 he made out an [use] to the passport office .

That application still exists , accompanied by a head-and-shoulders photograph of Joyce , smartly-suited and with hair plastered down .
that [use] still exists , accompanied by a head-and-shoulders photograph of joyce , smartly-suited and with hair plastered down .

At that time it was not necessary to produce a birth certificate in support of the application .
at that time it was not necessary to produce a birth certificate in support of the [use] .

Norman Baillie-Stewart had suffered three years of bureaucratic delay while his application was passed from one office to another and back again .
norman baillie-stewart had suffered three years of bureaucratic delay while his [use] was passed from one office to another and back again .

The Secretary of State , Cordell Hull , believed that the application of trusteeship offered the most satisfactory solution , in part because he held that the Soviet Union and Kuomintang China would not work together after the Pacific War and that an American role in trusteeship with the Soviet Union , China and Great Britain would be indispensable .
the secretary of state , cordell hull , believed that the [use] of trusteeship offered the most satisfactory solution , in part because he held that the soviet union and kuomintang china would not work together after the pacific war and that an american role in trusteeship with the soviet union , china and great britain would be indispensable .

In Washington attention was focused on the application of trusteeship to Korea .
in washington attention was focused on the [use] of trusteeship to korea .

The total number of members of parties and organisations of Southern Korea which made application for consultations is recorded in the list submitted by the American delegation as 70 million persons .
the total number of members of parties and organisations of southern korea which made [use] for consultations is recorded in the list submitted by the american delegation as 70 million persons .

Far from being a source of cheap labour , the country has a talented work-force and the route forward is application of those skills , and their revolution by way of involvement and training .
far from being a source of cheap labour , the country has a talented work-force and the route forward is [use] of those skills , and their revolution by way of involvement and training .

As yet , there is no single standard version of Unix , but an increasing number of application software packages are being developed for these computers .
as yet , there is no single standard version of unix , but an increasing number of [use] software packages are being developed for these computers .

Further controversy was prompted by a manifesto issued from the self-styled South London Ratepayers ' Association which called for a ‘ display of fearless strength ’ by local people , advising that ‘ a discriminating application of the ‘ cat-o'-nine-tails ’ ’ will soon sweep away this reign of terror ' .
further controversy was prompted by a manifesto issued from the self-styled south london ratepayers ' association which called for a ‘ display of fearless strength ’ by local people , advising that ‘ a discriminating [use] of the ‘ cat-o'-nine-tails ’ ’ will soon sweep away this reign of terror ' .

Indeed , as the study of the law emerging from the application of these laws makes clear , it was the formalisation of war , bringing a set of rules to apply to its conduct , which men were trying to achieve .
indeed , as the study of the law emerging from the [use] of these laws makes clear , it was the formalisation of war , bringing a set of rules to apply to its conduct , which men were trying to achieve .

The application of such skills led to the greater control of an army and , as a consequence , to its more effective use as a military arm .
the [use] of such skills led to the greater control of an army and , as a consequence , to its more effective use as a military arm .

This vanilla- coloured gel-emulsion has a slightly fruity scent ; on application it is instantly absorbed by the skin , causing an extraordinary chilling sensation .
this vanilla- coloured gel-emulsion has a slightly fruity scent ; on [use] it is instantly absorbed by the skin , causing an extraordinary chilling sensation .

Brilliant colours are harder to wear on the face and require some circumspection in their application .
brilliant colours are harder to wear on the face and require some circumspection in their [use] .

Bolder colours need to be blended smoothly , as faults in application will always be more obvious .
bolder colours need to be blended smoothly , as faults in [use] will always be more obvious .

The Active Gel Network consists of very fine links which release under the pressure of application and then re-form , holding colour pigments , ultraviolet filters and oils on the surface and allowing the moisturising agents to penetrate .
the active gel network consists of very fine links which release under the pressure of [use] and then re-form , holding colour pigments , ultraviolet filters and oils on the surface and allowing the moisturising agents to penetrate .

With three floors of showrooms offering ceramic tiles for every application , from Period to Modern ; exclusive ranges from around the world including handmade Delft , Murals and Terracotta ; and providing professional advice and technical assistance ; we are sure Ceramique Internationale Limited can meet your every creative requirement .
with three floors of showrooms offering ceramic tiles for every [use] , from period to modern ; exclusive ranges from around the world including handmade delft , murals and terracotta ; and providing professional advice and technical assistance ; we are sure ceramique internationale limited can meet your every creative requirement .

The rules of the scheme provide that the application for arbitration must be made within nine months of the date of return from the holiday but in special circumstances it may still be offered outside this period .
the rules of the scheme provide that the [use] for arbitration must be made within nine months of the date of return from the holiday but in special circumstances it may still be offered outside this period .

Realism , as described in the last chapter , is essentially a call for the application of scientific method .
realism , as described in the last chapter , is essentially a call for the [use] of scientific method .

The effect of this self-censorship of doubts and the application of sanctions to any dissenter results in policy fiascos .
the effect of this self-censorship of doubts and the [use] of sanctions to any dissenter results in policy fiascos .

The issue received no profound discussion at the Tenth Session of the Conference , but the Rapporteur felt able to declare , in a passage set in capital letters , that the ‘ authentic interpretation of the Commission ’ favoured its obligatory application .
the issue received no profound discussion at the tenth session of the conference , but the rapporteur felt able to declare , in a passage set in capital letters , that the ‘ authentic interpretation of the commission ’ favoured its obligatory [use] .

The Bavarian position appears untenable , as the matter is surely a civil one and Article 13 expressly prohibits a refusal based on the ground that the internal law of the state of destination would not permit the action on which the application was based .
the bavarian position appears untenable , as the matter is surely a civil one and article 13 expressly prohibits a refusal based on the ground that the internal law of the state of destination would not permit the action on which the [use] was based .

An application for relief may be filed only within a reasonable time after the defendant has knowledge of the judgment .
an [use] for relief may be filed only within a reasonable time after the defendant has knowledge of the judgment .

However , a Contracting State is entitled to declare that an application must be filed within a stated period from the date of entry of the judgment , a period which must not be less than one year .
however , a contracting state is entitled to declare that an [use] must be filed within a stated period from the date of entry of the judgment , a period which must not be less than one year .

All these orders are made after an application by summons or notice , giving the defendant an opportunity to be heard .
all these orders are made after an [use] by summons or notice , giving the defendant an opportunity to be heard .

Counsel on both sides seem to have accepted that an Anton Piller order could have extra-territorial reach ; the challenge made for the defendant rested partly on an argument that an English court could not deal with title to or possession of foreign immovables ( rejected as there was an equity between the parties ) and partly on a plea of forum non conveniens ( rejected on the facts , and because reliance on an application in an alternative forum would cause a delay during which assets could be disposed of ) .
counsel on both sides seem to have accepted that an anton piller order could have extra-territorial reach ; the challenge made for the defendant rested partly on an argument that an english court could not deal with title to or possession of foreign immovables ( rejected as there was an equity between the parties ) and partly on a plea of forum non conveniens ( rejected on the facts , and because reliance on an [use] in an alternative forum would cause a delay during which assets could be disposed of ) .

That scarcely encourages attempts to justify extra-territorial application of the principle .
that scarcely encourages attempts to justify extra-territorial [use] of the principle .

It may , however , be possible for a plaintiff to achieve the desired result by making a concurrent application for a similar order in the courts of the relevant foreign country , though the availability of such orders will obviously depend upon the local law .
it may , however , be possible for a plaintiff to achieve the desired result by making a concurrent [use] for a similar order in the courts of the relevant foreign country , though the availability of such orders will obviously depend upon the local law .

On an application for any interim relief under subsection ( 1 ) the court may refuse to grant that relief if , in the opinion of the court , the fact that the court has no jurisdiction apart from this section in relation to the subject-matter of the proceedings in question makes it inexpedient for the court to grant it .
on an [use] for any interim relief under subsection ( 1 ) the court may refuse to grant that relief if , in the opinion of the court , the fact that the court has no jurisdiction apart from this section in relation to the subject-matter of the proceedings in question makes it inexpedient for the court to grant it .

that the application is made bona fide ;
that the [use] is made bona fide ;

As with any other interlocutory application , the applicant must act promptly and with frankness .
as with any other interlocutory [use] , the applicant must act promptly and with frankness .

The order may be made pursuant to a letter rogatory issued , or request made , by a foreign or international tribunal or upon the application of any interested person and may direct that the testimony or statement be given , or the document or other thing be produced , before a person appointed by the court .
the order may be made pursuant to a letter rogatory issued , or request made , by a foreign or international tribunal or upon the [use] of any interested person and may direct that the testimony or statement be given , or the document or other thing be produced , before a person appointed by the court .

It will be seen from the text of the section that it does not require a Letter of Request to be issued ; an application may be made directly by any interested person , a litigant , a foreign government official , or a prosecutor such as the English Director of Public Prosecutions .
it will be seen from the text of the section that it does not require a letter of request to be issued ; an [use] may be made directly by any interested person , a litigant , a foreign government official , or a prosecutor such as the english director of public prosecutions .

The text , and indeed the full title , of the Convention limits its field of application to ‘ civil or commercial matters ’ .
the text , and indeed the full title , of the convention limits its field of [use] to ‘ civil or commercial matters ’ .

The meaning of this troublesome phrase was a central issue in the English case of The State of Norway 's Application which was twice considered by the Court of Appeal and once by the House of Lords .
the meaning of this troublesome phrase was a central issue in the english case of the state of norway 's [use] which was twice considered by the court of appeal and once by the house of lords .

The Act gives certain powers to the High Court where an application is made for an order for evidence to be obtained in England , and the court is satisfied that the application is made in pursuance of a request issued by or on behalf of a court or tribunal exercising jurisdiction in another part of the United Kingdom or some other country , and that the evidence sought is to be obtained for the purposes of civil proceedings which have either been instituted before the requesting court or whose institution is contemplated .
the act gives certain powers to the high court where an [use] is made for an order for evidence to be obtained in england , and the court is satisfied that the [use] is made in pursuance of a request issued by or on behalf of a court or tribunal exercising jurisdiction in another part of the united kingdom or some other country , and that the evidence sought is to be obtained for the purposes of civil proceedings which have either been instituted before the requesting court or whose institution is contemplated .

The court , in practice a Master of the Queen 's Bench Division , can make an appropriate order to give effect to the request underlying the application .
the court , in practice a master of the queen 's bench division , can make an appropriate order to give effect to the request underlying the [use] .

An order may not be made under section 2 requiring a person to state what documents relevant to the proceedings to which the application relates are , or have been , in his possession , custody or power ; or to produce any documents other than particular documents specified in the order as being documents appearing to the High Court court to be , or to be likely to be , in his possession , custody or power .
an order may not be made under section 2 requiring a person to state what documents relevant to the proceedings to which the [use] relates are , or have been , in his possession , custody or power ; or to produce any documents other than particular documents specified in the order as being documents appearing to the high court court to be , or to be likely to be , in his possession , custody or power .

Witnesses and documents located there are required to be taken out of that country for production before the authorities of the United States or before persons acting with the backing of the courts of that country ; it must appear to be an attempt to give world-wide application to the procedural rules of the United States .
witnesses and documents located there are required to be taken out of that country for production before the authorities of the united states or before persons acting with the backing of the courts of that country ; it must appear to be an attempt to give world-wide [use] to the procedural rules of the united states .

The Hague Convention has no application at all to the production of evidence in [ the United States ] by a party subject to the jurisdiction of a district court pursuant to the Federal Rules .
the hague convention has no [use] at all to the production of evidence in [ the united states ] by a party subject to the jurisdiction of a district court pursuant to the federal rules .

The deviance lies not in the act itself but is a consequence of the application by ‘ moral entrepreneurs ’ of rules and sanctions to the offender .
the deviance lies not in the act itself but is a consequence of the [use] by ‘ moral entrepreneurs ’ of rules and sanctions to the offender .

Whilst we recognize the conceptual problems associated with rules and their application , the approach in the ethogenic study of the football and classroom cultures has been a pragmatic one .
whilst we recognize the conceptual problems associated with rules and their [use] , the approach in the ethogenic study of the football and classroom cultures has been a pragmatic one .

It is the author 's view that , when referring to the interdisciplinary use of law and economics , there is no particular ‘ brand ’ or ‘ mix ’ of economics and law in mind , except that which might be called the ‘ tentative application of economics to law ’ .
it is the author 's view that , when referring to the interdisciplinary use of law and economics , there is no particular ‘ brand ’ or ‘ mix ’ of economics and law in mind , except that which might be called the ‘ tentative [use] of economics to law ’ .

It is based on the assumption that the use of economics as an explanatory tool in the field of legal analysis has its limitations , but , that , notwithstanding these limitations , there exists a value in the application of basic economic concepts to regulatory problems in the financial markets .
it is based on the assumption that the use of economics as an explanatory tool in the field of legal analysis has its limitations , but , that , notwithstanding these limitations , there exists a value in the [use] of basic economic concepts to regulatory problems in the financial markets .

By implication , therefore , the analysis is sceptical of the use of economics when applied to those problems with no obvious economic origin and suggests a ‘ tentative ’ application of economic analyses to those areas which do .
by implication , therefore , the analysis is sceptical of the use of economics when applied to those problems with no obvious economic origin and suggests a ‘ tentative ’ [use] of economic analyses to those areas which do .

It is inevitable , therefore , that problems in this respect will carry through to a tentative application of economics to law .
it is inevitable , therefore , that problems in this respect will carry through to a tentative [use] of economics to law .

An application of this analysis is , for example , where the temptation for a conglomerate ( ultimately controlled by individuals ) to trade on inside information arises from the financial incentives accruing to it ( and ultimately the controllers ) .
an [use] of this analysis is , for example , where the temptation for a conglomerate ( ultimately controlled by individuals ) to trade on inside information arises from the financial incentives accruing to it ( and ultimately the controllers ) .

The tentative application of economics to law overcomes the problems associated with pure legal scholarship by taking elements of both approaches in order to provide alternative perspectives from which to view the one problem .
the tentative [use] of economics to law overcomes the problems associated with pure legal scholarship by taking elements of both approaches in order to provide alternative perspectives from which to view the one problem .

While difficulties in calculating harm may impede the application of the ‘ harm-to-others ’ principle , the regulation of insider dealing should not stand or fall on the fact that proof of harm is difficult to acquire .
while difficulties in calculating harm may impede the [use] of the ‘ harm-to-others ’ principle , the regulation of insider dealing should not stand or fall on the fact that proof of harm is difficult to acquire .

Firstly , Anne Seller 's paper argues that the view of knowledge as a correct description of the world has only limited application .
firstly , anne seller 's paper argues that the view of knowledge as a correct description of the world has only limited [use] .

The paradigm of coercion , writes Frye , is not the direct application of physical force .
the paradigm of coercion , writes frye , is not the direct [use] of physical force .

The firm application of market methods of control would have yielded a rise in interest rates which would have provided , albeit more slowly , the allocative mechanism rather than the banks having to discriminate against one customer in favour of another .
the firm [use] of market methods of control would have yielded a rise in interest rates which would have provided , albeit more slowly , the allocative mechanism rather than the banks having to discriminate against one customer in favour of another .

Thus it was argued that the non-market methods of control were discriminatory , limited in their application , and somewhat clumsy as instruments , producing distortions and inequities within the financial system .
thus it was argued that the non-market methods of control were discriminatory , limited in their [use] , and somewhat clumsy as instruments , producing distortions and inequities within the financial system .

The Family Endowment Society widened the basis of its support in the 1920s because ‘ family allowances could be approached from so many directions with such an infinite variety of emphasis and application .
the family endowment society widened the basis of its support in the 1920s because ‘ family allowances could be approached from so many directions with such an infinite variety of emphasis and [use] .

It is this latter application which has importance for modern sociology , but some understanding of the concept of the unconscious as first developed by Freud is necessary before considering its application to social institutions and society generally .
it is this latter [use] which has importance for modern sociology , but some understanding of the concept of the unconscious as first developed by freud is necessary before considering its [use] to social institutions and society generally .

These two basic areas of human activity are central to Freud 's theory and to its application to human societies , as will be seen throughout the chapters which follow .
these two basic areas of human activity are central to freud 's theory and to its [use] to human societies , as will be seen throughout the chapters which follow .

Conscience has no application to anything that is done for the sake of the object ; … The object has been put in the place of the ego ideal .
conscience has no [use] to anything that is done for the sake of the object ; … the object has been put in the place of the ego ideal .

The application of the theory to some aspects of Christianity is outlined by Freud , without any claim to analyse all the aspects of that religion .
the [use] of the theory to some aspects of christianity is outlined by freud , without any claim to analyse all the aspects of that religion .

The theory only has application in specific types of social structure , namely , those that are totemic in structure and matrilineal in descent , like some of the Australian aboriginal societies Freud used in his work .
the theory only has [use] in specific types of social structure , namely , those that are totemic in structure and matrilineal in descent , like some of the australian aboriginal societies freud used in his work .

They seem to have a reasonably clear meaning , and have the merit of linking diverse bits of information together in a coherent pattern , and it provides an explanation for the content of Judaism and Christianity especially , and may have some application for understanding and explaining the ritual developments in Hinduism and Buddhism , as will be illustrated in Chapter 5 .
they seem to have a reasonably clear meaning , and have the merit of linking diverse bits of information together in a coherent pattern , and it provides an explanation for the content of judaism and christianity especially , and may have some [use] for understanding and explaining the ritual developments in hinduism and buddhism , as will be illustrated in chapter 5 .

Although it is the case that many of Freud 's speculations were mistaken , something he half , if not fully , expected would happen within biology , it is not possible to ignore the other aspects of the death-instinct theory which have an application within psychoanalysis , and its extension into sociology .
although it is the case that many of freud 's speculations were mistaken , something he half , if not fully , expected would happen within biology , it is not possible to ignore the other aspects of the death-instinct theory which have an [use] within psychoanalysis , and its extension into sociology .

The Secretary of State is now likely to call in the application and subject it to a public enquiry .
the secretary of state is now likely to call in the [use] and subject it to a public enquiry .

The most recent example is an application by MacLeod Estates to construct an 80 seater restaurant and exhibition centre at Glenbrittle .
the most recent example is an [use] by macleod estates to construct an 80 seater restaurant and exhibition centre at glenbrittle .

There is an externality about the Buddhist symbol 's application here , and the doubts raised by that are with self-vindication .
there is an externality about the buddhist symbol 's [use] here , and the doubts raised by that are with self-vindication .

Chief executive of Tendring District Council , David Mitchell-Gears , is scheduled to appear on Channel 4 News at 7pm to talk about the application .
chief executive of tendring district council , david mitchell-gears , is scheduled to appear on channel 4 news at 7pm to talk about the [use] .

‘ It is very important to Tendring that our application is successful and clearly we will continue to do everything we can to achieve this , ’ he said .
‘ it is very important to tendring that our [use] is successful and clearly we will continue to do everything we can to achieve this , ’ he said .

However , Mr Ayre said it was ‘ more than likely ’ the school 's application for grant maintained status would be approved .
however , mr ayre said it was ‘ more than likely ’ the school 's [use] for grant maintained status would be approved .

Mr Justice Mantell threw out an application by Wandsworth Council for an injunction to block the boycott of national curriculum testing .
mr justice mantell threw out an [use] by wandsworth council for an injunction to block the boycott of national curriculum testing .

Water can applied at a lower application rate in a much faster time or heavier rate if required simply by adjusting the travel speed .
water can applied at a lower [use] rate in a much faster time or heavier rate if required simply by adjusting the travel speed .

There is no standard application form or licence .
there is no standard [use] form or licence .

The proceedings include a description of obtaining mineral exploration permission in South-west England and the planning application system .
the proceedings include a description of obtaining mineral exploration permission in south-west england and the planning [use] system .

Each application is considered on its merits .
each [use] is considered on its merits .

The application will be considered by a planning committee .
the [use] will be considered by a planning committee .

Developers are strongly advised to discuss their proposals with the Minerals Officer first before making any formal application .
developers are strongly advised to discuss their proposals with the minerals officer first before making any formal [use] .

After the planning committee has considered the planning application they may decide to approve it , refuse it , or approve it subject to certain conditions .
after the planning committee has considered the planning [use] they may decide to approve it , refuse it , or approve it subject to certain conditions .

If the application is refused , or the conditions are unacceptable , the applicant has the right of appeal to the Secretary of State for the Environment .
if the [use] is refused , or the conditions are unacceptable , the applicant has the right of appeal to the secretary of state for the environment .

An appeal following refusal of a minerals application usually results in a public inquiry , conducted by a planning inspector , in order that all individuals or organisations with a genuine interest may be given the opportunity of presenting their case .
an appeal following refusal of a minerals [use] usually results in a public inquiry , conducted by a planning inspector , in order that all individuals or organisations with a genuine interest may be given the opportunity of presenting their case .

One recent called in application was that for the Hemerdon tungsten tin open pit deposit on the border of the Dartmoor National Park .
one recent called in [use] was that for the hemerdon tungsten tin open pit deposit on the border of the dartmoor national park .

The application was approved , subject to certain conditions .
the [use] was approved , subject to certain conditions .

Remember that a light application of spray is better than over-spraying .
remember that a light [use] of spray is better than over-spraying .

Design work can also be registered by application to the Design Registry ( ass address ) .
design work can also be registered by [use] to the design registry ( ass address ) .

An application for bail by Piller 's lawyer was refused by Braintree magistrates .
an [use] for bail by piller 's lawyer was refused by braintree magistrates .

Textbooks published by the Institute/Faculty are available to tutors free of charge for the subject in which they are tutoring on application to the office of the Education Service .
textbooks published by the institute/faculty are available to tutors free of charge for the subject in which they are tutoring on [use] to the office of the education service .

damage to tyres by application of brakes or by punctures cuts or bursts
damage to tyres by [use] of brakes or by punctures cuts or bursts

damage to tyres by application of brakes or by road punctures cuts or bursts
damage to tyres by [use] of brakes or by road punctures cuts or bursts

( b ) List 5 important items of information which should appear in a letter of application written by a person applying for a first job .
( b ) list 5 important items of information which should appear in a letter of [use] written by a person applying for a first job .

Forms of application for registration as a Local Centre may be obtained on application to the Board .
forms of [use] for registration as a local centre may be obtained on [use] to the board .

Forms of application for registration as a Local Centre may be obtained on application to the Board .
forms of [use] for registration as a local centre may be obtained on [use] to the board .

Entries must be made on special forms which can be obtained on application to the Board .
entries must be made on special forms which can be obtained on [use] to the board .

The application of the recommendations is already showing drilling improvements at the Cupiagua-2 and Cupiagua-3 wells , Fear says , adding that these results also need to be transferred to people who will drill wells yet to be started .
the [use] of the recommendations is already showing drilling improvements at the cupiagua-2 and cupiagua-3 wells , fear says , adding that these results also need to be transferred to people who will drill wells yet to be started .

‘ The Daniels meters are , in my opinion , the best flow measurement equipment available for this specific application .
‘ the daniels meters are , in my opinion , the best flow measurement equipment available for this specific [use] .

Astrid told BPXpress : ‘ The target increase in recoverable oil and gas reserves is equivalent to four new Ula and Gyda fields ! Through increased understanding of the reservoirs and the application of new , advanced technology , we shall be able to enhance production and the recovery factor . ’
astrid told bpxpress : ‘ the target increase in recoverable oil and gas reserves is equivalent to four new ula and gyda fields ! through increased understanding of the reservoirs and the [use] of new , advanced technology , we shall be able to enhance production and the recovery factor . ’

‘ This application of emerging technology has allowed us to locate the 1993 exploration well with greater confidence and to facilitate early 1994 well location planning .
‘ this [use] of emerging technology has allowed us to locate the 1993 exploration well with greater confidence and to facilitate early 1994 well location planning .

The application of technology is one of the cornerstones of the ability of ROCs to meet their business targets .
the [use] of technology is one of the cornerstones of the ability of rocs to meet their business targets .

Application of new technology inevitably involves some degree of risk .
[use] of new technology inevitably involves some degree of risk .

‘ To achieve high sustained performance in any technology application we must have the right processes and the right behaviour .
‘ to achieve high sustained performance in any technology [use] we must have the right processes and the right behaviour .

This specific and complex test was required , the experts say , because the Cusiana rock is quite variable , a condition that could not allow for the application of routine technology to asses well productivity .
this specific and complex test was required , the experts say , because the cusiana rock is quite variable , a condition that could not allow for the [use] of routine technology to asses well productivity .

The Application Process
the [use] process

The application of the material covered in the first six subjects to professional problems is tested in the last four subjects .
the [use] of the material covered in the first six subjects to professional problems is tested in the last four subjects .

monitor compliance with existing regulations to ensure consistency of application across the Group and to confirm that compliance is taking place .
monitor compliance with existing regulations to ensure consistency of [use] across the group and to confirm that compliance is taking place .

further work on the application of some of the personal and social development modules to a European context
further work on the [use] of some of the personal and social development modules to a european context

Engineering practice awards will directly support the application of practical skills in particular disciplines .
engineering practice awards will directly support the [use] of practical skills in particular disciplines .

allow breadth of application .
allow breadth of [use] .

The group award should be designed to allow breadth of application and reflect the needs associated with problem solving and task management .
the group award should be designed to allow breadth of [use] and reflect the needs associated with problem solving and task management .

The group award should specify outcomes which place due emphasis on the application of skills , knowledge and understanding in the conditions of the workplace .
the group award should specify outcomes which place due emphasis on the [use] of skills , knowledge and understanding in the conditions of the workplace .

competent in the application and evaluation of the types of assessment relevant to the award .
competent in the [use] and evaluation of the types of assessment relevant to the award .

This is to enable us to continue to build up a database on the application of our provision in response to special needs .
this is to enable us to continue to build up a database on the [use] of our provision in response to special needs .

Insecticides used for control are designed to have a residual action which goes on killing cockroaches several months after the initial application .
insecticides used for control are designed to have a residual action which goes on killing cockroaches several months after the initial [use] .

( 3 ) Damage to or loss of a motor vehicle and/or its accessories whilst in the hands of a Maker Repairer Garage Proprietor Selling Agent or Coachbuilder who is insured for such loss or damage , or liability for such loss or damage the loss damage or liability shall be admitted and dealt with by the party hereto insuring the Maker Repairer Garage Proprietor Selling Agent or Coachbuilder subject to the limits of its policy , and if other insurance in respect of loss of or damage to such vehicle and/or its accessories exists with the other party hereto the latter shall subject to the limits of its policy reimburse to the insurer of the Maker Repairer Garage Proprietor Selling Agent or Coachbuilder one-half of the amount paid in respect of such loss or damage . Note : — In the application of this Clause where there is an excess under either or both policies the following shall apply : —
( 3 ) damage to or loss of a motor vehicle and/or its accessories whilst in the hands of a maker repairer garage proprietor selling agent or coachbuilder who is insured for such loss or damage , or liability for such loss or damage the loss damage or liability shall be admitted and dealt with by the party hereto insuring the maker repairer garage proprietor selling agent or coachbuilder subject to the limits of its policy , and if other insurance in respect of loss of or damage to such vehicle and/or its accessories exists with the other party hereto the latter shall subject to the limits of its policy reimburse to the insurer of the maker repairer garage proprietor selling agent or coachbuilder one-half of the amount paid in respect of such loss or damage . note : — in the [use] of this clause where there is an excess under either or both policies the following shall apply : —

Where an excess applies on the basis of a percentage of the value of the claim rather than a fixed amount , the application of the clause will be determined by the actual amount of the excess to be applied when the cost of damage has been assessed .
where an excess applies on the basis of a percentage of the value of the claim rather than a fixed amount , the [use] of the clause will be determined by the actual amount of the excess to be applied when the cost of damage has been assessed .

Where one vehicle collides with a number of other vehicles causing a series of two vehicle collisions such a situation will be regarded as a multi-vehicle collision thereby excluding its application from the terms of the Partial Indemnity Clause .
where one vehicle collides with a number of other vehicles causing a series of two vehicle collisions such a situation will be regarded as a multi-vehicle collision thereby excluding its [use] from the terms of the partial indemnity clause .

Where a secondary collision occurs after an initial impact between two vehicles , this will be considered as one collision involving more than two vehicles irrespective of the extent of the time lapse between the two collisions , thus excluding the application of the Partial Indemnity Clause .
where a secondary collision occurs after an initial impact between two vehicles , this will be considered as one collision involving more than two vehicles irrespective of the extent of the time lapse between the two collisions , thus excluding the [use] of the partial indemnity clause .

Where the cover which applies to the towing unit is different from that applicable to the trailer , the application of the Partial Indemnity Clause will be governed by the cover applying to the towing unit .
where the cover which applies to the towing unit is different from that applicable to the trailer , the [use] of the partial indemnity clause will be governed by the cover applying to the towing unit .

However if the trailer is detached deliberately the application of the Partial Indemnity ’ Clause will be governed by the cover applying to the trailer .
however if the trailer is detached deliberately the [use] of the partial indemnity ’ clause will be governed by the cover applying to the trailer .

d objected and claimed records were discoverable , making such an application , or a stay of action pending authority from p .
d objected and claimed records were discoverable , making such an [use] , or a stay of action pending authority from p .

the pursuer succeeded in his application for an interim payment against his employer who argued they should only be liable to pay 50 % because of the alleged negligence of the master of a ship .
the pursuer succeeded in his [use] for an interim payment against his employer who argued they should only be liable to pay 50 % because of the alleged negligence of the master of a ship .

Our approach to the application of the Excess and the Sum Insured has changed in discussion with the Insurance Ombudsman .
our approach to the [use] of the excess and the sum insured has changed in discussion with the insurance ombudsman .

Section 12 of the Administration of Justice Act , 1982 , provides for an application by a pursuer for provisional damages in circumstances where : — ‘ There is proved or admitted to be a risk that at some definite or indefinite time in the future , the injured person will , as a result of the act or omission which gave rise to the cause of the action , develop some serious disease or suffer some serious deterioration in his physical or mental condition ’ .
section 12 of the administration of justice act , 1982 , provides for an [use] by a pursuer for provisional damages in circumstances where : — ‘ there is proved or admitted to be a risk that at some definite or indefinite time in the future , the injured person will , as a result of the act or omission which gave rise to the cause of the action , develop some serious disease or suffer some serious deterioration in his physical or mental condition ’ .

The first point to be noted is that the Court may make the award on the application of the injured person .
the first point to be noted is that the court may make the award on the [use] of the injured person .

Until recently , it was assumed that the section would operate only where the pursuer had a specific Conclusion in his Summons seeking provisional damages , but a recent opinion of Lord McCluskey is to the effect that the pursuer can make an application that his case be treated as one seeking provisional damages at any stage during the case .
until recently , it was assumed that the section would operate only where the pursuer had a specific conclusion in his summons seeking provisional damages , but a recent opinion of lord mccluskey is to the effect that the pursuer can make an [use] that his case be treated as one seeking provisional damages at any stage during the case .

The rules of the Scheme and guidance on its application may be found in the Civil Service Pay and Conditions of Service Code .
the rules of the scheme and guidance on its [use] may be found in the civil service pay and conditions of service code .

Acquisition accounting to be used for all business combinations where a party can be identified as having the role of an acquirer , since this method of accounting reflects the application of resources by the acquirer and shows the value of the net assets acquired .
acquisition accounting to be used for all business combinations where a party can be identified as having the role of an acquirer , since this method of accounting reflects the [use] of resources by the acquirer and shows the value of the net assets acquired .

While the Lord Chancellor 's Advisory Committee accepted the majority of the Society 's application last year , negotiations have focused since then on the position of employed solicitors , whom the Society maintains should be granted wider rights alongside their private practice colleagues .
while the lord chancellor 's advisory committee accepted the majority of the society 's [use] last year , negotiations have focused since then on the position of employed solicitors , whom the society maintains should be granted wider rights alongside their private practice colleagues .

Client care , at its most basic and in common with a great many practice development concepts , is the application of common sense : giving the clients what they want , putting the client first and , above all , asking clients for their views on what constitutes good service .
client care , at its most basic and in common with a great many practice development concepts , is the [use] of common sense : giving the clients what they want , putting the client first and , above all , asking clients for their views on what constitutes good service .

Richard Coleman , managing directors of Compass Commercial Services , agreed that the MoD was a significant marketplace , although most of the contracts were now being let on a retender basis and a new insecurity in what was already a high risk business had recently presented itself — the application to the public sector of Transfer of Undertakings legislation , when incoming contractors are obliged to retain staff at current rates of pay , terms and conditions , or pick up the redundancy liability .
richard coleman , managing directors of compass commercial services , agreed that the mod was a significant marketplace , although most of the contracts were now being let on a retender basis and a new insecurity in what was already a high risk business had recently presented itself — the [use] to the public sector of transfer of undertakings legislation , when incoming contractors are obliged to retain staff at current rates of pay , terms and conditions , or pick up the redundancy liability .

Not surprisingly , every loan application is scrutinised with the deep scepticism born of sad experience .
not surprisingly , every loan [use] is scrutinised with the deep scepticism born of sad experience .

We focused on enquirers to courses in science , mathematics and engineering and on those who had completed an application for a course but who for one reason or another had not enrolled for it .
we focused on enquirers to courses in science , mathematics and engineering and on those who had completed an [use] for a course but who for one reason or another had not enrolled for it .

Unsurprisingly , since some institutions have literally thousands of enquirers , records are seldom kept of those who do not follow up an enquiry with an application .
unsurprisingly , since some institutions have literally thousands of enquirers , records are seldom kept of those who do not follow up an enquiry with an [use] .

The most recently introduced new degree course , Marine Biology , has experienced very buoyant application and entry rates .
the most recently introduced new degree course , marine biology , has experienced very buoyant [use] and entry rates .

If you would like to join , complete the application form with your appointment letter , or ask your local representative for a form .
if you would like to join , complete the [use] form with your appointment letter , or ask your local representative for a form .

An application for a Makro card has been turned down and recommendation received that the one belonging to the Village Association should be used .
an [use] for a makro card has been turned down and recommendation received that the one belonging to the village association should be used .

Planning An application has again been made by London and Clydesdale Estates for a housing development at Woodhall Mains Farm .
planning an [use] has again been made by london and clydesdale estates for a housing development at woodhall mains farm .

Since formal application for the erection of suitable fencing would only result in further delay it was decided to proceed on our own .
since formal [use] for the erection of suitable fencing would only result in further delay it was decided to proceed on our own .

Woodhall Farm This major application has again been submitted but the Village Association has lodged an objection .
woodhall farm this major [use] has again been submitted but the village association has lodged an objection .

Planning application for Football Stadiums at Millerhill , Hermiston , Straiton and Ingliston .
planning [use] for football stadiums at millerhill , hermiston , straiton and ingliston .

Planning An application has been submitted for the erection of 27 houses for the site formerly used by Fraser 's Caravans .
planning an [use] has been submitted for the erection of 27 houses for the site formerly used by fraser 's caravans .

An application form for renewal of the subscription to the Water of Leith conservation Trust .
an [use] form for renewal of the subscription to the water of leith conservation trust .

but an application has been submitted to withdraw £1,800 for the tennis courts .
but an [use] has been submitted to withdraw £1,800 for the tennis courts .

The new application runs from 9.00 am and extends to 1.00 on Friday and Saturday nights ,
the new [use] runs from 9.00 am and extends to 1.00 on friday and saturday nights ,

Hermiston Park Application .
hermiston park [use] .

Notice of a Planning Application by Mr & Mrs Fraser to erect a conservatory at 2 Belmont Road .
notice of a planning [use] by mr & mrs fraser to erect a conservatory at 2 belmont road .

An application has been made to establish a hot food shop adjacent to the chip shop .
an [use] has been made to establish a hot food shop adjacent to the chip shop .

The application for an extension has again been turned down .
the [use] for an extension has again been turned down .

Application for hall booking from the Baberton Mains Neighbourhood Watch for Monday , 23rd September .
[use] for hall booking from the baberton mains neighbourhood watch for monday , 23rd september .

An application for part-time evening work .
an [use] for part-time evening work .

3 Language as a means of communication . In the context of this course , it will be useful to examine the application of the study of communication to the function of public relations , so the final three sections will focus on :
3 language as a means of communication . in the context of this course , it will be useful to examine the [use] of the study of communication to the function of public relations , so the final three sections will focus on :

It became clear that the early models , while providing useful tools for progress in the study of communication theory , were limited in their application .
it became clear that the early models , while providing useful tools for progress in the study of communication theory , were limited in their [use] .

Thank you for your application for the above post which is receiving attention .
thank you for your [use] for the above post which is receiving attention .

If you have not been called for interview within four weeks of the closing date of , please assume that your application has been unsuccessful .
if you have not been called for interview within four weeks of the closing date of , please assume that your [use] has been unsuccessful .

Your application for 3 days compassionate leave is , of course , granted .
your [use] for 3 days compassionate leave is , of course , granted .

Members are aware of the above called-in planning application and of the schedule of meetings arranged to consider the matter .
members are aware of the above called-in planning [use] and of the schedule of meetings arranged to consider the matter .

The recreation park application is unlikely to have any strategic planning significance and therefore the Regional Council will not have any involvement in its consideration which will be a matter for the District Council .
the recreation park [use] is unlikely to have any strategic planning significance and therefore the regional council will not have any involvement in its consideration which will be a matter for the district council .

Your agency has made application for an Urban Programme grant in the round of grant submissions for 1993/94 , and this letter is to keep you informed of progress in the assessment process for such applications .
your agency has made [use] for an urban programme grant in the round of grant submissions for 1993/94 , and this letter is to keep you informed of progress in the assessment process for such applications .

The Social Policy Subcommittee on 16 November 1992 made a change in the priority for your application within the overall package from the indication made in my earlier letter .
the social policy subcommittee on 16 november 1992 made a change in the priority for your [use] within the overall package from the indication made in my earlier letter .

The application will now go forward as a
the [use] will now go forward as a

As this means that the application will now be submitted in two weeks to the Scottish Office , urgent contact will be made by your sponsor Dept to confirm that costings and other information is accurate for submission .
as this means that the [use] will now be submitted in two weeks to the scottish office , urgent contact will be made by your sponsor dept to confirm that costings and other information is accurate for submission .

Your application was one of a number which were recommended only in reduced form , by following the committee decision the costs have been raised to those in your original application .
your [use] was one of a number which were recommended only in reduced form , by following the committee decision the costs have been raised to those in your original [use] .

Contact will be made by your sponsor to confirm that cost and other information for the full application is accurate for submission .
contact will be made by your sponsor to confirm that cost and other information for the full [use] is accurate for submission .

It is usual for applications to be considered in total rather than by elements within them , so the full application will be approved or refused through the national competition .
it is usual for applications to be considered in total rather than by elements within them , so the full [use] will be approved or refused through the national competition .

Your sponsor may also need additional information to meet these requirements , which are reflected in a completely new application form issued by the Scottish Office in September .
your sponsor may also need additional information to meet these requirements , which are reflected in a completely new [use] form issued by the scottish office in september .

Lothian Regional Council commented on the previous application ( No .
lothian regional council commented on the previous [use] ( no .

You will recall that the application was subsequently amended to 89 houses ( 62 houses and 27 flats ) .
you will recall that the [use] was subsequently amended to 89 houses ( 62 houses and 27 flats ) .

The current application ( No .
the current [use] ( no .

The appeal application involves the erection of an all seater football stadium and about 30 hectares of supporting commercial development within the Edinburgh Green Belt .
the appeal [use] involves the erection of an all seater football stadium and about 30 hectares of supporting commercial development within the edinburgh green belt .

Could you look over the guidelines in relation to this particular interest and give me your thought on how they might be improved for application in the Lothians .
could you look over the guidelines in relation to this particular interest and give me your thought on how they might be improved for [use] in the lothians .

The merits of a planning application lodged in August 1988 can hardly be expected to be judged on the basis of a yet to be prepared and approved Structure Plan Review and District-wide Local Plan , both of which will address a future Development Plan time period .
the merits of a planning [use] lodged in august 1988 can hardly be expected to be judged on the basis of a yet to be prepared and approved structure plan review and district-wide local plan , both of which will address a future development plan time period .

This programme has been through the first round of application approvals which saw the Regional Council gain around £17,000 to capital and around £600,000 to revenue .
this programme has been through the first round of [use] approvals which saw the regional council gain around £17,000 to capital and around £600,000 to revenue .

if some planning application consultations are delayed , this should be the result of a conscious decision , discussed with me — you will need to keep the team paperwork moving up to and during the inquiry .
if some planning [use] consultations are delayed , this should be the result of a conscious decision , discussed with me — you will need to keep the team paperwork moving up to and during the inquiry .

No news had been received from regarding the membership application from .
no news had been received from regarding the membership [use] from .

At the Technology Transfer Centre on the King 's Buildings site , a joint venture by the University and Edinburgh District Council , campus companies , set up by UnivEd , allow staff to progress individual projects through to commercial application with industrial partners .
at the technology transfer centre on the king 's buildings site , a joint venture by the university and edinburgh district council , campus companies , set up by unived , allow staff to progress individual projects through to commercial [use] with industrial partners .

Before making a formal application , candidates are strongly advised to write to the department in which they hope to study in order to obtain advice about their proposed study .
before making a formal [use] , candidates are strongly advised to write to the department in which they hope to study in order to obtain advice about their proposed study .

The application should be submitted through the department in which the candidate wishes to study ( except for the Faculty of Arts , Faculty of Law and Faculty of Veterinary Medicine where applications should be sent to the Faculty Postgraduate Office ) .
the [use] should be submitted through the department in which the candidate wishes to study ( except for the faculty of arts , faculty of law and faculty of veterinary medicine where applications should be sent to the faculty postgraduate office ) .

Documentary evidence of qualifications should be submitted with the application ; if this is not possible , it should be submitted as soon as possible afterwards .
documentary evidence of qualifications should be submitted with the [use] ; if this is not possible , it should be submitted as soon as possible afterwards .

If entry is sought in October , the application should be submitted , if at all possible , by 31st March .
if entry is sought in october , the [use] should be submitted , if at all possible , by 31st march .

If the department approves the application , it will recommend the candidate 's admission to the Faculty Postgraduate Studies Committee .
if the department approves the [use] , it will recommend the candidate 's admission to the faculty postgraduate studies committee .

Applicants with any disability are strongly advised to contact the Adviser to Students with Special Needs early and when possible at least a year before making formal application for entry to the University .
applicants with any disability are strongly advised to contact the adviser to students with special needs early and when possible at least a year before making formal [use] for entry to the university .

Documentary evidence , such as a letter from a bank , must be sent with your application form , or as soon after as possible .
documentary evidence , such as a letter from a bank , must be sent with your [use] form , or as soon after as possible .

If you have applied for a grant or scholarship and are awaiting the outcome , give the name and address of the body to whom application has been made , and the amount and period applied for .
if you have applied for a grant or scholarship and are awaiting the outcome , give the name and address of the body to whom [use] has been made , and the amount and period applied for .

Students wishing to make use of parking facilities should apply to the Parking Office , Old College , and complete the application form .
students wishing to make use of parking facilities should apply to the parking office , old college , and complete the [use] form .

Further detail on these interests may be had on application to the departments .
further detail on these interests may be had on [use] to the departments .

The Unit develops the application of high performance computers such as Distributed Array Processors and transputer arrays to problems in molecular biology including problems of sequence comparison and database searching .
the unit develops the [use] of high performance computers such as distributed array processors and transputer arrays to problems in molecular biology including problems of sequence comparison and database searching .

Fire Safety Engineering : Ignition , growth and spread of fire , smoke movement and control , escape route design , application of fire engineering principles in architectural design .
fire safety engineering : ignition , growth and spread of fire , smoke movement and control , escape route design , [use] of fire engineering principles in architectural design .

Recent postgraduate research includes managerial auditing , the application of games theory to auditing , local authority accounting and managerial decision support systems .
recent postgraduate research includes managerial auditing , the [use] of games theory to auditing , local authority accounting and managerial decision support systems .

Prospective students are encouraged to make an initial proposal of their research work at the time of application .
prospective students are encouraged to make an initial proposal of their research work at the time of [use] .

Many staff have interests in the application of social science theories and methods in historical research .
many staff have interests in the [use] of social science theories and methods in historical research .

More recent research developments in the department have embraced the application of information technology to the handicapped , policy research on the integration of pupils with special educational needs , computer-based learning , and comparative analysis of educational reform and policy implementation .
more recent research developments in the department have embraced the [use] of information technology to the handicapped , policy research on the integration of pupils with special educational needs , computer-based learning , and comparative analysis of educational reform and policy implementation .

Provides an understanding of the theory of natural resource economics and focuses on the application of economic theory and ethical through to current environmental problems .
provides an understanding of the theory of natural resource economics and focuses on the [use] of economic theory and ethical through to current environmental problems .

It is to the development of this theory and its application to modern times that the remainder of this book will be devoted .
it is to the development of this theory and its [use] to modern times that the remainder of this book will be devoted .

On one of these dates , Wednesday 20 October , the Faculty of Science and Engineering is holding an Information Day , specifically for students wishing to visit departments at the science and engineering campus before finalising their application for a university place .
on one of these dates , wednesday 20 october , the faculty of science and engineering is holding an information day , specifically for students wishing to visit departments at the science and engineering campus before finalising their [use] for a university place .

Awards are made in the form of grants , the level of which is based on financial need , and all matriculated students are eligible for application .
awards are made in the form of grants , the level of which is based on financial need , and all matriculated students are eligible for [use] .

It is important that every student makes a written application for an award to cover fees to the appropriate education authority within the period specified in the Awards Regulations .
it is important that every student makes a written [use] for an award to cover fees to the appropriate education authority within the period specified in the awards regulations .

This application should still be made even if , because of the student 's and/or parents ' income , it appears unlikely that there will be any assistance towards maintenance , because fees are payable in full by the grant-awarding body without regard to the income of student , parent or spouse .
this [use] should still be made even if , because of the student 's and/or parents ' income , it appears unlikely that there will be any assistance towards maintenance , because fees are payable in full by the grant-awarding body without regard to the income of student , parent or spouse .

Students wishing to make use of parking facilities should apply to the Parking Office , Old College , and complete the Application Form .
students wishing to make use of parking facilities should apply to the parking office , old college , and complete the [use] form .

Each overseas application is considered individualIy and faculty offices can give guidance to potential applicants who are uncertain whether their qualifications are suitable .
each overseas [use] is considered individualiy and faculty offices can give guidance to potential applicants who are uncertain whether their qualifications are suitable .

Application Procedure
[use] procedure

For instance , they both involve application of the techniques of modern linguistic analysis to the investigation of the sounds , forms , constructions , and uses of the language , both now and at earlier stages .
for instance , they both involve [use] of the techniques of modern linguistic analysis to the investigation of the sounds , forms , constructions , and uses of the language , both now and at earlier stages .

The study of history looks backwards , seeking the ordered accumulation of information and its application to the reconstruction of the past ; the creative arts , on the other hand , in both their making and their understanding , are by definition about something new and forward-looking .
the study of history looks backwards , seeking the ordered accumulation of information and its [use] to the reconstruction of the past ; the creative arts , on the other hand , in both their making and their understanding , are by definition about something new and forward-looking .

Application to honours is made at the end of second year .
[use] to honours is made at the end of second year .

There is , however , no automatic right of entry to the Diploma and application for admission is normally made during the final year of a student 's degree course .
there is , however , no automatic right of entry to the diploma and [use] for admission is normally made during the final year of a student 's degree course .

Selection Process Each application is considered on its merits with a view to assessing fairly whether the applicant will make a good doctor .
selection process each [use] is considered on its merits with a view to assessing fairly whether the applicant will make a good doctor .

Other drugs find application as insecticides , fungicides and rodenticides .
other drugs find [use] as insecticides , fungicides and rodenticides .

Graduates find employment as forest and other resource managers , in rural planning , conservation and ecology , but all have a common interest in ecological science and its application to the wise use of renewable resources .
graduates find employment as forest and other resource managers , in rural planning , conservation and ecology , but all have a common interest in ecological science and its [use] to the wise use of renewable resources .

Both degrees prepare graduates for technical and managerial careers , by developing a sound knowledge of scientific principles , and their application to design , development and manufacture .
both degrees prepare graduates for technical and managerial careers , by developing a sound knowledge of scientific principles , and their [use] to design , development and manufacture .

It is an applied science founded on the careful observation of the natural world coupled with the application of physical , chemical and biological concepts to explain Earth processes .
it is an applied science founded on the careful observation of the natural world coupled with the [use] of physical , chemical and biological concepts to explain earth processes .

All the courses attempt to balance theory and application and students are introduced to the use of statistical computer packages in a practical context .
all the courses attempt to balance theory and [use] and students are introduced to the use of statistical computer packages in a practical context .

Selection Process Each application is considered on its merits with a view to assessing fairly whether the applicant will enhance the veterinary profession .
selection process each [use] is considered on its merits with a view to assessing fairly whether the applicant will enhance the veterinary profession .

In this service veterinary surgeons are employed in the control and eradication of serious diseases of livestock , in the investigation of outbreaks of disease , in the application of health schemes aimed at increasing the efficiency of our livestock industries , and in all matters of animal health and welfare which may affect the country as a whole .
in this service veterinary surgeons are employed in the control and eradication of serious diseases of livestock , in the investigation of outbreaks of disease , in the [use] of health schemes aimed at increasing the efficiency of our livestock industries , and in all matters of animal health and welfare which may affect the country as a whole .

The filling of official posts in ‘ quangos ’ — drawing from business , the unions and the civil service — is but one application of the tripartite principle .
the filling of official posts in ‘ quangos ’ — drawing from business , the unions and the civil service — is but one [use] of the tripartite principle .

In socialist society the bureaucracy has not been ‘ controlled ’ by the strict application of egalitarian principles and the viability of democratic politics .
in socialist society the bureaucracy has not been ‘ controlled ’ by the strict [use] of egalitarian principles and the viability of democratic politics .

However , your local council will be able to tell you if you are eligible and provide you with an application form .
however , your local council will be able to tell you if you are eligible and provide you with an [use] form .

If you use a local Community Insulation Project to insulate your loft , they will deal with all aspects of your application for you .
if you use a local community insulation project to insulate your loft , they will deal with all aspects of your [use] for you .

Once the council have approved your application you will need to :
once the council have approved your [use] you will need to :

However , the wider application of this approach is limited by the introduction of ‘ test false positives ’ created by the grid-reference system ( figure , b ) .
however , the wider [use] of this approach is limited by the introduction of ‘ test false positives ’ created by the grid-reference system ( figure , b ) .

This technique should result in its more widespread application .
this technique should result in its more widespread [use] .

Despite the application of exfoliative bile and brush cytology , some 20–30 % of patients with malignant biliary strictures will remain undiagnosed either because of a lack of cell exfoliation from the tumour or because the tumour is producing extrinsic compression on the biliary tree and has not affected the biliary epithelium .
despite the [use] of exfoliative bile and brush cytology , some 20–30 % of patients with malignant biliary strictures will remain undiagnosed either because of a lack of cell exfoliation from the tumour or because the tumour is producing extrinsic compression on the biliary tree and has not affected the biliary epithelium .

None of the negative controls in which the primary antibody was omitted showed any staining after the application of 3,3 diamino benzadine .
none of the negative controls in which the primary antibody was omitted showed any staining after the [use] of 3,3 diamino benzadine .

Completion of a major piece of project work ensures that the student 's learning is grounded in practical application .
completion of a major piece of project work ensures that the student 's learning is grounded in practical [use] .

They recorded information on the circumstances of the death and the symptoms and signs that preceded it on a form that included both an open history of the final illness and screening questions for the presence of common symptoms , followed by the application of appropriate modules with precoded answers .
they recorded information on the circumstances of the death and the symptoms and signs that preceded it on a form that included both an open history of the final illness and screening questions for the presence of common symptoms , followed by the [use] of appropriate modules with precoded answers .

Local application of platelet concentrates shows potential in treating diffuse mucosal haemorrhage due to thrombocytopenia .
local [use] of platelet concentrates shows potential in treating diffuse mucosal haemorrhage due to thrombocytopenia .

Answer guide : Once again an application of the realization principle , here the process is complete and the payments received .
answer guide : once again an [use] of the realization principle , here the process is complete and the payments received .

On the other hand the solution we have used is clearly sub-optimal in terms of a strict application of the matching principle .
on the other hand the solution we have used is clearly sub-optimal in terms of a strict [use] of the matching principle .

Internal sources — chairman 's statement , directors ' report , balance sheet , profit and loss , accounting policies , notes to the accounts , source and application of funds , auditors ' report .
internal sources — chairman 's statement , directors ' report , balance sheet , profit and loss , accounting policies , notes to the accounts , source and [use] of funds , auditors ' report .

They generally should not include the source and application statement as this has not been covered in the text and students would not be able to interpret this statement unless they have been referred to other sources .
they generally should not include the source and [use] statement as this has not been covered in the text and students would not be able to interpret this statement unless they have been referred to other sources .

If a single factory-wide overhead absorption rate were to be used it is likely that product costs will be distorted because the application of overheads to products i6 not a fair reflection of the costs incurred in manufacturing the product .
if a single factory-wide overhead absorption rate were to be used it is likely that product costs will be distorted because the [use] of overheads to products i6 not a fair reflection of the costs incurred in manufacturing the product .

Certainly , a bank , for example , would look more favourably on an application for an overdraft after having some insight into the future cash position of a firm .
certainly , a bank , for example , would look more favourably on an [use] for an overdraft after having some insight into the future cash position of a firm .

Has this technique an application in human neurosurgery and if so in which condition ?
has this technique an [use] in human neurosurgery and if so in which condition ?

Intracerebral microdialysis has helped us to understand the pathophysiology of ischaemia , central nervous system trauma , and epilepsy in laboratory animals and will have increasing application clinically .
intracerebral microdialysis has helped us to understand the pathophysiology of ischaemia , central nervous system trauma , and epilepsy in laboratory animals and will have increasing [use] clinically .

The application of the structure of the indirect tax system to the estimated consumption patterns in each group enables the integration of the indirect with the direct tax system .
the [use] of the structure of the indirect tax system to the estimated consumption patterns in each group enables the integration of the indirect with the direct tax system .

On either side of the central aisle , heads nodded at the buildings and streets around them as a now livelier Ashenden continued , himself ( like the site , it appeared ) splendidly restored from whatever malaise had affected him over the previous two days , a malaise which had been noted and commented upon by several others of the group besides Mrs Shirley Brown — the latter sitting comfortably now in her usual seat , the effects of the sting having cleared up fairly quickly under the twin application of Mrs Roscoe 's unguents .
on either side of the central aisle , heads nodded at the buildings and streets around them as a now livelier ashenden continued , himself ( like the site , it appeared ) splendidly restored from whatever malaise had affected him over the previous two days , a malaise which had been noted and commented upon by several others of the group besides mrs shirley brown — the latter sitting comfortably now in her usual seat , the effects of the sting having cleared up fairly quickly under the twin [use] of mrs roscoe 's unguents .

( This ensures a wide field of application and allows for the gradual introduction of new languages such as Ada . )
( this ensures a wide field of [use] and allows for the gradual introduction of new languages such as ada . )

Having a dual occupation was the typical way of life in many parts of the country , particularly in pastoral zones where farming did not require constant application .
having a dual occupation was the typical way of life in many parts of the country , particularly in pastoral zones where farming did not require constant [use] .

Application of depth first search
[use] of depth first search

Units are required to show a significant advance , leading to increased efficiency , in the application of technology to a production or development process in British industry or the production for sale of goods which incorporate new and advanced technological qualities .
units are required to show a significant advance , leading to increased efficiency , in the [use] of technology to a production or development process in british industry or the production for sale of goods which incorporate new and advanced technological qualities .

Their correct application depends on using the correct units .
their correct [use] depends on using the correct units .

The relative molecular mass of ozone , 03 , which can not be obtained pure , can be determined by application of this law .
the relative molecular mass of ozone , 03 , which can not be obtained pure , can be determined by [use] of this law .

However , by application of Hess 's law ( which we shall deal with in section 5.3 below ) it is possible to calculate them .
however , by [use] of hess 's law ( which we shall deal with in section 5.3 below ) it is possible to calculate them .

Such reaction enthalpies can be calculated from the enthalpies of other reactions by an application of the first law of thermodynamics .
such reaction enthalpies can be calculated from the enthalpies of other reactions by an [use] of the first law of thermodynamics .

The application is called Hess 's law of constant heat summation .
the [use] is called hess 's law of constant heat summation .

However , they can be calculated from experimentally determined enthalpies by application of Hess 's law .
however , they can be calculated from experimentally determined enthalpies by [use] of hess 's law .

We can now calculate its value by application of Hess 's law .
we can now calculate its value by [use] of hess 's law .

However , they can be found by application of Hess 's law : As usual , the relationship between these three enthalpies can be displayed in the form of an enthalpy diagram ( see figure 5.15 ) .
however , they can be found by [use] of hess 's law : as usual , the relationship between these three enthalpies can be displayed in the form of an enthalpy diagram ( see figure 5.15 ) .

By application of Raoult 's law to this expression , it is possible to derive another expression relating to the composition of the solution , namly In this equation mB is the molality of the solute .
by [use] of raoult 's law to this expression , it is possible to derive another expression relating to the composition of the solution , namly in this equation mb is the molality of the solute .

The eugenic application of ’ egg donation ’ is important .
the eugenic [use] of ’ egg donation ’ is important .

This period must be completed before the application is made and must be without a break .
this period must be completed before the [use] is made and must be without a break .

Is there a reasonable chance that you and your husband or wife can settle your differences and resume normal married life ? If you are satisfied that there is now no possibility of your marriage succeeding , you must state on the application that there is no prospect of reconciliation and that you consider that your marriage has broken down irretrievably .
is there a reasonable chance that you and your husband or wife can settle your differences and resume normal married life ? if you are satisfied that there is now no possibility of your marriage succeeding , you must state on the [use] that there is no prospect of reconciliation and that you consider that your marriage has broken down irretrievably .

( Five year cases only ) If you are applying for a divorce because you have lived apart from your husband or wife for at least five years , your application would not be granted if it meant that your husband or wife would suffer grave financial hardship .
( five year cases only ) if you are applying for a divorce because you have lived apart from your husband or wife for at least five years , your [use] would not be granted if it meant that your husband or wife would suffer grave financial hardship .

Once the application has been registered the court fee can not be refunded .
once the [use] has been registered the court fee can not be refunded .

In certain circumstances the Court may require a witness ( not your husband or wife ) to confirm the facts stated in your application .
in certain circumstances the court may require a witness ( not your husband or wife ) to confirm the facts stated in your [use] .

The cost of an application under the simplified procedure is £40 .
the cost of an [use] under the simplified procedure is £40 .

If you qualify and wish to apply for a divorce : send for an application form using the tear-off part of this leaflet , but keep the remainder of the leaflet : it may be of help to you later
if you qualify and wish to apply for a divorce : send for an [use] form using the tear-off part of this leaflet , but keep the remainder of the leaflet : it may be of help to you later

complete the application form ( and in some cases , ask your husband or wife to sign the consent form included and return it to you )
complete the [use] form ( and in some cases , ask your husband or wife to sign the consent form included and return it to you )

send off the completed form and affidavit , your marriage certificate and either the court fee or a completed form claiming exemption from the court fee ( this form comes with the application ) .
send off the completed form and affidavit , your marriage certificate and either the court fee or a completed form claiming exemption from the court fee ( this form comes with the [use] ) .

Fuller instructions come with the application form .
fuller instructions come with the [use] form .

It is possible that you may not have to pay court fees in a ‘ do-it-yourself ’ divorce application .
it is possible that you may not have to pay court fees in a ‘ do-it-yourself ’ divorce [use] .

You need not pay court fees in a ‘ do-it-yourself ’ divorce application if you are receiving :
you need not pay court fees in a ‘ do-it-yourself ’ divorce [use] if you are receiving :

Legal Advice and Assistance in connection with the application for divorce .
legal advice and assistance in connection with the [use] for divorce .

or the name and address of your solicitor if you are receiving Legal Advice and Assistance in connection with the application for divorce .
or the name and address of your solicitor if you are receiving legal advice and assistance in connection with the [use] for divorce .

You are hereby served with an application by your husband/wife which asks the Court to grant a decree of divorce .
you are hereby served with an [use] by your husband/wife which asks the court to grant a decree of divorce .

19 Lord The Lord Ordinary having considered the Petition and proceedings , no Answers having been lodged , Nominates and Appoints to be curator bonis to designed in the Petition with the usual powers and decerns ; authorises the said after finding caution to enter on the duties of his office upon a certified copy of this interlocutor with a schedule of the curatory estate annexed thereto ; ( * Finds the expenses of this application and procedure following thereon to form a proper charge upon the curatory estate , and remits the account thereof , when lodged , to the Auditor of Court for taxation ) .
19 lord the lord ordinary having considered the petition and proceedings , no answers having been lodged , nominates and appoints to be curator bonis to designed in the petition with the usual powers and decerns ; authorises the said after finding caution to enter on the duties of his office upon a certified copy of this interlocutor with a schedule of the curatory estate annexed thereto ; ( * finds the expenses of this [use] and procedure following thereon to form a proper charge upon the curatory estate , and remits the account thereof , when lodged , to the auditor of court for taxation ) .

19 Lord The Lord Ordinary having considered the Petition and proceedings , no Answers having been lodged , Nominates and Appoints to be curator bonis to designed in the Petition with the usual powers and decerns ; authorises the said after finding caution to enter on the duties of his office upon a certified copy of this interlocutor with a schedule of the curatory estate annexed thereto ; and that upon condition that before issue of a certified copy interlocutor of his appointment he shall lodge in the hands of the Accountant of Court a bond binding himself to lodge Accounts annually with the Accountant of Court and otherwise to conduct the affairs of the curatory estate in all respects in conformity with the laws and practice of Scotland ; to appear before the Lords of Council and Session in Scotland to answer for his conduct as curator aforesaid or in connection with any matter arising out of said curatory ; to submit himself to and prorogate the jurisdiction of the Court of Session for said purposes and to assign an address in Scotland where he may be cited , and decerns ( * Finds the expenses of this application and procedure following thereon to form a proper charge upon the curatory estate , and remits the account thereof , when lodged , to the Auditor of Court for taxation ) .
19 lord the lord ordinary having considered the petition and proceedings , no answers having been lodged , nominates and appoints to be curator bonis to designed in the petition with the usual powers and decerns ; authorises the said after finding caution to enter on the duties of his office upon a certified copy of this interlocutor with a schedule of the curatory estate annexed thereto ; and that upon condition that before issue of a certified copy interlocutor of his appointment he shall lodge in the hands of the accountant of court a bond binding himself to lodge accounts annually with the accountant of court and otherwise to conduct the affairs of the curatory estate in all respects in conformity with the laws and practice of scotland ; to appear before the lords of council and session in scotland to answer for his conduct as curator aforesaid or in connection with any matter arising out of said curatory ; to submit himself to and prorogate the jurisdiction of the court of session for said purposes and to assign an address in scotland where he may be cited , and decerns ( * finds the expenses of this [use] and procedure following thereon to form a proper charge upon the curatory estate , and remits the account thereof , when lodged , to the auditor of court for taxation ) .

The application of this information is vital in devising strategies for controlling parasitic infestation .
the [use] of this information is vital in devising strategies for controlling parasitic infestation .

As finance is a limited resource in any organization , its application should be carefully controlled .
as finance is a limited resource in any organization , its [use] should be carefully controlled .

In addition , a source and application of funds statement ( an example of which is shown in Fig .
in addition , a source and [use] of funds statement ( an example of which is shown in fig .

For this reason the reader should resist the temptation to follow the figures given in the examples through to the source and application of funds statement in Fig .
for this reason the reader should resist the temptation to follow the figures given in the examples through to the source and [use] of funds statement in fig .

The balance sheet provides a `` static picture `` of the financial position at a point in time ; the profit and loss account and source and application of funds statement show the flows which have occurred during the accounting period .
the balance sheet provides a `` static picture `` of the financial position at a point in time ; the profit and loss account and source and [use] of funds statement show the flows which have occurred during the accounting period .

This analogy could be extended to the source and application of funds statement .
this analogy could be extended to the source and [use] of funds statement .

The section on matching discusses the application of this concept .
the section on matching discusses the [use] of this concept .

2.2 ) and source and application of funds statement ( Fig .
2.2 ) and source and [use] of funds statement ( fig .

Source and application of funds analysis
source and [use] of funds analysis

These require an explicit opinion or statement as to whether or not the source and application of funds statement gives a true and fair view and what accounting convention ( historical or current cost ) has been adopted for the presentation of the accounts .
these require an explicit opinion or statement as to whether or not the source and [use] of funds statement gives a true and fair view and what accounting convention ( historical or current cost ) has been adopted for the presentation of the accounts .

As it is usually necessary to demonstrate that the project will not go ahead without the grant , work can not start until the grant application has been accepted .
as it is usually necessary to demonstrate that the project will not go ahead without the grant , work can not start until the grant [use] has been accepted .

Before making a grant application , up-to-date information on the latest regulations , eligibility and procedures should be obtained .
before making a grant [use] , up-to-date information on the latest regulations , eligibility and procedures should be obtained .

This chapter examines the application of these principles at the various stages in construction projects and the roles of the different parties involved .
this chapter examines the [use] of these principles at the various stages in construction projects and the roles of the different parties involved .

The method and timing of application for payment should be prescribed in the terms of a contract .
the method and timing of [use] for payment should be prescribed in the terms of a contract .

If the relevant gene ( s ) could be incorporated into wheat , for example , it would reduce the number of herbicides required and extend the period of application .
if the relevant gene ( s ) could be incorporated into wheat , for example , it would reduce the number of herbicides required and extend the period of [use] .

Each new application is assessed individually within a co-ordinated framework .
each new [use] is assessed individually within a co-ordinated framework .

To apply for Membership and to claim your free introductory book , simply complete , sign and return the Membership Application .
to apply for membership and to claim your free introductory book , simply complete , sign and return the membership [use] .

Considerations to be explored at the December conference included the scope of union , for example the degree of further transfer of competence ; the functioning of the institutions , for example the strengthening of the Commission with regard to implementing Community policies ; strengthening democratic control and accountability for member-states , possibly via increased involvement of the European Parliament or of national parliaments ; and the application and definition of the principle of `` subsidiarity `` .
considerations to be explored at the december conference included the scope of union , for example the degree of further transfer of competence ; the functioning of the institutions , for example the strengthening of the commission with regard to implementing community policies ; strengthening democratic control and accountability for member-states , possibly via increased involvement of the european parliament or of national parliaments ; and the [use] and definition of the principle of `` subsidiarity `` .

All suggestions are given in good faith and for general help and guidance but since detail may vary with different roofs they can not be assumed to be suitable for every application .
all suggestions are given in good faith and for general help and guidance but since detail may vary with different roofs they can not be assumed to be suitable for every [use] .

On July 28 the new Armenian Supreme Soviet ( constituted on July 20 following elections begun in May ) openly defied Gorbachev by voting to suspend application of his decree on Armenian territory .
on july 28 the new armenian supreme soviet ( constituted on july 20 following elections begun in may ) openly defied gorbachev by voting to suspend [use] of his decree on armenian territory .

Application for membership by Cyprus and Malta
[use] for membership by cyprus and malta

On Jan. 30 , 1990 , Poland applied to join the Council of Europe ( for Hungarian formal application for membership in November 1989 see p. 37048 ) .
on jan. 30 , 1990 , poland applied to join the council of europe ( for hungarian formal [use] for membership in november 1989 see p. 37048 ) .

In contrast to existing laws on co-operatives , the resolution stipulated that a licence application to set up a business must be answered by the local council within 14 days , and could be refused only if the proposed business activity contravened regulations ( sectors closed to small businesses included sale or production of medicines , weapons , precious metals and stones , and pornography ) .
in contrast to existing laws on co-operatives , the resolution stipulated that a licence [use] to set up a business must be answered by the local council within 14 days , and could be refused only if the proposed business activity contravened regulations ( sectors closed to small businesses included sale or production of medicines , weapons , precious metals and stones , and pornography ) .

He praised the achievements of the revolution but said that shortcomings did exist , as in the application of the emergency regulations , and that although Syria was still in a state of war with Israel , the government should consider restricting the use of the law to matters of state security and public order .
he praised the achievements of the revolution but said that shortcomings did exist , as in the [use] of the emergency regulations , and that although syria was still in a state of war with israel , the government should consider restricting the use of the law to matters of state security and public order .

Up-to-date details of courses must be sought by consulting current prospectuses , which are available on application to the Registrar at individual colleges/polytechnics/universities .
up-to-date details of courses must be sought by consulting current prospectuses , which are available on [use] to the registrar at individual colleges/polytechnics/universities .

It is the most important use of the word `` experiential `` in its application to education .
it is the most important use of the word `` experiential `` in its [use] to education .

Yet it is important not to confuse attentiveness with the kind of frowning application traditional academic work has often encouraged .
yet it is important not to confuse attentiveness with the kind of frowning [use] traditional academic work has often encouraged .

The application of this distinction to religion is exceedingly important .
the [use] of this distinction to religion is exceedingly important .

In some cases — Spain and Greece for example — the examinations were very irregular in their application and for long existed largely on paper .
in some cases — spain and greece for example — the examinations were very irregular in their [use] and for long existed largely on paper .

Likewise , if anthropologists used the word religion in the sense in which it is ordinarily used by ordinary speakers of English , where it is tied in with such compartmentalized matters as church membership and a professional priesthood , then it would have no application at all to most of the societies which anthropologists usually study .
likewise , if anthropologists used the word religion in the sense in which it is ordinarily used by ordinary speakers of english , where it is tied in with such compartmentalized matters as church membership and a professional priesthood , then it would have no [use] at all to most of the societies which anthropologists usually study .

But certain parts of Levi-Strauss ' schema have application to a wide variety of ethnographic materials .
but certain parts of levi-strauss ' schema have [use] to a wide variety of ethnographic materials .

Nothing in these Guidelines is intended to prevent two Network members from reaching mutual agreement , on an ad hoc basis , for the application of a different set of protocols to govern their relationship in a particular transaction .
nothing in these guidelines is intended to prevent two network members from reaching mutual agreement , on an ad hoc basis , for the [use] of a different set of protocols to govern their relationship in a particular transaction .

the invitation must not be associated with or followed by an immediate application for listing on The Stock Exchange or some other trading facility .
the invitation must not be associated with or followed by an immediate [use] for listing on the stock exchange or some other trading facility .

Is the agreement clear on the difference between a policy ( eg providing depreciation over the estimated useful life , providing for doubtful debts ) and the application of that policy ( eg plant has a lifetime of 8 years , doubtful debts are provided in full ) ?
is the agreement clear on the difference between a policy ( eg providing depreciation over the estimated useful life , providing for doubtful debts ) and the [use] of that policy ( eg plant has a lifetime of 8 years , doubtful debts are provided in full ) ?

Sheard , a resident in East Anglia , has lived in England for four years and is awaiting the result of her application for British citizenship , but Maritz believes that her golfing future lies in the United States .
sheard , a resident in east anglia , has lived in england for four years and is awaiting the result of her [use] for british citizenship , but maritz believes that her golfing future lies in the united states .

The application of goal programming to capital budgeting decisions
the [use] of goal programming to capital budgeting decisions

Users will be interviewed at their premises to investigate in detail the factors surrounding the choice of application .
users will be interviewed at their premises to investigate in detail the factors surrounding the choice of [use] .

This represents a new departure in both the study of public transport operators and the derivation and application of concepts relevant to organisation studies .
this represents a new departure in both the study of public transport operators and the derivation and [use] of concepts relevant to organisation studies .

The purpose of this project is to consider the application of the 1974 Health and Safety at Work Act , and the 1978 Safety Representatives and Safety Committee Regulations .
the purpose of this project is to consider the [use] of the 1974 health and safety at work act , and the 1978 safety representatives and safety committee regulations .

Developments in the application of decision analysis
developments in the [use] of decision analysis

The study will provide detailed case-study material on alternative means of regulating fisheries , and apply the data collected to a model of wider application in the field of fisheries economics .
the study will provide detailed case-study material on alternative means of regulating fisheries , and apply the data collected to a model of wider [use] in the field of fisheries economics .

Although the use of robots has been widely discussed and implemented in large-scale , large volume industries , their use in small manufacturing processes have common characteristics which would seem to lend themselves to the application of robotic techniques .
although the use of robots has been widely discussed and implemented in large-scale , large volume industries , their use in small manufacturing processes have common characteristics which would seem to lend themselves to the [use] of robotic techniques .

The application and exploitation of technical advances is seen as a central feature of competitive performance in industry and is of crucial importance to economic survival and growth .
the [use] and exploitation of technical advances is seen as a central feature of competitive performance in industry and is of crucial importance to economic survival and growth .

a standardised questionnaire sent to a wider ( more representative ) sample of accountants and others interested in the development , application , enforcement and impact of accounting regulations ;
a standardised questionnaire sent to a wider ( more representative ) sample of accountants and others interested in the development , [use] , enforcement and impact of accounting regulations ;

The broader aim is to identify approximating models whose application in computer-based financial analysis may provide a useful basis for the inferences drawn by financial analysts .
the broader aim is to identify approximating models whose [use] in computer-based financial analysis may provide a useful basis for the inferences drawn by financial analysts .

Previous application of this method ( viz .
previous [use] of this method ( viz .

In recent times , governments have become increasingly aware that the efficient application of new technology strongly influences competitive economic performance .
in recent times , governments have become increasingly aware that the efficient [use] of new technology strongly influences competitive economic performance .

The purpose of this research is to examine how consumer choices of new communications technology will interact with its development ; and to consider some policy alternatives for enhancing the benefits from the application of that technology .
the purpose of this research is to examine how consumer choices of new communications technology will interact with its development ; and to consider some policy alternatives for enhancing the benefits from the [use] of that technology .

An immediate application is to exchange rate formation .
an immediate [use] is to exchange rate formation .

Model testing and model selection with application to exchange rate analysis
model testing and model selection with [use] to exchange rate analysis

Prior to the application to Council , a research project financed by the Polytechnic , Wolverhampton based on sample from the Gloucester and the Bristol port books had developed a database capable of storing and retrieving commodity and topographical data .
prior to the [use] to council , a research project financed by the polytechnic , wolverhampton based on sample from the gloucester and the bristol port books had developed a database capable of storing and retrieving commodity and topographical data .

Prior to the application to Council a research programme financed by the Polytechnic , Wolverhampton based on sample years from the Gloucester port books succeeded in devising a database capable of storing and retrieving information about the voyages of boats passing up and down the Severn through Gloucester and the cargoes they carried .
prior to the [use] to council a research programme financed by the polytechnic , wolverhampton based on sample years from the gloucester port books succeeded in devising a database capable of storing and retrieving information about the voyages of boats passing up and down the severn through gloucester and the cargoes they carried .

The Discussion Paper Series is intended to make research results available to economists and policy-makers quickly , so as to encourage discussion of the papers and timely application of the analyses and results they contain .
the discussion paper series is intended to make research results available to economists and policy-makers quickly , so as to encourage discussion of the papers and timely [use] of the analyses and results they contain .

The project is investigating an idea and an application .
the project is investigating an idea and an [use] .

At the national level , the research involves the application of modern theories of public finance to economic problems faced by India , Pakistan and Mexico .
at the national level , the research involves the [use] of modern theories of public finance to economic problems faced by india , pakistan and mexico .

It aims to add to our understanding of the role of the legal and related professions in the making and application of law .
it aims to add to our understanding of the role of the legal and related professions in the making and [use] of law .

Judicial review in Scotland : a study of the application for judicial review
judicial review in scotland : a study of the [use] for judicial review

Funding research in the age of application
funding research in the age of [use]

Many science policy issues are raised by these developments . To what extent are research results in fact ready for practical application ? How may appropriate results be identified ? How does basic scientific research fare in the face of so much application interest ? Is it threatened , or do sufficient financial and manpower resources become available to carry on the thrust of research ? Does the training of new people suffer ? Are enough people being trained in the appropriate areas ? What happens when people move from research to industry and commerce ?
many science policy issues are raised by these developments . to what extent are research results in fact ready for practical [use] ? how may appropriate results be identified ? how does basic scientific research fare in the face of so much [use] interest ? is it threatened , or do sufficient financial and manpower resources become available to carry on the thrust of research ? does the training of new people suffer ? are enough people being trained in the appropriate areas ? what happens when people move from research to industry and commerce ?

This study in the sociology of scientific knowledge investigates the ‘ rhetoric of application ’ surrounding the social science subdiscipline of health economics .
this study in the sociology of scientific knowledge investigates the ‘ rhetoric of [use] ’ surrounding the social science subdiscipline of health economics .

This project investigates a major application of standardised testing in primary schools : to identify children who may be in need of special attention or teaching .
this project investigates a major [use] of standardised testing in primary schools : to identify children who may be in need of special attention or teaching .

The research investigates the implications of the Local Government Finance Act 1988 , which makes provision for the revaluation of all non-domestic properties in England and Wales for rating purposes , and the application of a national uniform business rate to replace the rate-in-the-pound currently set by individual local authorities .
the research investigates the implications of the local government finance act 1988 , which makes provision for the revaluation of all non-domestic properties in england and wales for rating purposes , and the [use] of a national uniform business rate to replace the rate-in-the-pound currently set by individual local authorities .

The aim of the proposed research is to investigate how the subsidiary skills relate to the development of braille reading , to identify the sources of difficulty at different levels of proficiency , and to test application for improving reading speed and accuracy .
the aim of the proposed research is to investigate how the subsidiary skills relate to the development of braille reading , to identify the sources of difficulty at different levels of proficiency , and to test [use] for improving reading speed and accuracy .

Blessed with talent and power in abundance , she seems to lack application on the big occasions .
blessed with talent and power in abundance , she seems to lack [use] on the big occasions .

Reporting restrictions were lifted at Wakefield magistrates court after an application by Stephen Switalski , defending .
reporting restrictions were lifted at wakefield magistrates court after an [use] by stephen switalski , defending .

It is hoped also that a revised grant application form will be available for distribution before the meeting .
it is hoped also that a revised grant [use] form will be available for distribution before the meeting .

Application Information
[use] information

Generally this will strengthen an application .
generally this will strengthen an [use] .

Please find the enclosed application forms for the five 1988 Regional Schools and two 1989 National Schools in Glasgow and Edinburgh .
please find the enclosed [use] forms for the five 1988 regional schools and two 1989 national schools in glasgow and edinburgh .

The application form is therefore extremely important and detailed information should be included .
the [use] form is therefore extremely important and detailed information should be included .

The application procedures for the Council 's scheme of revenue grant aid require governing bodies annually to submit a written statement in support of a set of budget estimates .
the [use] procedures for the council 's scheme of revenue grant aid require governing bodies annually to submit a written statement in support of a set of budget estimates .

Each year bodies apply for grant aid towards the costs of their annual programmes in advance of the commencement of their financial years . The application process has several components :
each year bodies apply for grant aid towards the costs of their annual programmes in advance of the commencement of their financial years . the [use] process has several components :

With reference to my letter of 16 March please now find attached copies of the revised grant application form and a paper , Applying for Grant Aid — Guidance for Governing Bodies of Sport .
with reference to my letter of 16 march please now find attached copies of the revised grant [use] form and a paper , applying for grant aid — guidance for governing bodies of sport .

The Revised Application Form .
the revised [use] form .

That is to say , bodies should continue to submit applications one month prior to the end of their respective financial years , but grant aid will not be provided for any governing body which submits its application more than three months after the required date .
that is to say , bodies should continue to submit applications one month prior to the end of their respective financial years , but grant aid will not be provided for any governing body which submits its [use] more than three months after the required date .

In time of special and genuine difficulty the Council will of course be prepared to extend the period for submitting applications but bodies must seek approval for a late application no later than the time when the application normally would be due .
in time of special and genuine difficulty the council will of course be prepared to extend the period for submitting applications but bodies must seek approval for a late [use] no later than the time when the [use] normally would be due .

Many bodies have stated that the grant aid procedures and the application form provide them with a ready basis for an effective budgeting system .
many bodies have stated that the grant aid procedures and the [use] form provide them with a ready basis for an effective budgeting system .

Anyone who has been in receipt of this form of grant aid from the Sports Council has already received guidance notes and application forms direct from that Council .
anyone who has been in receipt of this form of grant aid from the sports council has already received guidance notes and [use] forms direct from that council .

The project is intended to remedy this deficiency by examining the use made of mathematical statistics , and particularly of their application in sampling , in the production of Soviet official socio-economic data .
the project is intended to remedy this deficiency by examining the use made of mathematical statistics , and particularly of their [use] in sampling , in the production of soviet official socio-economic data .

Off-campus accommodation can be organized if application is made sufficiently in advance , reservations can be made in hotels ( single or double rooms ) , bedsitters with Hungarian families , small one-bedroom flats .
off-campus accommodation can be organized if [use] is made sufficiently in advance , reservations can be made in hotels ( single or double rooms ) , bedsitters with hungarian families , small one-bedroom flats .

The craftsmen of Wedgwood have ensured faithful reproduction of the original painting by the skilful application of complex ceramic colours onto a translucent fine bone china plate , edged with a broad band of 22 carat gold .
the craftsmen of wedgwood have ensured faithful reproduction of the original painting by the skilful [use] of complex ceramic colours onto a translucent fine bone china plate , edged with a broad band of 22 carat gold .

The Bill 's application to children 's hearings was something of an afterthought .
the bill 's [use] to children 's hearings was something of an afterthought .

He indicated that , without specific application to children 's hearings , the nature of the children 's hearings system ‘ leaves [ it ] outside the benefit of this Bill ’ , and he added : ‘ It would be wrong to deny them the benefit of the Bill when , if they had committed serious offences and appeared before the courts , they would have had its protection .
he indicated that , without specific [use] to children 's hearings , the nature of the children 's hearings system ‘ leaves [ it ] outside the benefit of this bill ’ , and he added : ‘ it would be wrong to deny them the benefit of the bill when , if they had committed serious offences and appeared before the courts , they would have had its protection .

Given the general background of the Bill 's legislative history , and its late application to the children 's hearings system , it is hardly surprising that there is an apparent , though fundamental , ambiguity in its provisions in relation to children 's hearings .
given the general background of the bill 's legislative history , and its late [use] to the children 's hearings system , it is hardly surprising that there is an apparent , though fundamental , ambiguity in its provisions in relation to children 's hearings .

It takes the useful and practical form of a general introductory chapter , a second chapter presenting the form of tender and form of agreement both with commentary , an extended chapter 3 which presents the conditions of the International Civil Engineering Contract ( 5th edition — 1973 ) with a running commentary not in every case clause by clause but certainly confining the commentary where it is not upon an individual clause to a small group of related clauses , and a final chapter dealing with conditions of particular application .
it takes the useful and practical form of a general introductory chapter , a second chapter presenting the form of tender and form of agreement both with commentary , an extended chapter 3 which presents the conditions of the international civil engineering contract ( 5th edition — 1973 ) with a running commentary not in every case clause by clause but certainly confining the commentary where it is not upon an individual clause to a small group of related clauses , and a final chapter dealing with conditions of particular [use] .

To take a somewhat unlikely example , if application were made to the Secretary of State for an order under this procedure to give planning permission for a single project the response would be that there is a complete planning code of public legislation to cover that requirement , and in the absence of exceptional circumstances recourse should be had to that code .
to take a somewhat unlikely example , if [use] were made to the secretary of state for an order under this procedure to give planning permission for a single project the response would be that there is a complete planning code of public legislation to cover that requirement , and in the absence of exceptional circumstances recourse should be had to that code .

Section 2 of the Legal Advice and Assistance Act , 1972 , provides in effect that legal advice and assistance may be given on the application of Scots law to a particular matter .
section 2 of the legal advice and assistance act , 1972 , provides in effect that legal advice and assistance may be given on the [use] of scots law to a particular matter .

The English form of application for legal aid ( which has no accompanying memorandum ) is so devised that it can be , and often is , completed by the applicant without the intervention of any solicitor .
the english form of [use] for legal aid ( which has no accompanying memorandum ) is so devised that it can be , and often is , completed by the applicant without the intervention of any solicitor .

Members are again advised that when they are consulted by a client who requires legal aid for the purpose of proceedings in the English courts , they should ( subject to the above observations about legal advice and assistance on English matters ) confine themselves to assisting the client to complete the English form of application ( the Central Committee hold a supply of these ) .
members are again advised that when they are consulted by a client who requires legal aid for the purpose of proceedings in the english courts , they should ( subject to the above observations about legal advice and assistance on english matters ) confine themselves to assisting the client to complete the english form of [use] ( the central committee hold a supply of these ) .

New application form
new [use] form

It has been felt for some time that the procedure and forms relating to the granting of legal aid in criminal causes could be improved , and the introduction of legal aid in the District Courts has led to the position being scrutinised and a new procedure and application form introduced .
it has been felt for some time that the procedure and forms relating to the granting of legal aid in criminal causes could be improved , and the introduction of legal aid in the district courts has led to the position being scrutinised and a new procedure and [use] form introduced .

The new procedure is simple in that it involves an application form having three parts on the front of it ( the declaration of means being on the back ) , first the information about the applicant and the charge , second a part to be completed by the Sheriff Clerk , and last a part to bc completed by the Local Secretary .
the new procedure is simple in that it involves an [use] form having three parts on the front of it ( the declaration of means being on the back ) , first the information about the applicant and the charge , second a part to be completed by the sheriff clerk , and last a part to bc completed by the local secretary .

The application form will be completed and submitted to the court in the usual way .
the [use] form will be completed and submitted to the court in the usual way .

‘ We went through the proper channels with our application , ’ he said , ‘ following the pattern that was used when we ran the 125 and 250 World Championships .
‘ we went through the proper channels with our [use] , ’ he said , ‘ following the pattern that was used when we ran the 125 and 250 world championships .

Armagh Integrated School Group , which is behind the project , has submitted a planning application for the erection of a temporary building on a three-acre greenfield site just off the main Portadown Road on the edge of the city .
armagh integrated school group , which is behind the project , has submitted a planning [use] for the erection of a temporary building on a three-acre greenfield site just off the main portadown road on the edge of the city .

Similarly , they hold information-containing materials available upon personal application .
similarly , they hold information-containing materials available upon personal [use] .

Our application : The Royal Botanic Garden Edinburgh — a large-scale facility for plant taxonomy was unsuccessful .
our [use] : the royal botanic garden edinburgh — a large-scale facility for plant taxonomy was unsuccessful .

1.5 Comparison of motor types The system designer is faced with a choice between hybrid and variable-reluctance stepping motors and his decision is inevitably influenced by the application ; it is not possible to state categorically that one type is `` better `` in all situations .
1.5 comparison of motor types the system designer is faced with a choice between hybrid and variable-reluctance stepping motors and his decision is inevitably influenced by the [use] ; it is not possible to state categorically that one type is `` better `` in all situations .

the teletype carriage positioning application mentioned at the beginning of this section ) it is possible to utilise the high overshoot of the system .
the teletype carriage positioning [use] mentioned at the beginning of this section ) it is possible to utilise the high overshoot of the system .

The second sub-section looks at the implementation of more sophisticated open-loop control schemes and shows that in many cases the choice of software- or hardware-based control depends on the aspects of performance which are most important in the particular application .
the second sub-section looks at the implementation of more sophisticated open-loop control schemes and shows that in many cases the choice of software- or hardware-based control depends on the aspects of performance which are most important in the particular [use] .

those of Istanbul , Edirne and Bursa ) five each , and `` the other kadis of the throne `` a term of uncertain application , but almost certainly comprising at least the other kadis mentioned in the decree of 963 ) three each : the figures for the kazaskers at least , and probably the others as well , applied down to Ata ' i 's own day .
those of istanbul , edirne and bursa ) five each , and `` the other kadis of the throne `` a term of uncertain [use] , but almost certainly comprising at least the other kadis mentioned in the decree of 963 ) three each : the figures for the kazaskers at least , and probably the others as well , applied down to ata ' i 's own day .

The dissociation of the Muftilik from a kadilik is thus important in that it seems to represent the further definition of a chiefly `` religious ' authority , the representative of the more spiritual aspect of the Seriat as opposed to its practical application which was to some degree tainted , in the eyes of the pious , by its close association with secular government .
the dissociation of the muftilik from a kadilik is thus important in that it seems to represent the further definition of a chiefly `` religious ' authority , the representative of the more spiritual aspect of the seriat as opposed to its practical [use] which was to some degree tainted , in the eyes of the pious , by its close association with secular government .

After an excessive amount of effort , most of the difficulties met in the application have now been overcome .
after an excessive amount of effort , most of the difficulties met in the [use] have now been overcome .

What are the benefits to the user of the personal computing approach ? First , the user , by this approach , can short- cut the application backlog , which almost certainly exists in his organisation .
what are the benefits to the user of the personal computing approach ? first , the user , by this approach , can short- cut the [use] backlog , which almost certainly exists in his organisation .

Secondly , decisions about which particular application is completed first lie within the user department .
secondly , decisions about which particular [use] is completed first lie within the user department .

Key technical issues are : whether the operational systems such as payroll can be developed quickly , despite application backlogs , and changed easily as requirements inevitably change ; whether personal computing software is available to set up your Personnel Information System quickly and flexibly without direct recourse to computer professionals , allowing flexible ad hoc reporting and rapid response to continually changing requirements ; whether summaries of this information can be extracted to enable planning , monitoring , controlling and modelling applications to be carried out by the personnel planners .
key technical issues are : whether the operational systems such as payroll can be developed quickly , despite [use] backlogs , and changed easily as requirements inevitably change ; whether personal computing software is available to set up your personnel information system quickly and flexibly without direct recourse to computer professionals , allowing flexible ad hoc reporting and rapid response to continually changing requirements ; whether summaries of this information can be extracted to enable planning , monitoring , controlling and modelling applications to be carried out by the personnel planners .

All these people need to have application forms sent to them .
all these people need to have [use] forms sent to them .

Most people will receive an application form , and then a regret letter after they have returned it .
most people will receive an [use] form , and then a regret letter after they have returned it .

If every applicant is allocated a number by the system when they are first put on , and this number is written on the application form , all future processing can be performed simply by telling the system the applicant number and the operation to be performed .
if every applicant is allocated a number by the system when they are first put on , and this number is written on the [use] form , all future processing can be performed simply by telling the system the applicant number and the operation to be performed .

It seeks to explore the further development of such techniques in the Industrial Relations field and suggests some guidelines to be borne in mind when considering a potential application .
it seeks to explore the further development of such techniques in the industrial relations field and suggests some guidelines to be borne in mind when considering a potential [use] .

It was not until 1978 that a feasibility study was undertaken on the possible application of a Company Personnel System .
it was not until 1978 that a feasibility study was undertaken on the possible [use] of a company personnel system .

In what was at that time the `` Derby Group `` , work had continued on the enhancement of batch payroll systems and the addition of other `` cheap `` batch systems for specific application — for example , training records , job evaluation , staff search .
in what was at that time the `` derby group `` , work had continued on the enhancement of batch payroll systems and the addition of other `` cheap `` batch systems for specific [use] — for example , training records , job evaluation , staff search .

Application packages and command driven data management systems are two attractive approaches — the choice between then depending mainly on whether the user wants an instant solution or a tailored system .
[use] packages and command driven data management systems are two attractive approaches — the choice between then depending mainly on whether the user wants an instant solution or a tailored system .

Rather than attempt an exhaustive classification of all remaining types of software , two important classes will be considered , data management systems and application packages .
rather than attempt an exhaustive classification of all remaining types of software , two important classes will be considered , data management systems and [use] packages .

Application packages are at the other end of the spectrum .
[use] packages are at the other end of the spectrum .

The success of an application will depend almost entirely on the software .
the success of an [use] will depend almost entirely on the software .

The ideal approach is to choose the software to fit the application and then buy the hardware it needs or subscribe to the appropriate bureau .
the ideal approach is to choose the software to fit the [use] and then buy the hardware it needs or subscribe to the appropriate bureau .

These are application packages and command driven data management systems .
these are [use] packages and command driven data management systems .

1 Application Packages
1 [use] packages

This is an example of the application of what is known as the anthropic principle , which can be paraphrased as `` We see the universe the way it is because we exist . ``
this is an example of the [use] of what is known as the anthropic principle , which can be paraphrased as `` we see the universe the way it is because we exist . ``

As the coffee revived her she began to catch odd words and phrases . ‘ As a magistrate … formal application … prosecutor might oppose … gravity of the offence … likelihood of defendant absconding … interference with investigations … ’
as the coffee revived her she began to catch odd words and phrases . ‘ as a magistrate … formal [use] … prosecutor might oppose … gravity of the offence … likelihood of defendant absconding … interference with investigations … ’

This prevented the application of reflationary policies over long time periods , since deflation of demand , to reduce spending on imports , was often used to correct balance of payments deficits .
this prevented the [use] of reflationary policies over long time periods , since deflation of demand , to reduce spending on imports , was often used to correct balance of payments deficits .

It should also be pointed out that Donoghue v. Stevenson established a principle of wider application than it may so far have appeared .
it should also be pointed out that donoghue v. stevenson established a principle of wider [use] than it may so far have appeared .

Schedule 2 provides ‘ guidelines ’ for the application of the reasonableness test :
schedule 2 provides ‘ guidelines ’ for the [use] of the reasonableness test :

We have also seen a surprising application of it in the case of Rowland v. Divall ( see paragraph 7–08 above ) .
we have also seen a surprising [use] of it in the case of rowland v. divall ( see paragraph 7–08 above ) .

The courts have added a gloss to the words of section 1 — ; namely that the offence is committed only if the application of the false trade description was associated with the sale or supply of goods .
the courts have added a gloss to the words of section 1 — ; namely that the offence is committed only if the [use] of the false trade description was associated with the sale or supply of goods .

If the rules are inadequate , then the answer is to get them right and enforce them , not to rely on equitable principles which are uncertain in their application to a modern market .
if the rules are inadequate , then the answer is to get them right and enforce them , not to rely on equitable principles which are uncertain in their [use] to a modern market .

The Law Society announced today that it would appeal to the Court of Appeal against the Divisional Court 's refusal of its application for a declaration that the Lord Chancellor 's proposed standard fee scheme was unlawful . Commenting on this decision , John Appleby , Chairman of the Society 's Courts and Legal Services Committee said : —
the law society announced today that it would appeal to the court of appeal against the divisional court 's refusal of its [use] for a declaration that the lord chancellor 's proposed standard fee scheme was unlawful . commenting on this decision , john appleby , chairman of the society 's courts and legal services committee said : —

The Law Society considers that the Law Commission 's proposals will have a significant practical application , not only to solve problems in relation to incapacitated people , but also to provide ways in which potential conflicts or disputes can be avoided .
the law society considers that the law commission 's proposals will have a significant practical [use] , not only to solve problems in relation to incapacitated people , but also to provide ways in which potential conflicts or disputes can be avoided .

The Law Society has successfully resisted a judicial review application by Mr Raymond Curtin concerning imposition of a condition on his practising certificate by an Assistant Director of the Solicitors complaints Bureau .
the law society has successfully resisted a judicial review [use] by mr raymond curtin concerning imposition of a condition on his practising certificate by an assistant director of the solicitors complaints bureau .

Commenting on the Society 's application , Mark Sheldon , President of the Law Society said : —
commenting on the society 's [use] , mark sheldon , president of the law society said : —

Agree that in the event of conciliation being unsuccessful , and the client wishing to proceed with a Remuneration Certificate application , then a provisional certificate would be issued by an admitted member of staff under delegated powers to be granted by the Council .
agree that in the event of conciliation being unsuccessful , and the client wishing to proceed with a remuneration certificate [use] , then a provisional certificate would be issued by an admitted member of staff under delegated powers to be granted by the council .

The Law Society welcomes the findings of the Director-General of Fair Trading , Sir Bryan Carsberg , on the Society 's application for extended rights of audience for solicitors .
the law society welcomes the findings of the director-general of fair trading , sir bryan carsberg , on the society 's [use] for extended rights of audience for solicitors .

This supportive advice now falls to be considered by the Lord Chancellor and the designated judges , alongside the advice from the Lord Chancellor 's Advisory Committee which recommended that the application be rejected .
this supportive advice now falls to be considered by the lord chancellor and the designated judges , alongside the advice from the lord chancellor 's advisory committee which recommended that the [use] be rejected .

The Lord Chancellor will have to weigh carefully whether those benefits , as well as the competition gains and advantages for the consumer identified by Sir Bryan , which stand at the heart of the Government 's policy for legal services , should be pursued , or — as the Advisory Committee and the Bar would prefer — they should be lost and the application rejected .
the lord chancellor will have to weigh carefully whether those benefits , as well as the competition gains and advantages for the consumer identified by sir bryan , which stand at the heart of the government 's policy for legal services , should be pursued , or — as the advisory committee and the bar would prefer — they should be lost and the [use] rejected .

These speculations are used as justification not only for opposing more prosecution advocacy by employed lawyers , but for blocking the entire application .
these speculations are used as justification not only for opposing more prosecution advocacy by employed lawyers , but for blocking the entire [use] .

The Law Society will then make representations to the Lord Chancellor in support of the application , and we look forward to a favourable outcome when the Lord chancellor and the judges consider it .
the law society will then make representations to the lord chancellor in support of the [use] , and we look forward to a favourable outcome when the lord chancellor and the judges consider it .

We are confident that they will find nothing in the application which is ‘ incompatible with the statutory objective or the general principle of the Act ’ .
we are confident that they will find nothing in the [use] which is ‘ incompatible with the statutory objective or the general principle of the act ’ .

Understanding of relevant law and of major background issues appropriate to the case ; good knowledge of basic law , a sound legal instinct and rapid absorption of new areas of law ; accurate application of the law .
understanding of relevant law and of major background issues appropriate to the case ; good knowledge of basic law , a sound legal instinct and rapid absorption of new areas of law ; accurate [use] of the law .

The Field Developer 's Manual was published in response to the growing need for both technical and economic information on the application of novel offshore production techniques .
the field developer 's manual was published in response to the growing need for both technical and economic information on the [use] of novel offshore production techniques .

The first point to note is that you need to have your spreadsheet open in a resizable window — in Windows 3.1 simply pressing Alt-Enter will toggle between a full size and a resizable window ; in Windows 3.0 you have to minimise the application , then use its Control menu to change the display options in the settings menu to be window rather than full screen .
the first point to note is that you need to have your spreadsheet open in a resizable window — in windows 3.1 simply pressing alt-enter will toggle between a full size and a resizable window ; in windows 3.0 you have to minimise the [use] , then use its control menu to change the display options in the settings menu to be window rather than full screen .

The screens are very well laid out which is essential for any database application .
the screens are very well laid out which is essential for any database [use] .

More than 70 pen functions are supported allowing application developers to create exciting new pen applications .
more than 70 pen functions are supported allowing [use] developers to create exciting new pen applications .

Once the task manager is visible all you can select Tile or Cascade to instantly tidy up the all of the application windows currently open .
once the task manager is visible all you can select tile or cascade to instantly tidy up the all of the [use] windows currently open .

Within a few minutes of installing the application ( which , incidentally , takes rather less than fifteen minutes , even on a reasonably slow machine ) quit sophisticated logos and graphics of that ilk were appearing onscreen courtesy of some simply presented but powerful facilities .
within a few minutes of installing the [use] ( which , incidentally , takes rather less than fifteen minutes , even on a reasonably slow machine ) quit sophisticated logos and graphics of that ilk were appearing onscreen courtesy of some simply presented but powerful facilities .

Our initial impressions of Utopia are very positive , so much so that we 're going to install the application to log all the Windows related problems , hints , tips and fixes encountered via this column .
our initial impressions of utopia are very positive , so much so that we 're going to install the [use] to log all the windows related problems , hints , tips and fixes encountered via this column .

Add to that all manner of other goodies — like fitting your spreadsheet to the printed page , automatic formatting ( in other words choosing colour schemes and text styles in order to make the sheet look better ) and so on , and you have an application that sets the standard for others to follow .
add to that all manner of other goodies — like fitting your spreadsheet to the printed page , automatic formatting ( in other words choosing colour schemes and text styles in order to make the sheet look better ) and so on , and you have an [use] that sets the standard for others to follow .

Microsoft has also demonstrated voice mail working on the system — if you ca n't be bothered to type a message in , just record it instead ! Schedule+ is a graphical scheduling application designed to coordinate a working timetable for any or all the users on the system .
microsoft has also demonstrated voice mail working on the system — if you ca n't be bothered to type a message in , just record it instead ! schedule+ is a graphical scheduling [use] designed to coordinate a working timetable for any or all the users on the system .

Included is the actual program code for a finished application called Databox .
included is the actual program code for a finished [use] called databox .

The idea is that you bring along a fully licensed copy of a rival business application , buy a Microsoft Office Trade-In pack , which includes a mouse mat , voucher and pre-paid envelope , post the voucher with proof of ownership and Microsoft sends you Office 3.0 , which has a recommended price of £575 .
the idea is that you bring along a fully licensed copy of a rival business [use] , buy a microsoft office trade-in pack , which includes a mouse mat , voucher and pre-paid envelope , post the voucher with proof of ownership and microsoft sends you office 3.0 , which has a recommended price of £575 .

Fishbase is a very practical application of the personal computer .
fishbase is a very practical [use] of the personal computer .

Once converted FAXgrabber automatically places the text onto the Windows clipboard for insertion into whatever Windows application you are using .
once converted faxgrabber automatically places the text onto the windows clipboard for insertion into whatever windows [use] you are using .

To open more than one application at the same time you must first enable the task swapper .
to open more than one [use] at the same time you must first enable the task swapper .

Because BoP is a Windows application , you have access to all the fonts you 've got in your Windows system .
because bop is a windows [use] , you have access to all the fonts you 've got in your windows system .

This is the first Windows Application we 've come across where you could throw away the manual , the on-screen help is really that good !
this is the first windows [use] we 've come across where you could throw away the manual , the on-screen help is really that good !

Moon Valley Software are already well-known for their Icon-Do-It application that lets Windows users select their own choice of Icon for any particular application .
moon valley software are already well-known for their icon-do-it [use] that lets windows users select their own choice of icon for any particular [use] .

As its name would suggest , WinFax is a Windows-based Fax application , which has been shipping for a year now in its Version 2.0 form .
as its name would suggest , winfax is a windows-based fax [use] , which has been shipping for a year now in its version 2.0 form .

Each application places its own peculiar burden on the hardware that makes up a system .
each [use] places its own peculiar burden on the hardware that makes up a system .

To maximise performance at a given application it is necessary to choose components carefully — and if you are considering upgrades this again needs to be kept in mind .
to maximise performance at a given [use] it is necessary to choose components carefully — and if you are considering upgrades this again needs to be kept in mind .

Of course very few machines are used for a single application and in practice you need to balance the requirements of each application that you want to run .
of course very few machines are used for a single [use] and in practice you need to balance the requirements of each [use] that you want to run .

The spreadsheet application is second only to word processing in terms of popularity .
the spreadsheet [use] is second only to word processing in terms of popularity .

But what sort of machine do you need to do justice to the application .
but what sort of machine do you need to do justice to the [use] .

As already mentioned , spreadsheets are often thought of as the key number crunching application and therefore benefit most from a numeric coprocessor .
as already mentioned , spreadsheets are often thought of as the key number crunching [use] and therefore benefit most from a numeric coprocessor .

Application Development Tools
[use] development tools

As a direct result of this , text , data and pictures can be freely transferred from one application to another .
as a direct result of this , text , data and pictures can be freely transferred from one [use] to another .

When one or more applications are opened at the same time ( each in its own window ) one application can be chosen to be active whilst the others remain idle but ready for use .
when one or more applications are opened at the same time ( each in its own window ) one [use] can be chosen to be active whilst the others remain idle but ready for use .

Multi-tasking , on the other hand , allows more than one application to be active and working simultaneously .
multi-tasking , on the other hand , allows more than one [use] to be active and working simultaneously .

It allows graphics , text and data to be freely transferred from one application to another with complete compatibility .
it allows graphics , text and data to be freely transferred from one [use] to another with complete compatibility .

When an item is cut , it is copied to the clipboard where it can , if required , be replaced , re-positioned or used in another Windows application .
when an item is cut , it is copied to the clipboard where it can , if required , be replaced , re-positioned or used in another windows [use] .

This image , which was captured form the Program Manager , can now be used in any other application .
this image , which was captured form the program manager , can now be used in any other [use] .

Double clicking the mouse whilst the pointer is over a selected area is the normal way of starting any application from an icon .
double clicking the mouse whilst the pointer is over a selected area is the normal way of starting any [use] from an icon .

Power Launcher is typical of an hDC product , in that it is a collection of utilities and programs rather than a single application .
power launcher is typical of an hdc product , in that it is a collection of utilities and programs rather than a single [use] .

The non-Power Launcher way of doing things normally involves opening the program group your application is in , finding the icon and double clicking on it , accepting that any other windows you may have open at the time will be overwritten if the application starts up maximised .
the non-power launcher way of doing things normally involves opening the program group your [use] is in , finding the icon and double clicking on it , accepting that any other windows you may have open at the time will be overwritten if the [use] starts up maximised .

What 's more , the toolbox will change automatically as you switch between programs , should you so desire , to load the right set of buttons for the application you 're in .
what 's more , the toolbox will change automatically as you switch between programs , should you so desire , to load the right set of buttons for the [use] you 're in .

You move between screens by clicking with the right mouse button on the portion you want to view , and drag the application windows you see here to the portion of the virtual desktop you want them to reside in .
you move between screens by clicking with the right mouse button on the portion you want to view , and drag the [use] windows you see here to the portion of the virtual desktop you want them to reside in .

This is a new departure and a very welcome one , although , as with everything like this , we have our doubts as to whether end users will exercise good taste and discretion in its application .
this is a new departure and a very welcome one , although , as with everything like this , we have our doubts as to whether end users will exercise good taste and discretion in its [use] .

This application for 286 processors or better with Windows 3.1 is designed to simplify data collection .
this [use] for 286 processors or better with windows 3.1 is designed to simplify data collection .

In a Software only environment the true richness of an application can come to the fore with the exposure of relevant facts and figures .
in a software only environment the true richness of an [use] can come to the fore with the exposure of relevant facts and figures .

Disk Space required — Megabytes of disk space required for application , increasingly important as some applications may even require a storage upgrade !
disk space required — megabytes of disk space required for [use] , increasingly important as some applications may even require a storage upgrade !

Disk Sizes included in the application package — 5.25inch and/or 3.5inch disks . It 's very frustrating having to order different size disks when you 've already bought the product !
disk sizes included in the [use] package — 5.25inch and/or 3.5inch disks . it 's very frustrating having to order different size disks when you 've already bought the product !

Number of disks included in application package — this figure could also include data as to low density or high density disks .
number of disks included in [use] package — this figure could also include data as to low density or high density disks .

Technical Support behind the application — Everybody sells software , only a few support it well .
technical support behind the [use] — everybody sells software , only a few support it well .

The Software Magazine should be the only publication able to focus a spotlight on support , an area where users really perceive value in an application .
the software magazine should be the only publication able to focus a spotlight on support , an area where users really perceive value in an [use] .

When an application receives a major change in code , often to correct previous errors , users should not be expected to re-buy the product to pay for the inefficiency of the authors .
when an [use] receives a major change in code , often to correct previous errors , users should not be expected to re-buy the product to pay for the inefficiency of the authors .

You then minimise the application and carry on with your other computing .
you then minimise the [use] and carry on with your other computing .

The mechanics of putting an application in a room are very simple too — as are all the best ideas .
the mechanics of putting an [use] in a room are very simple too — as are all the best ideas .

You can specify a door to take you directly to another room , and just double click on it to get to another application .
you can specify a door to take you directly to another room , and just double click on it to get to another [use] .

This is because Rooms is an application , rather than a true shell , and needs Program Manager in order to run .
this is because rooms is an [use] , rather than a true shell , and needs program manager in order to run .

Recipe Maker is an application designed for windows 3.0 or above that helps make the weekly meal planning , grocery shopping and recipe organising much easier .
recipe maker is an [use] designed for windows 3.0 or above that helps make the weekly meal planning , grocery shopping and recipe organising much easier .

Files linked in this way will be automatically loaded when the application starts .
files linked in this way will be automatically loaded when the [use] starts .

Double click on the ‘ Applications ’ icon to open the Applications window and all the installed application icons will be displayed .
double click on the ‘ applications ’ icon to open the applications window and all the installed [use] icons will be displayed .

What might have been first visualised as a basic low cost word processor might have transformed into a full blown all bells and whistles application that has spreadsheets and databases built in , yet , if you 're still using the first release , you could be losing out .
what might have been first visualised as a basic low cost word processor might have transformed into a full blown all bells and whistles [use] that has spreadsheets and databases built in , yet , if you 're still using the first release , you could be losing out .

It may be legal but did what do you think the chances are that the programmer who created your application anticipated the way that you are trying to use the program .
it may be legal but did what do you think the chances are that the programmer who created your [use] anticipated the way that you are trying to use the program .

Often the only result is that the application will run slow but sometimes it will crash .
often the only result is that the [use] will run slow but sometimes it will crash .

If you have to load an application close to breaking point then at least be patient with it .
if you have to load an [use] close to breaking point then at least be patient with it .

It arrives on ten disks , not all of which are needed , and , being a Windows application , installs very easily .
it arrives on ten disks , not all of which are needed , and , being a windows [use] , installs very easily .

You open the application , set it to read text , set the page orientation , tell it if the document you 're scanning is poor quality — like dot matrix print — and where it is .
you open the [use] , set it to read text , set the page orientation , tell it if the document you 're scanning is poor quality — like dot matrix print — and where it is .

Twenty-four have been told that their application was approved in principle , 69 applications turned down and will now either stay in their current jobs or be redeployed .
twenty-four have been told that their [use] was approved in principle , 69 applications turned down and will now either stay in their current jobs or be redeployed .

On receipt of the initial application the trust will send a medical questionnaire for completion .
on receipt of the initial [use] the trust will send a medical questionnaire for completion .

supply and maintenance of a system optimised for each plant application .
supply and maintenance of a system optimised for each plant [use] .

But when she read Brian 's application , she decided to nab him for herself .
but when she read brian 's [use] , she decided to nab him for herself .

The application of monoclonal antibody research in medicine is more widespread than just in the treatment of cancer .
the [use] of monoclonal antibody research in medicine is more widespread than just in the treatment of cancer .

He believes , however , that the ‘ contracts ’ should establish prisoners ' ‘ legitimate expectations ’ and could provide a platform for an application for judicial review in cases where conditions became intolerable .
he believes , however , that the ‘ contracts ’ should establish prisoners ' ‘ legitimate expectations ’ and could provide a platform for an [use] for judicial review in cases where conditions became intolerable .

Our approach , therefore , focuses on essential themes in multimedia information , providing an overview of the technological environment from which it is emerging and an assessment of the key areas of application in which multi-media may become most influential .
our approach , therefore , focuses on essential themes in multimedia information , providing an overview of the technological environment from which it is emerging and an assessment of the key areas of [use] in which multi-media may become most influential .

Third , in addition to text and numerics , output and display architecture has to be capable of delivering both sound and images to the required standards of any given application .
third , in addition to text and numerics , output and display architecture has to be capable of delivering both sound and images to the required standards of any given [use] .

However , it is so much woven into the fabric of multimedia , we will not focus on interactivity in itself in this study but allow it to feature implicitly throughout our assessment of multimedia design , technology and application .
however , it is so much woven into the fabric of multimedia , we will not focus on interactivity in itself in this study but allow it to feature implicitly throughout our assessment of multimedia design , technology and [use] .

In an educational application , the user may be firmly channelled by the controlling software into pathways that suit the particular didactic purpose of the application .
in an educational [use] , the user may be firmly channelled by the controlling software into pathways that suit the particular didactic purpose of the [use] .

For example , consider an application involving an interactive video system .
for example , consider an [use] involving an interactive video system .

They are simply a much more urgent requirement than in most other areas of application .
they are simply a much more urgent requirement than in most other areas of [use] .

Software suitably designed for the particular application is employed to control the user 's interaction with the multimedia data on the disc .
software suitably designed for the particular [use] is employed to control the user 's interaction with the multimedia data on the disc .

Multimedia is unavoidably a complex , technical environment and many design and application matters necessarily involve an understanding of the technology of the multimedia platforms and other special expertise , particularly in programming .
multimedia is unavoidably a complex , technical environment and many design and [use] matters necessarily involve an understanding of the technology of the multimedia platforms and other special expertise , particularly in programming .

So long as the techniques that determine both how software is used and how it is made are only in the hands of technical experts , computer systems will never find the universal application which is certainly within their grasp .
so long as the techniques that determine both how software is used and how it is made are only in the hands of technical experts , computer systems will never find the universal [use] which is certainly within their grasp .

The tools are then available to let a non-technical author design and build the multimedia application .
the tools are then available to let a non-technical author design and build the multimedia [use] .

The object of the authoring tool is to make it possible for the user to concentrate just on the information and design requirements of an application rather being diverted and befogged by the technical problems of putting them together in a system that works .
the object of the authoring tool is to make it possible for the user to concentrate just on the information and design requirements of an [use] rather being diverted and befogged by the technical problems of putting them together in a system that works .

In fact , a multimedia database may be called upon to store anything you can store on a computer or use in an information application .
in fact , a multimedia database may be called upon to store anything you can store on a computer or use in an information [use] .

In this latter case , we are considering a form of videoconferencing and there seems little doubt that desktop , dial-up videoconferencing is going to become a major area of growth both as an application in itself and as a component of other multimedia applications .
in this latter case , we are considering a form of videoconferencing and there seems little doubt that desktop , dial-up videoconferencing is going to become a major area of growth both as an [use] in itself and as a component of other multimedia applications .

It is therefore a kind of online multimedia application .
it is therefore a kind of online multimedia [use] .

There are also suggestions that multimedia computing will become widespread and commonplace in homes as a further wave of more mature computer application finds its way into the home market .
there are also suggestions that multimedia computing will become widespread and commonplace in homes as a further wave of more mature computer [use] finds its way into the home market .

Although these examples represent important advances in the application of chemical tools to tracing magma systems , the answer to what controls magma-chamber lifetimes is not yet clear .
although these examples represent important advances in the [use] of chemical tools to tracing magma systems , the answer to what controls magma-chamber lifetimes is not yet clear .

Artificial fertilizer application , associated with higher yielding wheat , is also now a feature of the system and is required to cope with the growth in population .
artificial fertilizer [use] , associated with higher yielding wheat , is also now a feature of the system and is required to cope with the growth in population .

Welch objects to our application of a simple algorithm relating phytoplankton chlorophyll to productivity , calling it a ‘ fallacy ’ in the North Pacific because of rapid export of production to higher trophic levels .
welch objects to our [use] of a simple algorithm relating phytoplankton chlorophyll to productivity , calling it a ‘ fallacy ’ in the north pacific because of rapid export of production to higher trophic levels .

By remembering that , application of these criteria for equilibrium to equation ( 8.33 ) leads to the first derivative of that equation while the second derivative is where the subscript c denotes critical conditions .
by remembering that , [use] of these criteria for equilibrium to equation ( 8.33 ) leads to the first derivative of that equation while the second derivative is where the subscript c denotes critical conditions .

The application of infrared to stereostructure determination in polymers is less reliable than n.m.r .
the [use] of infrared to stereostructure determination in polymers is less reliable than n.m.r .

These transitions lead to changes in the physical properties and material application of a polymer , and it is important to examine physical changes wrought in an amorphous polymer as a result of variations in the molecular motion .
these transitions lead to changes in the physical properties and material [use] of a polymer , and it is important to examine physical changes wrought in an amorphous polymer as a result of variations in the molecular motion .

The application of a force to a simple liquid of low molar mass is relieved by the flow of molecules past one another into new positions in the system .
the [use] of a force to a simple liquid of low molar mass is relieved by the flow of molecules past one another into new positions in the system .

Heating will cause a polymer sample to expand thereby creating more room for movement of each kinetic unit and the application of a stress in a particular direction will encourage flow by segmental motion in the direction of the stress .
heating will cause a polymer sample to expand thereby creating more room for movement of each kinetic unit and the [use] of a stress in a particular direction will encourage flow by segmental motion in the direction of the stress .

The molecules are initially in highly coiled shapes but application of a force causes rotation about the chain bonds resulting in an elongation of the molecules in the direction of the stress .
the molecules are initially in highly coiled shapes but [use] of a force causes rotation about the chain bonds resulting in an elongation of the molecules in the direction of the stress .

The application of a shear stress to a viscous liquid on the other hand , is relieved by viscous flow , and for small values of σ s can be described by Newton 's law where η is the coefficient of viscosity and is the rate of shear sometimes denoted by γ .
the [use] of a shear stress to a viscous liquid on the other hand , is relieved by viscous flow , and for small values of σ s can be described by newton 's law where η is the coefficient of viscosity and is the rate of shear sometimes denoted by γ .

Creep , where there is a delayed strain response after the rapid application of a stress ,
creep , where there is a delayed strain response after the rapid [use] of a stress ,

The initial , almost instantaneous , elongation produced by the application of the tensile stress is inversely proportional to the rigidity or modulus of the material , i.e .
the initial , almost instantaneous , elongation produced by the [use] of the tensile stress is inversely proportional to the rigidity or modulus of the material , i.e .

The application of a sinusoidal stress to a Maxwell element produces a strain with the same frequency as , but out of phase with , the stress .
the [use] of a sinusoidal stress to a maxwell element produces a strain with the same frequency as , but out of phase with , the stress .

Application of an electric field to a polymer can lead to polarization of the sample , which is a surface effect , but if the polymer contains groups that can act as permanent dipoles then the applied field will cause them to align in the direction of the field .
[use] of an electric field to a polymer can lead to polarization of the sample , which is a surface effect , but if the polymer contains groups that can act as permanent dipoles then the applied field will cause them to align in the direction of the field .

So far the interpretation of viscoelastic behaviour has been largely phenomenological , relying on the application of mechanical models to aid the elucidation of the observed phenomena .
so far the interpretation of viscoelastic behaviour has been largely phenomenological , relying on the [use] of mechanical models to aid the elucidation of the observed phenomena .

Thus the application of a stress to the molecule will cause distortion , by altering the equilibrium conformation to a less probable one , resulting in a decrease in the entropy and a corresponding increase in the free energy of the system .
thus the [use] of a stress to the molecule will cause distortion , by altering the equilibrium conformation to a less probable one , resulting in a decrease in the entropy and a corresponding increase in the free energy of the system .

The screen dump resulting from the application of these formulae is shown in Figure 4.7 ( b ) .
the screen dump resulting from the [use] of these formulae is shown in figure 4.7 ( b ) .

Each is suitable for a particular application , though there is some overlap .
each is suitable for a particular [use] , though there is some overlap .

The computer offers many possibilities to the geographer who does not aspire to the world model . Some possible areas of application are :
the computer offers many possibilities to the geographer who does not aspire to the world model . some possible areas of [use] are :

After some experience at the fluid level the design tends to fall into a pattern of application areas and sales volume begins to increase .
after some experience at the fluid level the design tends to fall into a pattern of [use] areas and sales volume begins to increase .

When gesture us used as a foil for the more flatly painted areas ( as in ‘ So much depends ’ ) , it appears repetitiously over the painting 's ground and , relegated literally to the background , is emptied of special status by its multiple application .
when gesture us used as a foil for the more flatly painted areas ( as in ‘ so much depends ’ ) , it appears repetitiously over the painting 's ground and , relegated literally to the background , is emptied of special status by its multiple [use] .

Her application came via , general manager at ’ breakfast cereal company in northern France .
her [use] came via , general manager at ’ breakfast cereal company in northern france .

It all began last November when wrote off for an application form and shortly afterwards they were invited , along with 8,000 other families , to go to Birmingham for an audition .
it all began last november when wrote off for an [use] form and shortly afterwards they were invited , along with 8,000 other families , to go to birmingham for an audition .

Arcading , using round arches , is a popular feature in Italian Romanesque buildings but it is always decorative in its application except in a number of instances in northern Italy .
arcading , using round arches , is a popular feature in italian romanesque buildings but it is always decorative in its [use] except in a number of instances in northern italy .

The standard of craftsmanship in these fields was high especially in glass mosaic design and application .
the standard of craftsmanship in these fields was high especially in glass mosaic design and [use] .

David 's application was successful and along with nine other students he will shortly be setting off for one of eight specially selected Earthwatch projects for two weeks of hard work , learning and fun .
david 's [use] was successful and along with nine other students he will shortly be setting off for one of eight specially selected earthwatch projects for two weeks of hard work , learning and fun .

Even if he had been a screaming queen , he thought , it was n't something he was bound to mention on the application form for a boy 's public school .
even if he had been a screaming queen , he thought , it was n't something he was bound to mention on the [use] form for a boy 's public school .

The alternative to managerialism was ‘ corporatism ’ , a concept which had earlier found application in the study of fascism but which was now dusted off for use in what seemed like a new social era .
the alternative to managerialism was ‘ corporatism ’ , a concept which had earlier found [use] in the study of fascism but which was now dusted off for use in what seemed like a new social era .

An example of the application of Foucault to the ‘ urban ’ sphere is Dear and Wolch 's research on what Giddens would no doubt call the ‘ sequestrated region ’ of North American inner cities .
an example of the [use] of foucault to the ‘ urban ’ sphere is dear and wolch 's research on what giddens would no doubt call the ‘ sequestrated region ’ of north american inner cities .

The systems approach focuses on the organisation as a whole and is concerned with the performance of the organisation and not on the specific requirements of any one department or application .
the systems approach focuses on the organisation as a whole and is concerned with the performance of the organisation and not on the specific requirements of any one department or [use] .

In conventional data processing , on the other hand , files are seen as a department or single application resource .
in conventional data processing , on the other hand , files are seen as a department or single [use] resource .

Other likely members of the systems development team will be data analysts who will be involved in developing the data model , and systems analysts , systems designers and programmers who will specify the needs of the users , and design and develop the various subsystems and programs ( or choose and modify the application packages ) .
other likely members of the systems development team will be data analysts who will be involved in developing the data model , and systems analysts , systems designers and programmers who will specify the needs of the users , and design and develop the various subsystems and programs ( or choose and modify the [use] packages ) .

It will show the major application systems of the organisation and the flows of resources between them .
it will show the major [use] systems of the organisation and the flows of resources between them .

The reasons for failure are more likely to be due to people problems , which may show themselves by the lack of cooperation when the information system is being developed and a resistance to the changes that occur when the application is implemented .
the reasons for failure are more likely to be due to people problems , which may show themselves by the lack of cooperation when the information system is being developed and a resistance to the changes that occur when the [use] is implemented .

There is a danger here , however , as the analyst must ensure that it will not be significant in any application in the library .
there is a danger here , however , as the analyst must ensure that it will not be significant in any [use] in the library .

The process of normalisation is the application of a number of rules to the relational model which will simplify the relations .
the process of normalisation is the [use] of a number of rules to the relational model which will simplify the relations .

Knowledge of the application area gained from data analysis will provide this information .
knowledge of the [use] area gained from data analysis will provide this information .

Although much of the mapping is relatively straightforward to automate because it is rule based , there are exceptions and therefore the mapping in a real database application is not quite so straightforward as implied here .
although much of the mapping is relatively straightforward to automate because it is rule based , there are exceptions and therefore the mapping in a real database [use] is not quite so straightforward as implied here .

Objects can be stored and manipulated directly : there is no need to transform application objects into tables .
objects can be stored and manipulated directly : there is no need to transform [use] objects into tables .

The second factor is important because it should lead to improved productivity of application developers , as it is no longer necessary for them to know diverse languages , environments and command sequences .
the second factor is important because it should lead to improved productivity of [use] developers , as it is no longer necessary for them to know diverse languages , environments and command sequences .

In the object-oriented model , objects represent some aspect of interest in the application area : they could be physical entities , concepts , ideas or events .
in the object-oriented model , objects represent some aspect of interest in the [use] area : they could be physical entities , concepts , ideas or events .

In particular , a database user may want to search a file in a number of ways , according to a particular application .
in particular , a database user may want to search a file in a number of ways , according to a particular [use] .

It therefore has major advantages for some application domains : it enables quick access to individual records ; it enables sequential access ; and modifications are made easily .
it therefore has major advantages for some [use] domains : it enables quick access to individual records ; it enables sequential access ; and modifications are made easily .

This can result in fast access if the application files lend themselves to this type of structure .
this can result in fast access if the [use] files lend themselves to this type of structure .

If the database administrator has the choice of file organisation then that chosen will depend on the application .
if the database administrator has the choice of file organisation then that chosen will depend on the [use] .

Some database management systems support a number of file organisation methods and many will help the database administrator by simulating the requirements of the application on various file organisation types .
some database management systems support a number of file organisation methods and many will help the database administrator by simulating the requirements of the [use] on various file organisation types .

At the end of each stage the analyst and management have an opportunity to review progress in the development of the application .
at the end of each stage the analyst and management have an opportunity to review progress in the development of the [use] .

The failure of one application could jeopardise all applications .
the failure of one [use] could jeopardise all applications .

In other words , there is a clear distinction between application logic and the computer representation of that logic .
in other words , there is a clear distinction between [use] logic and the computer representation of that logic .

This can be aided by the use of application packages which the users can try out and choose what is best for them .
this can be aided by the use of [use] packages which the users can try out and choose what is best for them .

In the first chapter we discussed the problems of the application backlog , where user departments may have to wait years for the implementation of systems .
in the first chapter we discussed the problems of the [use] backlog , where user departments may have to wait years for the implementation of systems .

( 6 ) In accordance with the constitution of the Labour Party the General Committee of this party or the executive committee of a nationally affiliated organisation shall by resolution formally accept responsibility for the election expenses of the prospective candidate selected and a copy of such resolution shall be attached to the application of the constituency party to the National Executive Committee for endorsement .
( 6 ) in accordance with the constitution of the labour party the general committee of this party or the executive committee of a nationally affiliated organisation shall by resolution formally accept responsibility for the election expenses of the prospective candidate selected and a copy of such resolution shall be attached to the [use] of the constituency party to the national executive committee for endorsement .

He recalled the desire for leisure which even the most serious and industrious of workers experienced after a period of constant application , impelling them to `` indulge in idleness `` .
he recalled the desire for leisure which even the most serious and industrious of workers experienced after a period of constant [use] , impelling them to `` indulge in idleness `` .

It pointed to a future in which the hitherto limiting relationship of water transport to the economy could be inverted : now waterways could be brought to favourable sites : `` The controlled application of water to industrial and commercial purposes was indeed the basic and most potent technology in Britain 's early economic advancement . ``
it pointed to a future in which the hitherto limiting relationship of water transport to the economy could be inverted : now waterways could be brought to favourable sites : `` the controlled [use] of water to industrial and commercial purposes was indeed the basic and most potent technology in britain 's early economic advancement . ``

In a joint paper with Safir , Suits verified his model for mature corn and discussed its application to blight detection .
in a joint paper with safir , suits verified his model for mature corn and discussed its [use] to blight detection .

The application of dynamic input is more restricted than static recognition since it demands that the user have available a suitable input device at the time of writing and is obviously only applicable to handwritten text .
the [use] of dynamic input is more restricted than static recognition since it demands that the user have available a suitable input device at the time of writing and is obviously only applicable to handwritten text .

The application of such information to assisting in the recognition of text forms the basis of this thesis .
the [use] of such information to assisting in the recognition of text forms the basis of this thesis .

Application of grammars requires knowledge of the grammatical behaviour of the words of the language ( stored in a lexicon ) and a parsing algorithm to specify how to apply the knowledge of the grammar and the syntactic behaviour of the words to the input .
[use] of grammars requires knowledge of the grammatical behaviour of the words of the language ( stored in a lexicon ) and a parsing algorithm to specify how to apply the knowledge of the grammar and the syntactic behaviour of the words to the input .

When a shape recogniser is used that produces alternative candidates the application of word structure involves determining which of the possible character combinations form words .
when a shape recogniser is used that produces alternative candidates the [use] of word structure involves determining which of the possible character combinations form words .

The most notable case of this is the application of transformational grammar to automatic parsing systems which proved theoretically very appealing , but computationally unsuccessful ( c.f .
the most notable case of this is the [use] of transformational grammar to automatic parsing systems which proved theoretically very appealing , but computationally unsuccessful ( c.f .

Another application to receive early attention aimed to produce the ‘ library of the future ’ .
another [use] to receive early attention aimed to produce the ‘ library of the future ’ .

This application is of benefit for queries to a computer that take place over a telephone and also for providing reading aids for the blind .
this [use] is of benefit for queries to a computer that take place over a telephone and also for providing reading aids for the blind .

One application that benefited from their use is given by Rabiner and Levinson ( 1985 ) for speech recognition of flight reservation information .
one [use] that benefited from their use is given by rabiner and levinson ( 1985 ) for speech recognition of flight reservation information .

Due to the increased complexity arising from multiple word candidates in the input and the requirement that the system provide a wide coverage of English the use of an ATN-based grammar was considered unsuitable for the current application .
due to the increased complexity arising from multiple word candidates in the input and the requirement that the system provide a wide coverage of english the use of an atn-based grammar was considered unsuitable for the current [use] .

An advantage of this type of parser is that it performs recognition in linear time . The disadvantages of a Marcus parser for the current application include :
an advantage of this type of parser is that it performs recognition in linear time . the disadvantages of a marcus parser for the current [use] include :

For a generative grammar , the concurrent application of semantic processing can reject unlikely partial structures , thereby reducing the amount of processing the parser has to perform .
for a generative grammar , the concurrent [use] of semantic processing can reject unlikely partial structures , thereby reducing the amount of processing the parser has to perform .

Since the possibility of full grammatical coverage is not feasible many systems have been created that are targeted to a specific application domain .
since the possibility of full grammatical coverage is not feasible many systems have been created that are targeted to a specific [use] domain .

By accepting such a limitation in application domain it is possible to achieve much more detailed analysis of the text .
by accepting such a limitation in [use] domain it is possible to achieve much more detailed analysis of the text .

It is also likely that some tailoring of the system will be necessary for a different application .
it is also likely that some tailoring of the system will be necessary for a different [use] .

The major problems for the recognition application are the multitude of possible syntactic representations postulated by the look-up and the computation required .
the major problems for the recognition [use] are the multitude of possible syntactic representations postulated by the look-up and the computation required .

Overall the computational complexity of the system rules it out at the present time for application to the recognition task .
overall the computational complexity of the system rules it out at the present time for [use] to the recognition task .

The large number of parses produced are unnecessary and unhelpful in the recognition application .
the large number of parses produced are unnecessary and unhelpful in the recognition [use] .

One application that has continued to make use of the statistical properties of language is stylistic analysis .
one [use] that has continued to make use of the statistical properties of language is stylistic analysis .

For a recognition application the aim of the model is to participate in the choice of candidates recognised ( Jelinek , Mercer & Bahl , 1983 ) .
for a recognition [use] the aim of the model is to participate in the choice of candidates recognised ( jelinek , mercer & bahl , 1983 ) .

The recognition phase is the run-time application of the information derived during development .
the recognition phase is the run-time [use] of the information derived during development .

The run-time application of syntactic information uses the transition matrices and the lexicon to rank the words in the lattice .
the run-time [use] of syntactic information uses the transition matrices and the lexicon to rank the words in the lattice .

The application of bigram information to the lattice is shown in fig 4.3 .
the [use] of bigram information to the lattice is shown in fig 4.3 .

For a practical application it is necessary to take into account the amount of memory required to run the system and the rate at which processing is carried out .
for a practical [use] it is necessary to take into account the amount of memory required to run the system and the rate at which processing is carried out .

One such application involves text-to-speech synthesis .
one such [use] involves text-to-speech synthesis .

For this application syntactic processing is required to determine exactly where in the output to correctly specify prosody .
for this [use] syntactic processing is required to determine exactly where in the output to correctly specify prosody .

It must also be taken into consideration that the generative system is being used for an application alien to its originally design .
it must also be taken into consideration that the generative system is being used for an [use] alien to its originally design .

Once an agreement has been reached and the minister has authorized it , an application is made to the government of the supplying country and , if approved , the transaction goes ahead .
once an agreement has been reached and the minister has authorized it , an [use] is made to the government of the supplying country and , if approved , the transaction goes ahead .

‘ Show me your application , ’ said the clerk .
‘ show me your [use] , ’ said the clerk .

Finally , there is the application from the Royal Scottish National hospital at Larbert .
finally , there is the [use] from the royal scottish national hospital at larbert .

In the case of Larbert , there has been support for the application from the Institute of Health Services Management , the Forth Valley college of nursing and midwifery and the National Board for Nursing , Midwifery and Health Visiting .
in the case of larbert , there has been support for the [use] from the institute of health services management , the forth valley college of nursing and midwifery and the national board for nursing , midwifery and health visiting .

Is the Secretary of State aware that his scandalous decision will be greeted by outrage not only in Aberdeen and the surrounding area by everyone connected with the medical and caring professions but by everyone right across the political spectrum in the north-east of Scotland , including the hapless Marcus Humphrey ? Is he aware that his information is totally wrong and that nothing in the application shows that patient care and services will improve under the trusts ? Is he not aware that every specialty at the Foresterhill site , with the exception of laboratory services , voted overwhelmingly to reject the trust ? Is it not the case that the right hon. Gentleman 's delay in coming to the House to announce his decision is because , when he looked at the facts , he was minded to reject the application but was told by the puppet master sitting next to him that he had to make a political decision ?
is the secretary of state aware that his scandalous decision will be greeted by outrage not only in aberdeen and the surrounding area by everyone connected with the medical and caring professions but by everyone right across the political spectrum in the north-east of scotland , including the hapless marcus humphrey ? is he aware that his information is totally wrong and that nothing in the [use] shows that patient care and services will improve under the trusts ? is he not aware that every specialty at the foresterhill site , with the exception of laboratory services , voted overwhelmingly to reject the trust ? is it not the case that the right hon. gentleman 's delay in coming to the house to announce his decision is because , when he looked at the facts , he was minded to reject the [use] but was told by the puppet master sitting next to him that he had to make a political decision ?

How on earth can the Secretary of State justify his disgraceful decisions , particularly on the Royal Scottish National hospital in my constituency , where the application for trust status was opposed by virtually the entire community , the patients ' relatives association and 96 per cent . of the staff ? Is the Secretary of State so arrogant that he thinks that he knows better than the people who are actively involved in the care of the mentally handicapped ? Is he so politically inept that he virtually signals to the people of Scotland that the only thing which will stop this arrant nonsense is the next general election , when he and his cronies will be swept out of power and the interests of patients will be put before political dogma ?
how on earth can the secretary of state justify his disgraceful decisions , particularly on the royal scottish national hospital in my constituency , where the [use] for trust status was opposed by virtually the entire community , the patients ' relatives association and 96 per cent . of the staff ? is the secretary of state so arrogant that he thinks that he knows better than the people who are actively involved in the care of the mentally handicapped ? is he so politically inept that he virtually signals to the people of scotland that the only thing which will stop this arrant nonsense is the next general election , when he and his cronies will be swept out of power and the interests of patients will be put before political dogma ?

There was a three-month thorough consultation period for each specific trust , during which detailed application forms were sent out extensively .
there was a three-month thorough consultation period for each specific trust , during which detailed [use] forms were sent out extensively .

An important issue in terms of the application of the Bill is contained in clause 3(3) , which says : ’ This Act extends to England and Wales only . ’
an important issue in terms of the [use] of the bill is contained in clause 3(3) , which says : ’ this act extends to england and wales only . ’

If the letterhead was faked , surely , as he says , not only was the story fabricated but the application was fraudulent .
if the letterhead was faked , surely , as he says , not only was the story fabricated but the [use] was fraudulent .

The first is the average length of time between first receipt of an application and a visit .
the first is the average length of time between first receipt of an [use] and a visit .

The second main problem relates to the delay in the occupational therapist 's visit to assess the application .
the second main problem relates to the delay in the occupational therapist 's visit to assess the [use] .

If one adds that delay to the average of about three months before the first visit is made , one is talking about a possible delay of one year and three months before the application starts to receive the attention that is required before it can proceed .
if one adds that delay to the average of about three months before the first visit is made , one is talking about a possible delay of one year and three months before the [use] starts to receive the attention that is required before it can proceed .

Patterson of 126 Dromalane Park , Newry , who received the Housing Executive 's reply to her application on 2 October 1989 , but was visited by an occupational therapist only last week .
patterson of 126 dromalane park , newry , who received the housing executive 's reply to her [use] on 2 october 1989 , but was visited by an occupational therapist only last week .

Almost two years elapsed before even the initial visit was made , making the applicant think that her application had been turned down .
almost two years elapsed before even the initial visit was made , making the applicant think that her [use] had been turned down .

Is not there a means of creating a one-stop application in such circumstances ?
is not there a means of creating a one-stop [use] in such circumstances ?

Some of the delay is inevitably due to the way in which the applicant , having been through the preliminary investigation and the visit from the occupational therapist , considers the scheme proposed for him before proceeding to the formal application stage .
some of the delay is inevitably due to the way in which the applicant , having been through the preliminary investigation and the visit from the occupational therapist , considers the scheme proposed for him before proceeding to the formal [use] stage .

First , he is concerned about the application of the list size criterion .
first , he is concerned about the [use] of the list size criterion .

That application relates to the Oxfordshire motor project — which is aimed at those on probation , following conviction , unlike the diversionary projects to which the right hon. Member for Birmingham , Sparkbrook ( Mr. Hattersley ) referred .
that [use] relates to the oxfordshire motor project — which is aimed at those on probation , following conviction , unlike the diversionary projects to which the right hon. member for birmingham , sparkbrook ( mr. hattersley ) referred .

By the application of simple logic , anyone can work out that that means that he does not like private residential care .
by the [use] of simple logic , anyone can work out that that means that he does not like private residential care .

Yes , we can look forward to that application , for under the provisions agreed in the treaty , if we and our European partners fail to implement directives that we sign up to , we shall be subjected to substantial fines by the European Court of Justice .
yes , we can look forward to that [use] , for under the provisions agreed in the treaty , if we and our european partners fail to implement directives that we sign up to , we shall be subjected to substantial fines by the european court of justice .

For that reason , there is a need to consider application of the European Community 's proximity principle to the use of facilities by neighbouring countries .
for that reason , there is a need to consider [use] of the european community 's proximity principle to the use of facilities by neighbouring countries .

The first is in relation to the need for an applicant who is aggrieved by the decision of the local planning authority on his application to have a right of appeal .
the first is in relation to the need for an applicant who is aggrieved by the decision of the local planning authority on his [use] to have a right of appeal .

The Secretary of State may receive representations in the light of which he may decide to require a particular application to be referred to him for decision .
the secretary of state may receive representations in the light of which he may decide to require a particular [use] to be referred to him for decision .

May we have a debate on early-day motion 458 ? [ That this House is deeply concerned that ( a ) in October 1991 , the Inspectorate of Pollution issued an improvement notice plus additional requirements upon Coal Products Ltd. , Avenue Works , Wingerworth , Derbyshire , arising from problems of airborne pollution , ( b ) in November 1991 , the North East Derbyshire District Council rejected a planning application for the installation of a plant for the regeneration of active carbon on the same site and ( c ) in December 1991 , the National Rivers Authority issued a report showing that following partial treatment at lagoons in a country park , 40 million gallons of toxic effluent is seeping into the ground near homes at nearby Grassmoor ; and calls upon the Secretary of State for the Environment to undertake an urgent environmental audit of the plant and its neighbouring communities with an immediate project of protecting the health and well-being of both the workforce at Coal Products Ltd. and residents in the surrounding communities , whilst seeking ways and means of safeguarding jobs in an area of high unemployment . ]
may we have a debate on early-day motion 458 ? [ that this house is deeply concerned that ( a ) in october 1991 , the inspectorate of pollution issued an improvement notice plus additional requirements upon coal products ltd. , avenue works , wingerworth , derbyshire , arising from problems of airborne pollution , ( b ) in november 1991 , the north east derbyshire district council rejected a planning [use] for the installation of a plant for the regeneration of active carbon on the same site and ( c ) in december 1991 , the national rivers authority issued a report showing that following partial treatment at lagoons in a country park , 40 million gallons of toxic effluent is seeping into the ground near homes at nearby grassmoor ; and calls upon the secretary of state for the environment to undertake an urgent environmental audit of the plant and its neighbouring communities with an immediate project of protecting the health and well-being of both the workforce at coal products ltd. and residents in the surrounding communities , whilst seeking ways and means of safeguarding jobs in an area of high unemployment . ]

While that is being done , their families at home , in Zaire , Somalia , Iran , Iraq , or wherever it may be , are in great danger if the authorities in those countries find out that an asylum application has been made in Europe or anywhere else .
while that is being done , their families at home , in zaire , somalia , iran , iraq , or wherever it may be , are in great danger if the authorities in those countries find out that an asylum [use] has been made in europe or anywhere else .

We should be supporting the right to seek independent legal advice in support of an asylum application .
we should be supporting the right to seek independent legal advice in support of an asylum [use] .

The application for leave is a much more beneficial ground than most other countries in Europe give ; it is a much freer ground .
the [use] for leave is a much more beneficial ground than most other countries in europe give ; it is a much freer ground .

But it is really important that there should be another interview with another interpreter , and that it should be before the adjudicator in the application for leave .
but it is really important that there should be another interview with another interpreter , and that it should be before the adjudicator in the [use] for leave .

62 , in page , 47 line , 43 , at end insert — ( ) The terms and conditions on which the Secretary of State may make any grants under this paragraph may include in particular conditions — ( a ) enabling him to require the repayment , in whole or in part , of sums paid by him if any other condition subject to which the sums were paid is not complied with ; and ( b ) requiring the payment of interest in respect of any period during which a sum due to him in accordance with any other condition remains unpaid , but shall not relate to the application by the college council to which the grant is made of any sums derived otherwise than from the Secretary of State . '
62 , in page , 47 line , 43 , at end insert — ( ) the terms and conditions on which the secretary of state may make any grants under this paragraph may include in particular conditions — ( a ) enabling him to require the repayment , in whole or in part , of sums paid by him if any other condition subject to which the sums were paid is not complied with ; and ( b ) requiring the payment of interest in respect of any period during which a sum due to him in accordance with any other condition remains unpaid , but shall not relate to the [use] by the college council to which the grant is made of any sums derived otherwise than from the secretary of state . '

The issue has an application wider even than the application that the hon .
the issue has an [use] wider even than the [use] that the hon .

1 galley proof of Gazette Notice of Intended Application for ‘ Alteration of Line during progress of Bill ’ .
1 galley proof of gazette notice of intended [use] for ‘ alteration of line during progress of bill ’ .

Has the Prime Minister noticed that the major issue in the Kincardine and Deeside by-election is the widespread public opposition to the application by Foresterhill hospital in Aberdeen to become a self-governing trust ? As the Minister with responsibility for health in Scotland clearly favours trust status and as the Conservative candidate has come out publicly against it , will the Prime Minister tell the House who he agrees with — his Health Minister or the candidate ?
has the prime minister noticed that the major issue in the kincardine and deeside by-election is the widespread public opposition to the [use] by foresterhill hospital in aberdeen to become a self-governing trust ? as the minister with responsibility for health in scotland clearly favours trust status and as the conservative candidate has come out publicly against it , will the prime minister tell the house who he agrees with — his health minister or the candidate ?

Does the Minister accept that a local authority such as Bradford , which tries to provide a wide range of discretionary awards , is inevitably limited by the amount of money that it can give ? If central Government provided more assistance , the Minister may rest assured that such LEAs would provide more students with the opportunity of further and higher education through the application of discretionary awards .
does the minister accept that a local authority such as bradford , which tries to provide a wide range of discretionary awards , is inevitably limited by the amount of money that it can give ? if central government provided more assistance , the minister may rest assured that such leas would provide more students with the opportunity of further and higher education through the [use] of discretionary awards .

At the meeting on 18 November , will there be a clear discussion about the eight-day tie-up regulations which , one year on , are now seen as the most hated and despised aspect of the conservation policy , bringing financial hardship , fear and life-threatening situations to our coastal communities ? If the Government are not prepared to abolish that most ineffective policy , will they at least consider flexibility in the application of the rules , taking particular account of men who are kept on shore because of bad weather or boat maintenance ?
at the meeting on 18 november , will there be a clear discussion about the eight-day tie-up regulations which , one year on , are now seen as the most hated and despised aspect of the conservation policy , bringing financial hardship , fear and life-threatening situations to our coastal communities ? if the government are not prepared to abolish that most ineffective policy , will they at least consider flexibility in the [use] of the rules , taking particular account of men who are kept on shore because of bad weather or boat maintenance ?

To ask the Secretary of State for Scotland what was the total number of responses to the consultation process regarding the application for trust status for Ayrshire South hospital ; and how many were for or against .
to ask the secretary of state for scotland what was the total number of responses to the consultation process regarding the [use] for trust status for ayrshire south hospital ; and how many were for or against .

Opinions ranged from outright support to outright opposition , with many respondents expressing concern or seeking information about particular aspects of the application .
opinions ranged from outright support to outright opposition , with many respondents expressing concern or seeking information about particular aspects of the [use] .

Will the Secretary of State confirm that he has already decided to refuse the trust application from the Royal Scottish National hospital at Larbert and to suspend the applications from Foresterhill and Ayrshire South hospitals , designating them as shadow trusts , whatever that means ? When will the Secretary of State make a decision and give us an answer on that most important issue ?
will the secretary of state confirm that he has already decided to refuse the trust [use] from the royal scottish national hospital at larbert and to suspend the applications from foresterhill and ayrshire south hospitals , designating them as shadow trusts , whatever that means ? when will the secretary of state make a decision and give us an answer on that most important issue ?

Resources are there in plenty ; what we are now achieving is an improved application of those resources .
resources are there in plenty ; what we are now achieving is an improved [use] of those resources .

To ask the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland if he will make a statement on the application of the citizens charter to Northern Ireland .
to ask the secretary of state for northern ireland if he will make a statement on the [use] of the citizens charter to northern ireland .

When the Community came to consider the application , one of the things that it would wish to ensure was that the benefit of the membership would be available to the whole community .
when the community came to consider the [use] , one of the things that it would wish to ensure was that the benefit of the membership would be available to the whole community .

After the long bout of socialism there is bound to be economic instability in Russia and perhaps the way forward would be for those who do not trust the rouble to use barter deals . Will my hon. Friend pay particular attention to the application of a company in my constituency which requires a small amount of insurance cover that could lead to tens of millions of pounds ' worth of business ?
after the long bout of socialism there is bound to be economic instability in russia and perhaps the way forward would be for those who do not trust the rouble to use barter deals . will my hon. friend pay particular attention to the [use] of a company in my constituency which requires a small amount of insurance cover that could lead to tens of millions of pounds ' worth of business ?

The average turnround for a passport application in the last year has been six working days .
the average turnround for a passport [use] in the last year has been six working days .

Friend the Home Secretary announced on 28 November that he had not approved the police authority 's application for 79 additional police posts in 1992-93 .
friend the home secretary announced on 28 november that he had not approved the police authority 's [use] for 79 additional police posts in 1992-93 .

Will my hon. Friend agree , when considering the long-term funding for the Sports Council , to look sympathetically on its application for relocation expenses for its planned move from London to the city of York ?
will my hon. friend agree , when considering the long-term funding for the sports council , to look sympathetically on its [use] for relocation expenses for its planned move from london to the city of york ?

Does the Minister think that it is satisfactory for the people of Teesside to be faced with an application for a power station , another for a gas plant for the power station , and a separate application for the overhead line ? Would not it have been more sensible to request all those concerned with the project to put forward their plans together and subject them all to just one public inquiry ?
does the minister think that it is satisfactory for the people of teesside to be faced with an [use] for a power station , another for a gas plant for the power station , and a separate [use] for the overhead line ? would not it have been more sensible to request all those concerned with the project to put forward their plans together and subject them all to just one public inquiry ?

Will my hon. Friend confirm that the terms of reference for the public inquiry that he has announced today will allow the inspector the option of recommending that my right hon. Friend refuse the National Grid Company 's application ? Does he agree that the private sector electricity industry makes it ever more important that safeguards should be built in to the process so that the need factor and the environmental impact are taken into account ?
will my hon. friend confirm that the terms of reference for the public inquiry that he has announced today will allow the inspector the option of recommending that my right hon. friend refuse the national grid company 's [use] ? does he agree that the private sector electricity industry makes it ever more important that safeguards should be built in to the process so that the need factor and the environmental impact are taken into account ?

To ask the Secretary of State for Education and Science when he intends to make a decision on the application for grant-maintained status from Torrells comprehensive school , Grays , Essex .
to ask the secretary of state for education and science when he intends to make a decision on the [use] for grant-maintained status from torrells comprehensive school , grays , essex .

Is the Minister aware that 18 schools in the Cleveland authority area were built before 1914 and that in the current financial year Cleveland has received only a quarter of its capital allocation ? It is therefore not surprising that thousands of children in Cleveland 's schools are being taught in sub-standard conditions — which must have an effect on education standards . Is it not about time that the Government invested in Cleveland 's schools ? Or are we seeing yet another example of the application of double standards , with Ministers providing no money for the public sector , while sending their own children to school in the private sector ?
is the minister aware that 18 schools in the cleveland authority area were built before 1914 and that in the current financial year cleveland has received only a quarter of its capital allocation ? it is therefore not surprising that thousands of children in cleveland 's schools are being taught in sub-standard conditions — which must have an effect on education standards . is it not about time that the government invested in cleveland 's schools ? or are we seeing yet another example of the [use] of double standards , with ministers providing no money for the public sector , while sending their own children to school in the private sector ?

There was a project that led to considerable extra expenditure in primary schools which was closely steered into the dogmatic application of a version of teaching methods and which had harmful consequences in schools .
there was a project that led to considerable extra expenditure in primary schools which was closely steered into the dogmatic [use] of a version of teaching methods and which had harmful consequences in schools .

Friend will no doubt be aware that a Turkish application to join the Community has been received .
friend will no doubt be aware that a turkish [use] to join the community has been received .

Will the Minister extend the application of the know-how fund in the Baltic states to the environmental problems that they have inherited , in particular the devastation left by the oil shale industry in Estonia ?
will the minister extend the [use] of the know-how fund in the baltic states to the environmental problems that they have inherited , in particular the devastation left by the oil shale industry in estonia ?

To ask the Secretary of State for the Home Department when he expects to make a decision relating to West Yorkshire police authority 's application for a £3.6 million grant from the urban crime fund .
to ask the secretary of state for the home department when he expects to make a decision relating to west yorkshire police authority 's [use] for a £3.6 million grant from the urban crime fund .

People who have the right of residence in the United Kingdom and who might apply for social security benefits will have their application assessed on the same criteria as British citizens .
people who have the right of residence in the united kingdom and who might apply for social security benefits will have their [use] assessed on the same criteria as british citizens .

The longest period for which an order book can be issued to an asylum seeker who makes a successful application for income support is 20 weeks .
the longest period for which an order book can be issued to an asylum seeker who makes a successful [use] for income support is 20 weeks .

the number of people making application for asylum status .
the number of people making [use] for asylum status .

But humbly regret that the Gracious Speech seeks to continue economic policies which have caused a deep and damaging recession , falling output and investment , rising unemployment and record levels of business failures and house repossessions ; and call upon the Government to adopt a programme for recovery which will encourage investment and rising levels of employment by the promotion of sustained investment in the manufacturing sector , by encouraging industrial innovation through the application of science and technology and by fully exploiting the potential of the neglected regions through vigorous regional policies , and by providing new opportunities in education and training which are crucial to Britain 's economic recovery and future prosperity .
but humbly regret that the gracious speech seeks to continue economic policies which have caused a deep and damaging recession , falling output and investment , rising unemployment and record levels of business failures and house repossessions ; and call upon the government to adopt a programme for recovery which will encourage investment and rising levels of employment by the promotion of sustained investment in the manufacturing sector , by encouraging industrial innovation through the [use] of science and technology and by fully exploiting the potential of the neglected regions through vigorous regional policies , and by providing new opportunities in education and training which are crucial to britain 's economic recovery and future prosperity .

According to the planning application , which is dated January 1991 , the estimated overall cost of the scheme is £51 million .
according to the planning [use] , which is dated january 1991 , the estimated overall cost of the scheme is £51 million .

The planning sub-committee of Buckinghamshire county council , which meets on Monday to consider the scheme , must inevitably confine itself to the planning application before it , and the planning issues arising from it .
the planning sub-committee of buckinghamshire county council , which meets on monday to consider the scheme , must inevitably confine itself to the planning [use] before it , and the planning issues arising from it .

The panel is minded to agree that the application is for a project of immense scale and impact and should be determined only after a far-reaching public inquiry .
the panel is minded to agree that the [use] is for a project of immense scale and impact and should be determined only after a far-reaching public inquiry .

The panel could support such a project contrary to the county structure plan and the south Buckinghamshire local plan only if satisfied on three counts : first , that the need is abundantly clear ; secondly , that the way of tackling the flooding problem as set out in the application is undoubtedly the best of all possible alternatives ; and thirdly , that a wide variety of outstanding issues are each resolved in the best possible way .
the panel could support such a project contrary to the county structure plan and the south buckinghamshire local plan only if satisfied on three counts : first , that the need is abundantly clear ; secondly , that the way of tackling the flooding problem as set out in the [use] is undoubtedly the best of all possible alternatives ; and thirdly , that a wide variety of outstanding issues are each resolved in the best possible way .

Because of the scale of the proposals , and because they would result in the excavation of large quantities of gravel , it has been agreed that the application would be dealt with by the two county councils .
because of the scale of the proposals , and because they would result in the excavation of large quantities of gravel , it has been agreed that the [use] would be dealt with by the two county councils .

My hon. Friend will appreciate that , as the proposals could come before my right hon. Friend either through the exercise of that power or , should the county councils refuse the application the National Rivers Authority , it would not be appropriate to comment on the merits of the proposals .
my hon. friend will appreciate that , as the proposals could come before my right hon. friend either through the exercise of that power or , should the county councils refuse the [use] the national rivers authority , it would not be appropriate to comment on the merits of the proposals .

’ for which application has to be made .
’ for which [use] has to be made .

There is absolutely no incentive for the second person on a low income to sign the application form because he is not liable to pay the tax .
there is absolutely no incentive for the second person on a low income to sign the [use] form because he is not liable to pay the tax .

While remedying the deficiencies in the procedures and ensuring that cases are dealt with properly and without delay , it is vital that each application is dealt with fairly and adequately , that each applicant has access to independent legal advice , and that there is a right to proper appeal — a right that the Bill does not give .
while remedying the deficiencies in the procedures and ensuring that cases are dealt with properly and without delay , it is vital that each [use] is dealt with fairly and adequately , that each applicant has access to independent legal advice , and that there is a right to proper appeal — a right that the bill does not give .

Applications for leave to appeal must be made within 48 hours of the asylum seeker receiving notice that the application has been refused .
applications for leave to appeal must be made within 48 hours of the asylum seeker receiving notice that the [use] has been refused .

The adviser will have to complete the relevant documentation based on the reasons given for the refusal of the application .
the adviser will have to complete the relevant documentation based on the reasons given for the refusal of the [use] .

The Labour party wants application procedures to be speeded up so that we have a proper , fair and effective system that ensures that this country continues its long honourable tradition of providing asylum for refugees .
the labour party wants [use] procedures to be speeded up so that we have a proper , fair and effective system that ensures that this country continues its long honourable tradition of providing asylum for refugees .

If an application is processed quickly and is found to be bogus , the person concerned is sent back to his country of origin .
if an [use] is processed quickly and is found to be bogus , the person concerned is sent back to his country of origin .

However , if that application process takes a long time , it is felt that one can not upset that person 's lifestyle — he may be married — and he is allowed to stay .
however , if that [use] process takes a long time , it is felt that one can not upset that person 's lifestyle — he may be married — and he is allowed to stay .

If someone arrives here from Canada , how can we say that we will consider properly and carefully his application for political asylum ?
if someone arrives here from canada , how can we say that we will consider properly and carefully his [use] for political asylum ?

The successful application of competition to increase value for money should be an important factor in determining performance pay .
the successful [use] of competition to increase value for money should be an important factor in determining performance pay .

Is the Leader of the House aware that the representatives of every medical and professional body in Aberdeen and Grampian region oppose the opt-out application for Foresterhill hospitals ? Although he may not care to remember as far back as a fortnight ago , does he recollect that every candidate in the Kincardine and Deeside by-election , including his own , expressed opposition to the opt-out proposals ? Will he ensure that next week the Secretary of State for Scotland comes to the House and rejects the proposals out of hand ?
is the leader of the house aware that the representatives of every medical and professional body in aberdeen and grampian region oppose the opt-out [use] for foresterhill hospitals ? although he may not care to remember as far back as a fortnight ago , does he recollect that every candidate in the kincardine and deeside by-election , including his own , expressed opposition to the opt-out proposals ? will he ensure that next week the secretary of state for scotland comes to the house and rejects the proposals out of hand ?

Few of the provisions of the Bill belong uniquely to the 16-19 age group , but some have a very special application to the provision of further education for adults .
few of the provisions of the bill belong uniquely to the 16-19 age group , but some have a very special [use] to the provision of further education for adults .

Such assessments must follow the planning application .
such assessments must follow the planning [use] .

The environmental assessment will be submitted along with the planning application .
the environmental assessment will be submitted along with the planning [use] .

It is up to the people considering the planning application to deliver a judgment on the assessment .
it is up to the people considering the planning [use] to deliver a judgment on the assessment .

Privilege tickets at fares somewhere near a third or a quarter ordinary rate were issued at any booking office on presentation of an application form .
privilege tickets at fares somewhere near a third or a quarter ordinary rate were issued at any booking office on presentation of an [use] form .

Application is being made to Shropshire Steam Engine Society for space for a stand at their Show at Bishop 's Castle , to be held on the August Bank Holiday , 26/27 August 1990 .
[use] is being made to shropshire steam engine society for space for a stand at their show at bishop 's castle , to be held on the august bank holiday , 26/27 august 1990 .

The term 's application to this period originates in the Earl of Clarendon 's History of the Rebellion and Civil Wars in England produced by a Royalist during the Restoration to celebrate those who ‘ opposed and resisted that torrent ’ — rebellion being unqualifiedly equated with disorderly , uncontrolled catastrophe .
the term 's [use] to this period originates in the earl of clarendon 's history of the rebellion and civil wars in england produced by a royalist during the restoration to celebrate those who ‘ opposed and resisted that torrent ’ — rebellion being unqualifiedly equated with disorderly , uncontrolled catastrophe .

Montrose 's formulation is rhetorically neat but its application could be expected to produce results which are conflicting and disruptive .
montrose 's formulation is rhetorically neat but its [use] could be expected to produce results which are conflicting and disruptive .

The argument is clearest in its application to the theatre : recall Harsnett 's view that the theatre was a zone of pollution and licence , one capable of being managed by locating it in a designated place on the social periphery .
the argument is clearest in its [use] to the theatre : recall harsnett 's view that the theatre was a zone of pollution and licence , one capable of being managed by locating it in a designated place on the social periphery .

It could occur , however , that the visiting salesman gets the customer to complete an application or proposal form ( i.e .
it could occur , however , that the visiting salesman gets the customer to complete an [use] or proposal form ( i.e .

The Hon. Sec. and helpers were thanked for their efforts in getting the museum started , and application has been made for membership of the Association of Independent Museums .
the hon. sec. and helpers were thanked for their efforts in getting the museum started , and [use] has been made for membership of the association of independent museums .

He then sends an inspector to our museum and it is upon this inspector 's report that it is decided whether we are successful in our application .
he then sends an inspector to our museum and it is upon this inspector 's report that it is decided whether we are successful in our [use] .

The artifacts remain in the National Collection , but Mr Hopkin informed us that if successful with our application then we will retain them for ten- year periods .
the artifacts remain in the national collection , but mr hopkin informed us that if successful with our [use] then we will retain them for ten- year periods .

The source of supply in the sea might perhaps shown signs of exhaustion , and the fishermen might have to resort to more distant coasts and to deeper waters , Nature giving a diminishing return to the increased application of capital and labour of a given order of efficiency .
the source of supply in the sea might perhaps shown signs of exhaustion , and the fishermen might have to resort to more distant coasts and to deeper waters , nature giving a diminishing return to the increased [use] of capital and labour of a given order of efficiency .

Economic theory and particularly its practical application can only make significant progress if economists can exchange ideas and experience .
economic theory and particularly its practical [use] can only make significant progress if economists can exchange ideas and experience .

Multilevel modelling is a relatively recent technique which has found increasing application in the social sciences .
multilevel modelling is a relatively recent technique which has found increasing [use] in the social sciences .

There has been interest recently , and published work , in the application of time series methods to data arising from repeated sample surveys .
there has been interest recently , and published work , in the [use] of time series methods to data arising from repeated sample surveys .

This project concerns the application of such an approach to data from the British National Readership Survey .
this project concerns the [use] of such an approach to data from the british national readership survey .

Studies of fluent Braille and application to slow and retarded readers
studies of fluent braille and [use] to slow and retarded readers

As computing costs fall and equipment becomes easier to use , the application and influence of computers is likely to increase .
as computing costs fall and equipment becomes easier to use , the [use] and influence of computers is likely to increase .

If the nut is really tight , a metal bar can be used to increase the twisting force on the spanner , but there is a considerable risk of cracking ceramic basins by doing this ; try the gentle application of heat to loosen the nut first .
if the nut is really tight , a metal bar can be used to increase the twisting force on the spanner , but there is a considerable risk of cracking ceramic basins by doing this ; try the gentle [use] of heat to loosen the nut first .

If the resulting index is to be effective and efficient , the assignment of notation from a classification scheme or the application of subject headings from a recognized list involves skill and judgement .
if the resulting index is to be effective and efficient , the assignment of notation from a classification scheme or the [use] of subject headings from a recognized list involves skill and judgement .

In practice the application of recall and precision in the evaluation of indexes is hindered by the difficulty of evaluating some of the components in the definition .
in practice the [use] of recall and precision in the evaluation of indexes is hindered by the difficulty of evaluating some of the components in the definition .

Thus in index , catalogue or database design , the indexer must choose an appropriate blend of recall and precision for each individual application .
thus in index , catalogue or database design , the indexer must choose an appropriate blend of recall and precision for each individual [use] .

Most such new schemes will not be general , but rather special classification schemes designed for a particular application or subject .
most such new schemes will not be general , but rather special classification schemes designed for a particular [use] or subject .

The application of such a scheme to a set of documents should result in the ordering or arranging of that set of documents into groups or classes according to their subject content .
the [use] of such a scheme to a set of documents should result in the ordering or arranging of that set of documents into groups or classes according to their subject content .

In a special scheme it is sufficient to identify the main subjects of the application to be covered .
in a special scheme it is sufficient to identify the main subjects of the [use] to be covered .

In various guises , the basic concepts have found application in the design of a number of special classification schemes and have influenced the revision of major bibliographic schemes .
in various guises , the basic concepts have found [use] in the design of a number of special classification schemes and have influenced the revision of major bibliographic schemes .

Once constructed , the application of the classification schemes involves synthesis or the drawing together of the single concepts which are listed in the scheme from their different facets in order to specify compound subjects .
once constructed , the [use] of the classification schemes involves synthesis or the drawing together of the single concepts which are listed in the scheme from their different facets in order to specify compound subjects .

In order to demonstrate further how a faceted classification scheme is constructed , it is necessary to identify the various stages in building such a scheme and then to illustrate these points by application to a specific subject area .
in order to demonstrate further how a faceted classification scheme is constructed , it is necessary to identify the various stages in building such a scheme and then to illustrate these points by [use] to a specific subject area .

In the interests of ease of application , the schedule order of facets is usually the combination order of the facets defined in stage 3 above , or in some cases the reverse of the combination order .
in the interests of ease of [use] , the schedule order of facets is usually the combination order of the facets defined in stage 3 above , or in some cases the reverse of the combination order .

This section examines the application of the principles of facet analysis to the design of a simple classification scheme for documents on literature .
this section examines the [use] of the principles of facet analysis to the design of a simple classification scheme for documents on literature .

The concepts associated with the application of facets in the theory of library classification and associated citation orders were first tested extensively by Ranganathan in the Colon Classification ( see 14.5 ) .
the concepts associated with the [use] of facets in the theory of library classification and associated citation orders were first tested extensively by ranganathan in the colon classification ( see 14.5 ) .

Nevertheless , whatever the basis for the major enumerative schemes , they must be judged for their suitability for application in current libraries and information centres .
nevertheless , whatever the basis for the major enumerative schemes , they must be judged for their suitability for [use] in current libraries and information centres .

Thus whilst the main schedules may give a number for ‘ Cats ’ , by the application of Table 1 it is possible to distinguish between a document which is an encyclopaedia concerned with cats , and a document on societies concerned with cats .
thus whilst the main schedules may give a number for ‘ cats ’ , by the [use] of table 1 it is possible to distinguish between a document which is an encyclopaedia concerned with cats , and a document on societies concerned with cats .

In either application , the device is intended to provide a means of systematically ordering the subdivisions of a given number .
in either [use] , the device is intended to provide a means of systematically ordering the subdivisions of a given number .

The extent of application of the synthetic devices will vary from one library to another .
the extent of [use] of the synthetic devices will vary from one library to another .

In actual application special libraries will often use the abridged edition as a general scheme to cover all subjects in their collection , together with the full edition for their particular subject speciality .
in actual [use] special libraries will often use the abridged edition as a general scheme to cover all subjects in their collection , together with the full edition for their particular subject speciality .

The details in each class are developed with strict application of analytico-synthetic principles .
the details in each class are developed with strict [use] of analytico-synthetic principles .

Special classification schemes are generally devised for an application for which no major general scheme is suitable . Typical problems which arise with major schemes are that :
special classification schemes are generally devised for an [use] for which no major general scheme is suitable . typical problems which arise with major schemes are that :

they do not cater for the specialist viewpoints of any given application , since alternative approaches are not normally provided ;
they do not cater for the specialist viewpoints of any given [use] , since alternative approaches are not normally provided ;

limited opportunity is usually available for cooperation in application of classification or in its compilation and revision ; and
limited opportunity is usually available for cooperation in [use] of classification or in its compilation and revision ; and

On the other hand , they differ in their area of application and to some extent in the way in which they seek to fulfil these two basic functions .
on the other hand , they differ in their area of [use] and to some extent in the way in which they seek to fulfil these two basic functions .

As in any alphabetical indexing language , it is important that the language reflects the current requirements of the user and the literature ; thus it is fairly common to have to modify a standard list or compile a fresh list when a new application is envisaged .
as in any alphabetical indexing language , it is important that the language reflects the current requirements of the user and the literature ; thus it is fairly common to have to modify a standard list or compile a fresh list when a new [use] is envisaged .

Uniformity and consistency in application of subject headings is important .
uniformity and consistency in [use] of subject headings is important .

The heading may have a scope note to indicate the application or meaning of the heading , for example ,
the heading may have a scope note to indicate the [use] or meaning of the heading , for example ,

Some of the form and topical subdivisions are for general application and are known as free-floating .
some of the form and topical subdivisions are for general [use] and are known as free-floating .

Nevertheless , the fact that these general lists can not serve for every application has triggered a search for more consistent approaches to constructing headings , together with the development of special lists of subject headings and thesauri .
nevertheless , the fact that these general lists can not serve for every [use] has triggered a search for more consistent approaches to constructing headings , together with the development of special lists of subject headings and thesauri .

All alphabetical indexing languages must be tailored to the application for which they are intended .
all alphabetical indexing languages must be tailored to the [use] for which they are intended .

There are two types of resources : those available and necessary for initial design , and those required for the development and application of the indexing language .
there are two types of resources : those available and necessary for initial design , and those required for the development and [use] of the indexing language .

Specificity of the language must be settled at a level suitable for application .
specificity of the language must be settled at a level suitable for [use] .

‘ The wind of change ’ , that phrase coined by Harold Macmillan in 1960 , grew to have amore general application than just to Africa , or just to politics .
‘ the wind of change ’ , that phrase coined by harold macmillan in 1960 , grew to have amore general [use] than just to africa , or just to politics .

Her face was scoured of street make-up , prior to the application of her stage make-up .
her face was scoured of street make-up , prior to the [use] of her stage make-up .

It is clear that any empirical application , developing along the lines described in Lecture 6 , should take account of the input-output structure , and the nature of firm behaviour at different stages of production .
it is clear that any empirical [use] , developing along the lines described in lecture 6 , should take account of the input-output structure , and the nature of firm behaviour at different stages of production .

The application of this model to the question of incidence is discussed in Section 8–3 .
the [use] of this model to the question of incidence is discussed in section 8–3 .

( This is an application at the economy level of the Modigliani-Miller theorem , discussed in Lecture 5 . )
( this is an [use] at the economy level of the modigliani-miller theorem , discussed in lecture 5 . )

He was a freelance commercial artist , and a painter of potential but too little application .
he was a freelance commercial artist , and a painter of potential but too little [use] .

Whereas the need to ensure a real opening up of the market and a fair balance in the application of these measures requires the introduction of harmonised criteria and procedures for the construction and operation of generating installations .
whereas the need to ensure a real opening up of the market and a fair balance in the [use] of these measures requires the introduction of harmonised criteria and procedures for the construction and operation of generating installations .

These applications were vetoed at the time by de Gaulle and his allies , and this veto was upheld in 1967 at the time of their second application .
these applications were vetoed at the time by de gaulle and his allies , and this veto was upheld in 1967 at the time of their second [use] .

In May 1992 , it declared that it would veto the application of any other state unless the ‘ democratic deficit ’ was filled and political union strengthened .
in may 1992 , it declared that it would veto the [use] of any other state unless the ‘ democratic deficit ’ was filled and political union strengthened .

The Swiss Government has also submitted its application for membership , but has not yet received the assent in the referendum which it requires for this application to go forward formally .
the swiss government has also submitted its [use] for membership , but has not yet received the assent in the referendum which it requires for this [use] to go forward formally .

Its rigorous application of the acquis communautaire and the finalité politique to new members will in all probability lead to a Europe too full of contradictions to survive as a unitary bloc .
its rigorous [use] of the acquis communautaire and the finalité politique to new members will in all probability lead to a europe too full of contradictions to survive as a unitary bloc .

These are not meant to be comprehensive surveys of the literature , but are simply designed to illustrate the application of rational expectations to specific areas .
these are not meant to be comprehensive surveys of the literature , but are simply designed to illustrate the [use] of rational expectations to specific areas .

Later we devote a full chapter to the application of rational expectations to the theory and estimation of the aggregate consumption function .
later we devote a full chapter to the [use] of rational expectations to the theory and estimation of the aggregate consumption function .

The application of these tests may increase the probability of rejecting the null hypothesis when it is in fact true .
the [use] of these tests may increase the probability of rejecting the null hypothesis when it is in fact true .

The initial aim of this application was to show that in a model in which agents were fully rational , even to the extent of having rational expectations , movements in nominal spending could still affect aggregate real output or employment .
the initial aim of this [use] was to show that in a model in which agents were fully rational , even to the extent of having rational expectations , movements in nominal spending could still affect aggregate real output or employment .

The original application of rational expectations to this type of sticky price model was by Fischer ( 1977 ) , Phelps and Taylor ( 1977 ) and later by Taylor ( 1979 ) .
the original [use] of rational expectations to this type of sticky price model was by fischer ( 1977 ) , phelps and taylor ( 1977 ) and later by taylor ( 1979 ) .

Much of the work reported so far with this technique involves organic samples , but the application to inorganic species should be a useful addition to other sources of information .
much of the work reported so far with this technique involves organic samples , but the [use] to inorganic species should be a useful addition to other sources of information .

Another possible application is to the field of entry deterrence .
another possible [use] is to the field of entry deterrence .

Statistical analysis is aided by means of a simple transformation of size from a metric scale to a logarithmic one which enables application of both graphic and moment statistical techniques .
statistical analysis is aided by means of a simple transformation of size from a metric scale to a logarithmic one which enables [use] of both graphic and moment statistical techniques .

Following the application of correction factors to permit comparison of intermediate diameters from both sieving and settling techniques Komar & cui ( 1984 ) demonstrated extremely close similarity between the results from the two forms of analysis applied to sediments from a wide range of depositional environments .
following the [use] of correction factors to permit comparison of intermediate diameters from both sieving and settling techniques komar & cui ( 1984 ) demonstrated extremely close similarity between the results from the two forms of analysis applied to sediments from a wide range of depositional environments .

Whereas in mechanics the moment is calculated as the product of a force and the distance of its application from a fulcrum , in statistics the moment is computed from the product of the weight percentage in a given size class and the number of class grades from the origin of the curve .
whereas in mechanics the moment is calculated as the product of a force and the distance of its [use] from a fulcrum , in statistics the moment is computed from the product of the weight percentage in a given size class and the number of class grades from the origin of the curve .

Distribution of the ‘ pan residue ’ fraction from sieving among a specified number of phi classes ‘ to permit application of moment methods ’ is not good practise and may lead to misleading , if not meaningless , results being obtained .
distribution of the ‘ pan residue ’ fraction from sieving among a specified number of phi classes ‘ to permit [use] of moment methods ’ is not good practise and may lead to misleading , if not meaningless , results being obtained .

Stubborn deposits may require application of organic solvents such as acetone or petroleum ether , but as these have harmful effects on skin and may also dissolve or harden the window sealing gaskets , they should only be used as a last resort .
stubborn deposits may require [use] of organic solvents such as acetone or petroleum ether , but as these have harmful effects on skin and may also dissolve or harden the window sealing gaskets , they should only be used as a last resort .

‘ Stylistics ’ thus becomes an essentially comparative study of the patterns of preference shown by the writer in his selection from the linguistic resources available to him , a question of the relative frequencies of choice which distinguish the language of his text from that of others ; it is an ‘ application rather than an extension of linguistics ’ ( p.217 ) .
‘ stylistics ’ thus becomes an essentially comparative study of the patterns of preference shown by the writer in his selection from the linguistic resources available to him , a question of the relative frequencies of choice which distinguish the language of his text from that of others ; it is an ‘ [use] rather than an extension of linguistics ’ ( p.217 ) .

So that for the structuralists literature becomes ‘ a kind of extension and application of certain properties of language ’ ( Todorov 1977 : 19 ) .
so that for the structuralists literature becomes ‘ a kind of extension and [use] of certain properties of language ’ ( todorov 1977 : 19 ) .

The real originality of the structuralist application of Saussure to literary studies is not in the analysis of particular works , but in its elaboration of poetics as a general science of literature .
the real originality of the structuralist [use] of saussure to literary studies is not in the analysis of particular works , but in its elaboration of poetics as a general science of literature .

The detailed application of these categories to actual instances of narrative is , on the whole , tedious and not particularly illuminating .
the detailed [use] of these categories to actual instances of narrative is , on the whole , tedious and not particularly illuminating .

His particular application of Benveniste 's terms is actually rather bizarre and unproductive .
his particular [use] of benveniste 's terms is actually rather bizarre and unproductive .

Todorov 's Grammaire du Décaméron is the least successful ( and perhaps the least interesting ) because his topic ( the events of narrative ) remains too narrow , and the application of linguistics too literal .
todorov 's grammaire du décaméron is the least successful ( and perhaps the least interesting ) because his topic ( the events of narrative ) remains too narrow , and the [use] of linguistics too literal .

Nevertheless , he goes on to justify his pursuit of the contradiction by claiming that the instruments provided by literary theory may be refined and transformed through their application to particular texts .
nevertheless , he goes on to justify his pursuit of the contradiction by claiming that the instruments provided by literary theory may be refined and transformed through their [use] to particular texts .

What all this shows is that a distinctively structuralist kind of criticism is possible , and moreover , that it is more than the simple application and refinement of the tools of poetics .
what all this shows is that a distinctively structuralist kind of criticism is possible , and moreover , that it is more than the simple [use] and refinement of the tools of poetics .

The last type comes under the cal umbrella , but it should be clear which application in the lists below apply to which of the others .
the last type comes under the cal umbrella , but it should be clear which [use] in the lists below apply to which of the others .

It is settled law that a wife , despite such a clause as clause 3 , can make application to the magistrates or to the High Court for maintenance .
it is settled law that a wife , despite such a clause as clause 3 , can make [use] to the magistrates or to the high court for maintenance .

If this wife made such an application the husband could set up the fact of desertion as an answer to the claim , but he could not set up clause 3 as a bar to the proceedings .
if this wife made such an [use] the husband could set up the fact of desertion as an answer to the claim , but he could not set up clause 3 as a bar to the proceedings .

The scope of a similar provision of the Maintenance Agreements Act 1957 , has been the object of controversy . It has been suggested ( 78 Law Notes 177 ) that it validates agreements for maintenance even if there is no other consideration for such agreement than the abstention from application to the court ; the words ,
the scope of a similar provision of the maintenance agreements act 1957 , has been the object of controversy . it has been suggested ( 78 law notes 177 ) that it validates agreements for maintenance even if there is no other consideration for such agreement than the abstention from [use] to the court ; the words ,

He was setting it up by way of defence to her application for leave to proceed on the judgment .
he was setting it up by way of defence to her [use] for leave to proceed on the judgment .

Commonalities across these different areas are identified and used to inform and direct an application of Grid Technique to the examination of individual responses to art .
commonalities across these different areas are identified and used to inform and direct an [use] of grid technique to the examination of individual responses to art .

The emergence of Gestalt ‘ wholes ’ ( Bruce and Green , 1985 ) or the application of Gestalt principles , as in David Marr 's work on computer vision ( Marr , 1982 ) , illustrate the kinds of matchings of similar elements which , although operating at a level of pre-awareness , nevertheless result in a conscious recognition of an image 's identity .
the emergence of gestalt ‘ wholes ’ ( bruce and green , 1985 ) or the [use] of gestalt principles , as in david marr 's work on computer vision ( marr , 1982 ) , illustrate the kinds of matchings of similar elements which , although operating at a level of pre-awareness , nevertheless result in a conscious recognition of an image 's identity .

Here the principle of similarity and difference operates in a similar manner to its application in the intrinsic aesthetic .
here the principle of similarity and difference operates in a similar manner to its [use] in the intrinsic aesthetic .

Similarity to past experience will assist in the identification of a work 's style , and this in turn will have a knock-on effect upon the application of appropriate constructs .
similarity to past experience will assist in the identification of a work 's style , and this in turn will have a knock-on effect upon the [use] of appropriate constructs .

Whatever man perceives or conceives he ‘ grasps ’ by application of a construct system … [ He can ] ‘ take in ’ only what his construct system is capable of handling .
whatever man perceives or conceives he ‘ grasps ’ by [use] of a construct system … [ he can ] ‘ take in ’ only what his construct system is capable of handling .

Indeed the theory raises many problems , both in itself and in its application , not least of which is the verbally mediated nature of its operation .
indeed the theory raises many problems , both in itself and in its [use] , not least of which is the verbally mediated nature of its operation .

Recent developments in the computer program used for analysing grids lends greater credibility to the wider application of Repertory Grid Techniques as a personalized learning system .
recent developments in the computer program used for analysing grids lends greater credibility to the wider [use] of repertory grid techniques as a personalized learning system .

Many of the theories and models proposed can be shown to have application to observable patterns of settlement on the ground .
many of the theories and models proposed can be shown to have [use] to observable patterns of settlement on the ground .

Towns like Sherwood , Arnold and Beeston , have to a certain extent been absorbed by the City and this is visible in the application of the model .
towns like sherwood , arnold and beeston , have to a certain extent been absorbed by the city and this is visible in the [use] of the model .

The following is the background information in support of our application for assistance from the Scottish Sports Council .
the following is the background information in support of our [use] for assistance from the scottish sports council .

Planning Application 0747/93
planning [use] 0747/93

With reference to the application to erect 2 retail units at the Bus Depot , Whitburn Road , Bathgate , we would be grateful if the development could include racks for cycle parking .
with reference to the [use] to erect 2 retail units at the bus depot , whitburn road , bathgate , we would be grateful if the development could include racks for cycle parking .

Planning Application 02/91/0628
planning [use] 02/91/0628

The above planning application has been passed round Nether Wyresdale Parish Council excluding Councillor Collinson who declared an interest . While the councillors felt it appropriate that the Church Hall should be put to some use they objected to the proposal for a function room and made the following points :
the above planning [use] has been passed round nether wyresdale parish council excluding councillor collinson who declared an interest . while the councillors felt it appropriate that the church hall should be put to some use they objected to the proposal for a function room and made the following points :

Planning Application No 02/91/0992 New Entrance Gates , Burnside , Snow Hill , Scorton
planning [use] no 02/91/0992 new entrance gates , burnside , snow hill , scorton

The above planning application has been passed round the Parish Council for comments and the majority of councillors are opposed to this development .
the above planning [use] has been passed round the parish council for comments and the majority of councillors are opposed to this development .

Planning Application 02/91/1298 Renewal of Temporary Permission for Caraven Land adjacent to Brooklands Trough Road
planning [use] 02/91/1298 renewal of temporary permission for caraven land adjacent to brooklands trough road

The above planning application had been circulated for comment to the members of Nether Wyresdale Parish Council .
the above planning [use] had been circulated for comment to the members of nether wyresdale parish council .

Application Ref 02/91/0055 — Extension with Roof Lift Hill Crest Six Arches Lane , Scorton
[use] ref 02/91/0055 — extension with roof lift hill crest six arches lane , scorton

Application 02/91/1361 Extension Ashcroft ,
[use] 02/91/1361 extension ashcroft ,

The above planning application has been passed round the Parish Councillors for comment .
the above planning [use] has been passed round the parish councillors for comment .

There are no objections to this application , though an alternative to the flat roof would have been preferred by some of the councillors .
there are no objections to this [use] , though an alternative to the flat roof would have been preferred by some of the councillors .

Lancashire County Council have notified Nether Wyresdale Parish Council of the rejection of your application to have the footpath from Snow Hill to Long Lane Scorton declared a public right of way ( Claim No 804/126 ) .
lancashire county council have notified nether wyresdale parish council of the rejection of your [use] to have the footpath from snow hill to long lane scorton declared a public right of way ( claim no 804/126 ) .

Planning Application 02/91/1574 Use of Church Hall as Function Room for Restaurant
planning [use] 02/91/1574 use of church hall as function room for restaurant

The above planning application has been passed round the parish councillors ( excluding the applicant , Councillor Collinson ) for comments .
the above planning [use] has been passed round the parish councillors ( excluding the applicant , councillor collinson ) for comments .

There was unanimous agreement that this application should be refused . The following points were made :
there was unanimous agreement that this [use] should be refused . the following points were made :

This application repeats part of application 02/91/0628 which was refused by Wyre Borough Council .
this [use] repeats part of [use] 02/91/0628 which was refused by wyre borough council .

The reasons for refusal as set out in Wyre Borough Council Minutes dated 14/11/91 page 65 are equally applicable to the present application .
the reasons for refusal as set out in wyre borough council minutes dated 14/11/91 page 65 are equally applicable to the present [use] .

Most of the comments contained in my letter of 25 May 1991 on the previous application still apply .
most of the comments contained in my letter of 25 may 1991 on the previous [use] still apply .

The response to question 19 says that staff cars will be able to park at the rear of the post office and thus free parking spaces for visitors to the function room . This was questioned by members of the parish council ; if the area behind the post office is to be used for staff parking , should not a separate planning application to this effect be made ?
the response to question 19 says that staff cars will be able to park at the rear of the post office and thus free parking spaces for visitors to the function room . this was questioned by members of the parish council ; if the area behind the post office is to be used for staff parking , should not a separate planning [use] to this effect be made ?

As you will be aware the area to the rear of the post office was part of a previous application ( 02/86/0554 ) for use as a car park .
as you will be aware the area to the rear of the post office was part of a previous [use] ( 02/86/0554 ) for use as a car park .

Application 02/91/0180 for a residential development on this land was made by the Land and Properties Sub-Committee , and turned down by the Planning Committee on 4th April 1991 .
[use] 02/91/0180 for a residential development on this land was made by the land and properties sub-committee , and turned down by the planning committee on 4th april 1991 .

Application 02/92/0065
[use] 02/92/0065

The above-numbered planning application has been passed round Nether Wyresdale Parish Council for comments .
the above-numbered planning [use] has been passed round nether wyresdale parish council for comments .

Planning Application 02/92/0124 Agricultural Worker 's Dwelling — Land Rear of Bryn Mor Long Lane , Scorton
planning [use] 02/92/0124 agricultural worker 's dwelling — land rear of bryn mor long lane , scorton

The above planning application has been passed round the Parish Council for comments .
the above planning [use] has been passed round the parish council for comments .

The application is virtually identical to application 02/91/1443 which was refused .
the [use] is virtually identical to [use] 02/91/1443 which was refused .

It was felt that the application does not fall within the Structure Plan and to allow it would create a precedent and make other similar applications difficult to refuse .
it was felt that the [use] does not fall within the structure plan and to allow it would create a precedent and make other similar applications difficult to refuse .

Planning Application 02/92/0237
planning [use] 02/92/0237

Thank you for sending a copy of the above planning application .
thank you for sending a copy of the above planning [use] .

Planning Application No 02/92/0233
planning [use] no 02/92/0233

Thank you for sending a copy of the above planning application .
thank you for sending a copy of the above planning [use] .

Planning Application 02/92/0377 Residential Caravan land at Bryn Mor Long Lane Scorton
planning [use] 02/92/0377 residential caravan land at bryn mor long lane scorton

The above application has been passed round Nether Wyresdale Parish Council for comments .
the above [use] has been passed round nether wyresdale parish council for comments .

The majority of the Parish Council felt that their comments on applications 02/91/1443 and 02/92/0124 ( for an agricultural worker 's dwelling on the same site ) still apply to the present application .
the majority of the parish council felt that their comments on applications 02/91/1443 and 02/92/0124 ( for an agricultural worker 's dwelling on the same site ) still apply to the present [use] .

The points made then were that the application is contrary to the stated policy of the local planning authority where new dwellings in the countryside have to be justified by agricultural need .
the points made then were that the [use] is contrary to the stated policy of the local planning authority where new dwellings in the countryside have to be justified by agricultural need .

The application does not fall within the Structure Plan for the area and to allow it would create a precedent .
the [use] does not fall within the structure plan for the area and to allow it would create a precedent .

Planning Application 02/92/0580 Erection of Electrical Substation
planning [use] 02/92/0580 erection of electrical substation

Thank you for sending the Parish Council a copy of the above planning application .
thank you for sending the parish council a copy of the above planning [use] .

The Parish Council are of the opinion the satellite dish requires planning approval and it appears that no application has been made .
the parish council are of the opinion the satellite dish requires planning approval and it appears that no [use] has been made .

Planning Application 02/92/0948
planning [use] 02/92/0948

Thank you for sending a copy of the above planning application to Nether Wyresdale Parish Council .
thank you for sending a copy of the above planning [use] to nether wyresdale parish council .

Planning Application 02/92/0233
planning [use] 02/92/0233

Thank you for your letter giving further information about this application .
thank you for your letter giving further information about this [use] .

Planning Application 02/92/1435 Erection of 20 Metre High Mast and 2 Microwave Dishes East of Higher Lane , Scorton
planning [use] 02/92/1435 erection of 20 metre high mast and 2 microwave dishes east of higher lane , scorton

Thank you for sending the Parish Council a copy of the above planning application . The following points were made by members of the Parish Council :
thank you for sending the parish council a copy of the above planning [use] . the following points were made by members of the parish council :

On a nearby site there are several masts which have increased in number over the years and if this application is granted it could create a precedent and make other future applications difficult to refuse .
on a nearby site there are several masts which have increased in number over the years and if this [use] is granted it could create a precedent and make other future applications difficult to refuse .

The Parish council would , therefore , strongly urge your committee to refuse this application .
the parish council would , therefore , strongly urge your committee to refuse this [use] .

Application 02/89/1301 Dairy Yard Development , Scorton
[use] 02/89/1301 dairy yard development , scorton

Please could you let me know i ) if the council has set any time limit on these protracted negotiations and if so what it is and ii ) when planning consent is given will it apply from the date the original application was approved or the date the conditions were approved .
please could you let me know i ) if the council has set any time limit on these protracted negotiations and if so what it is and ii ) when planning consent is given will it apply from the date the original [use] was approved or the date the conditions were approved .

Planning Application 02/92/1629 Land South of Ashcroft Gubberford Lane
planning [use] 02/92/1629 land south of ashcroft gubberford lane

Thank you for the copy of the above planning application which has been discussed by Nether Wyresdale Parish Council .
thank you for the copy of the above planning [use] which has been discussed by nether wyresdale parish council .

They had no objections to application 02/90/1065 for a bungalow which was in keeping with the character of the surrounding area , but the present application for a large house with brick walls and a concrete tile roof is totally out of place and would dominate the adjacent properties to an unacceptable degree .
they had no objections to [use] 02/90/1065 for a bungalow which was in keeping with the character of the surrounding area , but the present [use] for a large house with brick walls and a concrete tile roof is totally out of place and would dominate the adjacent properties to an unacceptable degree .

Planning Application 02/89/1301
planning [use] 02/89/1301

Please will you send me a copy of the decision notice relating to the approval of planning application 02/89/1301 — land between Station Lane and Trough Road , Scorton , together with full details of any conditions imposed on this development and the Section 106 Agreement relating to it .
please will you send me a copy of the decision notice relating to the approval of planning [use] 02/89/1301 — land between station lane and trough road , scorton , together with full details of any conditions imposed on this development and the section 106 agreement relating to it .

Planning Application 02/92/1805
planning [use] 02/92/1805

Thank you for sending Nether Wyresdale Parish Council a copy of the above-numbered planning application for erection of a detached house on land east of The Lodge , Scorton Hall Park , Scorton .
thank you for sending nether wyresdale parish council a copy of the above-numbered planning [use] for erection of a detached house on land east of the lodge , scorton hall park , scorton .

Application for Entertainment Licence — Priory Restaurant , Scorton
[use] for entertainment licence — priory restaurant , scorton

Scorton does have a playing field , but this is administered by the Parish Council and no application has been made to use it for a finishing point .
scorton does have a playing field , but this is administered by the parish council and no [use] has been made to use it for a finishing point .

Application for Entertainments Licence — Priory Restaurant Scorton
[use] for entertainments licence — priory restaurant scorton

Nether Wyresdale Parish Council discussed the above application at their recent meeting .
nether wyresdale parish council discussed the above [use] at their recent meeting .

The application , if granted , would appear to allow entertainments involving music , singing and dancing to take place until a late hour every night of the week , every day of the year .
the [use] , if granted , would appear to allow entertainments involving music , singing and dancing to take place until a late hour every night of the week , every day of the year .

This application , if granted , would effectively destroy the ‘ comparative peace and quiet which the residents of Scorton now enjoy after the daytime visitors have left ’ .
this [use] , if granted , would effectively destroy the ‘ comparative peace and quiet which the residents of scorton now enjoy after the daytime visitors have left ’ .

Application for Entertainments Licence
[use] for entertainments licence

At their recent meeting Nether Wyresdale Parish Council discussed the application for an entertainments licence by the Priory Restaurant .
at their recent meeting nether wyresdale parish council discussed the [use] for an entertainments licence by the priory restaurant .

Application 02/93/0378 Extension Slean End Farm
[use] 02/93/0378 extension slean end farm

Thank you sending the Nether Wyresdale Parish Council a copy of the above application .
thank you sending the nether wyresdale parish council a copy of the above [use] .

( The meeting tonight is an extra one to disucss the Priory 's application for an Entertainments Licence for their function room . )
( the meeting tonight is an extra one to disucss the priory 's [use] for an entertainments licence for their function room . )

Application for a Justices ' On Licence The Priory Scorton
[use] for a justices ' on licence the priory scorton

Planning Application 02/93/0526 Listed Building Consent Re-roof Inglenook Cottage Station Lane , Scorton
planning [use] 02/93/0526 listed building consent re-roof inglenook cottage station lane , scorton

Thank you for the copy of the above planning application .
thank you for the copy of the above planning [use] .

Nether Wyresdale Parish Council have asked me to let you know they have no objections to this application .
nether wyresdale parish council have asked me to let you know they have no objections to this [use] .

Planning Application 02/93/0597 Extension Rushton Barn , Higher Lane , Scorton
planning [use] 02/93/0597 extension rushton barn , higher lane , scorton

Thank you for the copy of the above planning application .
thank you for the copy of the above planning [use] .

Nether Wyresdale Parish Council have asked me to let you know they have no objections to this application .
nether wyresdale parish council have asked me to let you know they have no objections to this [use] .

The underlying assumption has been that bureaucracy is desirable as an organizational principle because it attempts to clarify authority and accountability while depersonalising their application .
the underlying assumption has been that bureaucracy is desirable as an organizational principle because it attempts to clarify authority and accountability while depersonalising their [use] .

The application of new technologies will not take the form of a constant challenge .
the [use] of new technologies will not take the form of a constant challenge .

Although the New Movement faded in its significance , because it ignored parts of the practical experience of educational management which practitioners themselves regarded as important , what was left was still a recognition that education management is a field of application which allows fruitful connections to be made between theory and practice .
although the new movement faded in its significance , because it ignored parts of the practical experience of educational management which practitioners themselves regarded as important , what was left was still a recognition that education management is a field of [use] which allows fruitful connections to be made between theory and practice .

One application of the theory of the contingency approach ( Hughes et al .
one [use] of the theory of the contingency approach ( hughes et al .

On the first day of the launch Manchester branch received the first Home Purchaser with a Bolt-on Critical Illness application from a Bolton Agent , on his own life .
on the first day of the launch manchester branch received the first home purchaser with a bolt-on critical illness [use] from a bolton agent , on his own life .

It was the wholesale application to civilian society of the one-way chain of command learned from the military milieu into which Franco was born .
it was the wholesale [use] to civilian society of the one-way chain of command learned from the military milieu into which franco was born .

To this end , much work has been done in the Sub-Committee in considering our relationship with other parties ( responsibility/claims/co-ordinated approach ) , the funding criteria and their application in Scotland and , finally , formulating a Draft Strategy for Development Education in Scotland .
to this end , much work has been done in the sub-committee in considering our relationship with other parties ( responsibility/claims/co-ordinated approach ) , the funding criteria and their [use] in scotland and , finally , formulating a draft strategy for development education in scotland .

the transfer of data from one application to another .
the transfer of data from one [use] to another .

4.3 Differentiation of degrees of difficulty is characterised by the growth from dependence to independence or autonomy , from application of well-rehearsed routines to coping with unusual situations , gaining increasing confidence in assuming leadership roles , developing self-awareness , including the ability to identify personal strengths and weaknesses and developing a range of interpersonal skills and the contexts within which they are displayed .
4.3 differentiation of degrees of difficulty is characterised by the growth from dependence to independence or autonomy , from [use] of well-rehearsed routines to coping with unusual situations , gaining increasing confidence in assuming leadership roles , developing self-awareness , including the ability to identify personal strengths and weaknesses and developing a range of interpersonal skills and the contexts within which they are displayed .

The student should complete a project which requires the application of mathematical knowledge and skills
the student should complete a project which requires the [use] of mathematical knowledge and skills

This module enables the student to acquire a knowledge of contractual principles and their application .
this module enables the student to acquire a knowledge of contractual principles and their [use] .

Progression through the Generic Sciences modules will involve the development of analytical and evaluative skills and awareness of the wider application of scientific principles .
progression through the generic sciences modules will involve the development of analytical and evaluative skills and awareness of the wider [use] of scientific principles .

Selection of a suitable topic for investigation out of a set of possibilities can be made through the application of a number of criteria which can act as a useful screen for filtering out unsuitable topics .
selection of a suitable topic for investigation out of a set of possibilities can be made through the [use] of a number of criteria which can act as a useful screen for filtering out unsuitable topics .

Although British employers do not use medical screening to the same extent , disability discrimination law must regulate such screening in application forms , medical questionnaires and examinations , and interview questions .
although british employers do not use medical screening to the same extent , disability discrimination law must regulate such screening in [use] forms , medical questionnaires and examinations , and interview questions .

Application forms and pre-employment questionnaires frequently solicit the medical history of applicants and may be used to reach employment decisions which disadvantage persons with disabilities .
[use] forms and pre-employment questionnaires frequently solicit the medical history of applicants and may be used to reach employment decisions which disadvantage persons with disabilities .

On receipt of an application the Commissioner and her team will decide if the application is of a type that can be assisted and if so whether , on the merits of the case , assistance should be granted .
on receipt of an [use] the commissioner and her team will decide if the [use] is of a type that can be assisted and if so whether , on the merits of the case , assistance should be granted .

Similarly , a new method or process of manufacture which does not lend itself to detailed analysis by competitors will probably remain immune from imitation by rivals precisely because the employer has avoided the mandatory public disclosure involved in proceeding with a patent application .
similarly , a new method or process of manufacture which does not lend itself to detailed analysis by competitors will probably remain immune from imitation by rivals precisely because the employer has avoided the mandatory public disclosure involved in proceeding with a patent [use] .

Sometimes a patent application is made largely to prevent others imitating the underlying idea while the patentee seeks to develop or refine the invention into something which is marketable .
sometimes a patent [use] is made largely to prevent others imitating the underlying idea while the patentee seeks to develop or refine the invention into something which is marketable .

In particular , can the benefit the employer derives from the invention be confined to the refinements made to a product or process after the patent application was filed ?
in particular , can the benefit the employer derives from the invention be confined to the refinements made to a product or process after the patent [use] was filed ?

The employer contended that the benefit derived from the employee 's invention of a new valve , for use in steel-making , should not be linked to the patented article itself but rather to the extensive development work expended on it by him after the application had been filed with the Patent Office .
the employer contended that the benefit derived from the employee 's invention of a new valve , for use in steel-making , should not be linked to the patented article itself but rather to the extensive development work expended on it by him after the [use] had been filed with the patent office .

The hearing officer dismissed this argument which a fortiori would have meant that the ‘ greater the departure an employee 's invention represented relative to conventional technology , the less would be his chance of succeeding in his application under section 40 ( 1 ) , since such an invention would be likely to require a greater degree of development work to put it into practice .
the hearing officer dismissed this argument which a fortiori would have meant that the ‘ greater the departure an employee 's invention represented relative to conventional technology , the less would be his chance of succeeding in his [use] under section 40 ( 1 ) , since such an invention would be likely to require a greater degree of development work to put it into practice .

This view was in large measure instantiated by the employer 's claim in an application for the Queen 's Award for Technology that use of the new valve ensured a ‘ startling 1 % improvement in scrapping rate which could equate to [ a ] saving of £0.5 million per annum ’ .
this view was in large measure instantiated by the employer 's claim in an [use] for the queen 's award for technology that use of the new valve ensured a ‘ startling 1 % improvement in scrapping rate which could equate to [ a ] saving of £0.5 million per annum ’ .

First , the benefit attributable to the patent must be shown to be current at the time of the employee 's application ; the prospect of future benefits such as royalty payments from foreign sub-licensees is only relevant to the quantum of compensation awarded should outstanding benefit be proved .
first , the benefit attributable to the patent must be shown to be current at the time of the employee 's [use] ; the prospect of future benefits such as royalty payments from foreign sub-licensees is only relevant to the quantum of compensation awarded should outstanding benefit be proved .

There is no rule of law that the mere fact of consulting a solicitor renders it then and thereafter reasonably practicable to present an originating application in time .
there is no rule of law that the mere fact of consulting a solicitor renders it then and thereafter reasonably practicable to present an originating [use] in time .

The law in this area is highly complex and its application to specific situations requires careful consideration .
the law in this area is highly complex and its [use] to specific situations requires careful consideration .

Engineers should therefore seek appropriate professional advice at an early stage if they have doubts about the application of the law or regulations in a particular situation .
engineers should therefore seek appropriate professional advice at an early stage if they have doubts about the [use] of the law or regulations in a particular situation .

application of ergonomic principles to the design of man–machine interfaces
[use] of ergonomic principles to the design of man–machine interfaces

However , if a system is such that an error in the software alone could cause a fault , then care must be taken to ensure that the software is to the standard required by the application .
however , if a system is such that an error in the software alone could cause a fault , then care must be taken to ensure that the software is to the standard required by the [use] .

The Council may provide for the appointment of an ethics committee to administer , and give guidance on , the application of the Rules of Conduct and Codes of Practice and the provisions of Bye–Laws 26 to 28 ( inclusive ) shall apply to such committee .
the council may provide for the appointment of an ethics committee to administer , and give guidance on , the [use] of the rules of conduct and codes of practice and the provisions of bye–laws 26 to 28 ( inclusive ) shall apply to such committee .

The application of scientific information concerning human beings to the problems of design ( Reference 11 ) .
the [use] of scientific information concerning human beings to the problems of design ( reference 11 ) .

Seek professional advice at an early stage if you have any doubts about the appropriate application of the law or regulations .
seek professional advice at an early stage if you have any doubts about the appropriate [use] of the law or regulations .

Another writer has argued that , apart from the period of financial crisis in the immediate aftermath of the war , government control amounted to little more than the application of Keynesian nostrums and wartime controls rather than the application of thoroughgoing plans for the reconstruction of industry .
another writer has argued that , apart from the period of financial crisis in the immediate aftermath of the war , government control amounted to little more than the [use] of keynesian nostrums and wartime controls rather than the [use] of thoroughgoing plans for the reconstruction of industry .

The nationalisation programme was soon to be regarded as failing to tackle many of the country 's more fundamental economic problems , such as the still heavy reliance of the old industrial areas upon a narrow range of traditional industries — a reliance , if anything , re-emphasised by the needs of war — and the chronic problems of poor management , the commercial application of new technology , and industrial relations .
the nationalisation programme was soon to be regarded as failing to tackle many of the country 's more fundamental economic problems , such as the still heavy reliance of the old industrial areas upon a narrow range of traditional industries — a reliance , if anything , re-emphasised by the needs of war — and the chronic problems of poor management , the commercial [use] of new technology , and industrial relations .

Similarly , the number of spills has fallen by [ 20 % ] and the impact of our operations in sensitive areas is being reduced by the application of technology .
similarly , the number of spills has fallen by [ 20 % ] and the impact of our operations in sensitive areas is being reduced by the [use] of technology .

If you intend to continue storing petroleum spirit you must complete the enclosed renewal application form and return it to this address before the date of expiry of your existing licence .
if you intend to continue storing petroleum spirit you must complete the enclosed renewal [use] form and return it to this address before the date of expiry of your existing licence .

Forms of application and details of the benefits of joining the Scheme are available from the Administration Unit .
forms of [use] and details of the benefits of joining the scheme are available from the administration unit .

To undertake more complex complaints , investigations and enquiries and to advise the staff of the section in the direction of investigations , giving support and guidance on the interpretation and application of legislation .
to undertake more complex complaints , investigations and enquiries and to advise the staff of the section in the direction of investigations , giving support and guidance on the interpretation and [use] of legislation .

Advising staff on the proper interpretation and application of legislation .
advising staff on the proper interpretation and [use] of legislation .

Working through these difficult times is a challenge for all our staff who have maintained their integrity , application and cheerfulness .
working through these difficult times is a challenge for all our staff who have maintained their integrity , [use] and cheerfulness .

The application of finance to projects is not a unique idea ( take your mortgage , for example ) .
the [use] of finance to projects is not a unique idea ( take your mortgage , for example ) .

Then the first step is to complete an application form ( available from the address below ) .
then the first step is to complete an [use] form ( available from the address below ) .

As we have pointed out , the distinction between association and ascription is precisely such an issue of the application of properties to occurrences of entities .
as we have pointed out , the distinction between association and ascription is precisely such an issue of the [use] of properties to occurrences of entities .

All of these predictions do match real usage as shown in ( 66 ) and ( 67 ) ( underlining , on this occasion , indicates the section of the structure which is to be questioned ) ; we add ( 68 ) to offer the parallel with an explicit clause : ( 66 ) she needs the application translated what does she need ?
all of these predictions do match real usage as shown in ( 66 ) and ( 67 ) ( underlining , on this occasion , indicates the section of the structure which is to be questioned ) ; we add ( 68 ) to offer the parallel with an explicit clause : ( 66 ) she needs the [use] translated what does she need ?

Note , in particular , the form would-be which very clearly requires an implicit awareness of this mode of adjectival application on the part of the ordinary speaker .
note , in particular , the form would-be which very clearly requires an implicit awareness of this mode of adjectival [use] on the part of the ordinary speaker .

Application should be made to : .
[use] should be made to : .

‘ The emphasis in government policy on research with potential application , and on industrial exploitability , also creates unease .
‘ the emphasis in government policy on research with potential [use] , and on industrial exploitability , also creates unease .

Written application had been made in advance , and , except for four theses on loan , all had been collected together for this study either within the thesis area or in the thesis collection area of the Stack , to which access was permitted on this occasion .
written [use] had been made in advance , and , except for four theses on loan , all had been collected together for this study either within the thesis area or in the thesis collection area of the stack , to which access was permitted on this occasion .

Written application for consultation had been made in advance , but despite this , only five of the thirteen Strathclyde theses were ready for inspection on the appointed day .
written [use] for consultation had been made in advance , but despite this , only five of the thirteen strathclyde theses were ready for inspection on the appointed day .

Written application was made for photocopies of declarations .
written [use] was made for photocopies of declarations .

These have been drawn together by Cronin in the course of a paper looking for epistemological foundations and rigour in the application and value of citation measures .
these have been drawn together by cronin in the course of a paper looking for epistemological foundations and rigour in the [use] and value of citation measures .

: the application of geological research to human activity .
: the [use] of geological research to human activity .

The high cost , and the need for technical expertise in guiding policy makers are other factors which , in her view , seriously limit the wider application of the method .
the high cost , and the need for technical expertise in guiding policy makers are other factors which , in her view , seriously limit the wider [use] of the method .

Perhaps the most ambitious application of co-citation techniques is described by Small and Sweeney , where ‘ clustering of clusters ’ leads , after four iterations , to an overall map of science .
perhaps the most ambitious [use] of co-citation techniques is described by small and sweeney , where ‘ clustering of clusters ’ leads , after four iterations , to an overall map of science .

Metaphor is not a substitute for logical argument based on the consistent application of valid concepts .
metaphor is not a substitute for logical argument based on the consistent [use] of valid concepts .

Strictly speaking , the application of the term to bibliometrics is as a metaphor , with a number of different definitions .
strictly speaking , the [use] of the term to bibliometrics is as a metaphor , with a number of different definitions .

Research processes vary between and within discipline ; most really significant advances in knowledge come about through the application of several techniques .
research processes vary between and within discipline ; most really significant advances in knowledge come about through the [use] of several techniques .

The great advances in producing the laws of physical science had come about through the application of a method , one which systematically simplified the messiness of the appearances of the world , to produce the pristine laws of natural science .
the great advances in producing the laws of physical science had come about through the [use] of a method , one which systematically simplified the messiness of the appearances of the world , to produce the pristine laws of natural science .

Instrumentation is a branch of engineering , and engineering is nothing other than application of the laws , theories , hypotheses and principles of theoretical physics .
instrumentation is a branch of engineering , and engineering is nothing other than [use] of the laws , theories , hypotheses and principles of theoretical physics .

Lazarsfeld and Adorno are , perhaps , the best known of these ( as we suggested in Chapter 3 ) as major figures in the development and application of scaling methods in social research .
lazarsfeld and adorno are , perhaps , the best known of these ( as we suggested in chapter 3 ) as major figures in the development and [use] of scaling methods in social research .

Application for Mercosur membership
[use] for mercosur membership

Potential problems regarding the treaty 's formal implementation , which surfaced after the former Soviet republics of Armenia and Byelarus said that they were unable immediately to ratify the accord , were circumvented by an extraordinary conference in Vienna at which representatives from 29 signatory nations approved " provisional application " of the treaty pending its ratification by Armenia and Byelarus .
potential problems regarding the treaty 's formal implementation , which surfaced after the former soviet republics of armenia and byelarus said that they were unable immediately to ratify the accord , were circumvented by an extraordinary conference in vienna at which representatives from 29 signatory nations approved " provisional [use] " of the treaty pending its ratification by armenia and byelarus .

An estimated 1,000,000 people arrived in Shenzhen from all over China on Aug. 9-11 seeking to purchase the application forms for a forthcoming share offer on the Shenzhen stock exchange .
an estimated 1,000,000 people arrived in shenzhen from all over china on aug. 9-11 seeking to purchase the [use] forms for a forthcoming share offer on the shenzhen stock exchange .

Applicants queued for two days for a total of 5,000,000 application forms on a first-come first-served basis .
applicants queued for two days for a total of 5,000,000 [use] forms on a first-come first-served basis .

Maastricht Treaty ratification by Greece — Opinion on Swedish application — Agreement on banana imports
maastricht treaty ratification by greece — opinion on swedish [use] — agreement on banana imports

Swedish application
swedish [use]

On July 31 the European Commission issued its opinion on the membership application formally submitted by Sweden in July 1991 [ see p. 38353 ] .
on july 31 the european commission issued its opinion on the membership [use] formally submitted by sweden in july 1991 [ see p. 38353 ] .

It welcomed the application in principle , declaring that there were no insurmountable obstacles to Swedish membership , and recommended that formal negotiations be opened early in 1993 .
it welcomed the [use] in principle , declaring that there were no insurmountable obstacles to swedish membership , and recommended that formal negotiations be opened early in 1993 .

The measure was designed for immediate application and short-term effect , with the handout being retrieved in the following year .
the measure was designed for immediate [use] and short-term effect , with the handout being retrieved in the following year .

Application for membership by former Soviet republics
[use] for membership by former soviet republics

The memorandum committed the Japanese government to revise the application of the alien registration law to Koreans in order to replace the fingerprinting requirement with a record of family registration .
the memorandum committed the japanese government to revise the [use] of the alien registration law to koreans in order to replace the fingerprinting requirement with a record of family registration .

Approval of application for membership by Czechoslovakia
approval of [use] for membership by czechoslovakia

The Council of Europe 's Parliamentary Assembly , meeting in Strasbourg , voted unanimously on Jan. 30 to approve Czechoslovakia 's membership application .
the council of europe 's parliamentary assembly , meeting in strasbourg , voted unanimously on jan. 30 to approve czechoslovakia 's membership [use] .

Additionally , workers and pensioners could exchange notes above the maximum amounts provided that they completed an application form and could prove to special commissions that the money had been acquired legally .
additionally , workers and pensioners could exchange notes above the maximum amounts provided that they completed an [use] form and could prove to special commissions that the money had been acquired legally .

An existing protocol to the Treaty effectively excluded this , declaring : `` Nothing in the Treaty … shall affect the application in Ireland of Article 40.3.3 of the Constitution of Ireland [ guaranteeing the `` equal right to life `` of both mother and foetus ] `` .
an existing protocol to the treaty effectively excluded this , declaring : `` nothing in the treaty … shall affect the [use] in ireland of article 40.3.3 of the constitution of ireland [ guaranteeing the `` equal right to life `` of both mother and foetus ] `` .

The European Council is convinced that harmonious development of the Union over the coming years depends to a considerable degree on the strict application to existing and future legislation of the principle of subsidiarity by all the institutions . ``
the european council is convinced that harmonious development of the union over the coming years depends to a considerable degree on the strict [use] to existing and future legislation of the principle of subsidiarity by all the institutions . ``

If their application were turned down they would in future have only one appeal rather than two .
if their [use] were turned down they would in future have only one appeal rather than two .

November 1990 : Council of Europe approved Hungary 's application for membership ( see p. 37870 ) .
november 1990 : council of europe approved hungary 's [use] for membership ( see p. 37870 ) .

The International Herald Tribune of June 29 reported that the Swedish immigration board had turned down the asylum application of a Soviet Jew for the first time in memory and that immigration officials had announced on June 28 that Soviet Jews would no longer be granted asylum automatically .
the international herald tribune of june 29 reported that the swedish immigration board had turned down the asylum [use] of a soviet jew for the first time in memory and that immigration officials had announced on june 28 that soviet jews would no longer be granted asylum automatically .

The compensation bill cleared its last hurdle on April 19 when the Constitutional Court rejected an application by the opposition Alliance of Free Democrats ( SzDSz ) to annul the government 's proposals .
the compensation bill cleared its last hurdle on april 19 when the constitutional court rejected an [use] by the opposition alliance of free democrats ( szdsz ) to annul the government 's proposals .

In addition , non-government regional commissions , whose members would be drawn from the Roman Catholic church , trade unions and social organizations and include recognized local personalities , would oversee the application of a ceasefire .
in addition , non-government regional commissions , whose members would be drawn from the roman catholic church , trade unions and social organizations and include recognized local personalities , would oversee the [use] of a ceasefire .

Withdrawal of franc zone application
withdrawal of franc zone [use]

The Court found that the application of a 5 per cent hurdle throughout Germany ( below which parties could not win representation ) would disadvantage smaller parties .
the court found that the [use] of a 5 per cent hurdle throughout germany ( below which parties could not win representation ) would disadvantage smaller parties .

Any questions with respect to the application of the word `` deployed `` as used in the last sentence of paragraph 3 of Article 5 will be decided by the government of the united Germany in a reasonable and responsible way taking into account the security interests of each contracting party as set forth in the preamble .
any questions with respect to the [use] of the word `` deployed `` as used in the last sentence of paragraph 3 of article 5 will be decided by the government of the united germany in a reasonable and responsible way taking into account the security interests of each contracting party as set forth in the preamble .

Reports in early July indicated illegal attempts to import sensitive mini-computers with nuclear application from Norway via the United Kingdom .
reports in early july indicated illegal attempts to import sensitive mini-computers with nuclear [use] from norway via the united kingdom .

An application to join the coalition by a Sarawak-based party , Persatuan Rakyat Malaysian Sarawak ( Permas — the Malaysian Sarawak Party ) , was rejected and the decision to admit the Terengganu-based Parti Ikatan Masyarakat Islam ( Islamic Alliance Party ) was deferred .
an [use] to join the coalition by a sarawak-based party , persatuan rakyat malaysian sarawak ( permas — the malaysian sarawak party ) , was rejected and the decision to admit the terengganu-based parti ikatan masyarakat islam ( islamic alliance party ) was deferred .

The Forum turned down an application by Taiwan to join the Forum 's dialogue partners , but acknowledged that it was interested in discussing economic development with Taiwan .
the forum turned down an [use] by taiwan to join the forum 's dialogue partners , but acknowledged that it was interested in discussing economic development with taiwan .

Arrest of Achille Lauro hijacker in Greece — Italian application for extradition
arrest of achille lauro hijacker in greece — italian [use] for extradition

When the application period ended ( on June 8 ) an assessment of the results would be made and unsold shares would be put up for sale at a lower price .
when the [use] period ended ( on june 8 ) an assessment of the results would be made and unsold shares would be put up for sale at a lower price .

Admission of Bulgaria — Russian application for membership
admission of bulgaria — russian [use] for membership

To this end it has been agreed to annex to the Treaty a protocol concerning social policy which will commit the institutions of the Community to take and implement the necessary decisions while adapting the decision-making procedures for application by 11 member states .
to this end it has been agreed to annex to the treaty a protocol concerning social policy which will commit the institutions of the community to take and implement the necessary decisions while adapting the decision-making procedures for [use] by 11 member states .

The Privy Council in London on Nov. 26 granted a right to an immediate hearing of the application by 116 black Moslems to the Trinidadian courts for their release from prison .
the privy council in london on nov. 26 granted a right to an immediate hearing of the [use] by 116 black moslems to the trinidadian courts for their release from prison .

According to a Tass news agency report the talks covered reductions in the component elements of the armed forces , geographical limits in the application of a general agreement and the exchange of initial data and monitoring .
according to a tass news agency report the talks covered reductions in the component elements of the armed forces , geographical limits in the [use] of a general agreement and the exchange of initial data and monitoring .

The Bratska Political Association of Macedonians , legalized on Sept. 3 , was banned on Nov. 9 ; the Justice Ministry claimed that there were false documents in its application for registration .
the bratska political association of macedonians , legalized on sept. 3 , was banned on nov. 9 ; the justice ministry claimed that there were false documents in its [use] for registration .

On the morning of his arrest Shen had scheduled a press conference to announce his application to establish a Beijing office for a US-based dissident group , the Democracy for China Fund .
on the morning of his arrest shen had scheduled a press conference to announce his [use] to establish a beijing office for a us-based dissident group , the democracy for china fund .

Commission Opinion on Finnish membership application
commission opinion on finnish membership [use]

Norwegian membership application
norwegian membership [use]

The Storting ( parliament ) approved the application on Nov. 19 by 104 votes to 55 with six abstentions .
the storting ( parliament ) approved the [use] on nov. 19 by 104 votes to 55 with six abstentions .

In talks with Tran Duc Luong , a Vice-Chairman of the Council of Ministers , Prawiro said that Indonesia would support Vietnam 's application for aid from international financial institutions .
in talks with tran duc luong , a vice-chairman of the council of ministers , prawiro said that indonesia would support vietnam 's [use] for aid from international financial institutions .

An application by the Uttar Pradesh government in October 1991 to acquire 2.77 acres of land adjoining the mosque , which had been allowed by a court in Lucknow [ see p. 38532 ] was rejected by the Supreme Court on Dec. 11 .
an [use] by the uttar pradesh government in october 1991 to acquire 2.77 acres of land adjoining the mosque , which had been allowed by a court in lucknow [ see p. 38532 ] was rejected by the supreme court on dec. 11 .

Those with Norway would begin `` as soon as the Commission 's opinion on its application is available `` . ``
those with norway would begin `` as soon as the commission 's opinion on its [use] is available `` . ``

In preparing its opinion on the Swiss application `` the Commission was `` to take into account the views of the Swiss authorities following the Dec. 6 referendum `` [ see this page ] .
in preparing its opinion on the swiss [use] `` the commission was `` to take into account the views of the swiss authorities following the dec. 6 referendum `` [ see this page ] .

Finnish application for membership
finnish [use] for membership

Turkey 's April 1987 application was effectively stalled following the Commission 's December 1989 opinion [ see p. 37133 ] .
turkey 's april 1987 [use] was effectively stalled following the commission 's december 1989 opinion [ see p. 37133 ] .

Libyan application to Hague Court
libyan [use] to hague court

The Court had ruled in favour of an application by a Belgian village which had sought to block the dumping of waste from the Netherlands on its land .
the court had ruled in favour of an [use] by a belgian village which had sought to block the dumping of waste from the netherlands on its land .

Their demands included improved salaries , the application of certain employment laws , and state payment for uniforms .
their demands included improved salaries , the [use] of certain employment laws , and state payment for uniforms .

Under the new law , promulgated by Biya on Dec. 19 , the authorities would have to give reasons for refusing an application , and registered parties would receive state support during election campaigns .
under the new law , promulgated by biya on dec. 19 , the authorities would have to give reasons for refusing an [use] , and registered parties would receive state support during election campaigns .

The progress of molecular biology ( and its application , biotechnology ) is pushing medicine into a new age , from the pharmacologic to the molecular . ``
the progress of molecular biology ( and its [use] , biotechnology ) is pushing medicine into a new age , from the pharmacologic to the molecular . ``

There are three levels of application , each level impinging more strongly on clinical autonomy and patient choice .
there are three levels of [use] , each level impinging more strongly on clinical autonomy and patient choice .

Pollitt ( 1992 ) argues that the application and development of nursing audit systems differ in important respects from medical audit , reflecting differences in professional perspective , power and organisation .
pollitt ( 1992 ) argues that the [use] and development of nursing audit systems differ in important respects from medical audit , reflecting differences in professional perspective , power and organisation .

In an age where employability is the keynote the idea of educating for leisure may seem an anathema ; however , even job application forms ask questions about leisure interests , presumably on the grounds that it tells employers something about potential employees .
in an age where employability is the keynote the idea of educating for leisure may seem an anathema ; however , even job [use] forms ask questions about leisure interests , presumably on the grounds that it tells employers something about potential employees .

The answer today to the question whether objects which were originally chattels have become fixtures , that is to say part of the freehold , depends upon the application of two tests : ( 1 ) the method and degree of annexation ; ( 2 ) the object and purpose of the annexation .
the answer today to the question whether objects which were originally chattels have become fixtures , that is to say part of the freehold , depends upon the [use] of two tests : ( 1 ) the method and degree of annexation ; ( 2 ) the object and purpose of the annexation .

In this century , a substantial body of functionally differentiated statute law has grown up around the landlord–tenant relationship , such that today the nineteenth-century rules have limited — though still very important — practical application .
in this century , a substantial body of functionally differentiated statute law has grown up around the landlord–tenant relationship , such that today the nineteenth-century rules have limited — though still very important — practical [use] .

( 3 ) Where there is served on the person who may consent to a proposed transaction a written application by the tenant for consent to the transaction , he owes a duty to the tenant within a reasonable time — ( a ) to give consent , except in a case where it is reasonable not to give consent , ( b ) to serve on the tenant written notice of his decision whether or not to give consent specifying in addition — ( i ) if the consent is given subject to conditions , the conditions , ( ii ) if the consent is withheld , the reasons for withholding it .
( 3 ) where there is served on the person who may consent to a proposed transaction a written [use] by the tenant for consent to the transaction , he owes a duty to the tenant within a reasonable time — ( a ) to give consent , except in a case where it is reasonable not to give consent , ( b ) to serve on the tenant written notice of his decision whether or not to give consent specifying in addition — ( i ) if the consent is given subject to conditions , the conditions , ( ii ) if the consent is withheld , the reasons for withholding it .

The real question is a point of law , of some interest and general application .
the real question is a point of law , of some interest and general [use] .

In theory the first step in the procedure is a formal application for payment of arrears by either the landlord or someone acting as an agent . In practice , many leases expressly exclude this requirement on the part of the landlord and statute dispenses with this part of the procedure in many cases :
in theory the first step in the procedure is a formal [use] for payment of arrears by either the landlord or someone acting as an agent . in practice , many leases expressly exclude this requirement on the part of the landlord and statute dispenses with this part of the procedure in many cases :

The next step is for the lessor to make a court application to obtain an order for possession .
the next step is for the lessor to make a court [use] to obtain an order for possession .

( 4 ) Where a lessor is proceeding by action or otherwise to enforce a right of re-entry or forfeiture under any covenant , proviso , or stipulation in a lease , or for non-payment of rent , the court may , on application by any person claiming as an under-lessee any estate or interest in the property comprised in the lease or any part thereof , either in the lessor 's action ( if any ) or in any action brought by such person for that purpose , make an order vesting , for the whole term of the lease or any less term , the property comprised in the lease , or any part thereof in any person entitled as under-lessee to any estate or interest in such property upon such conditions as to execution of any deed or other document , payment of rent , costs , expenses , damages , compensation , giving security , or otherwise , as the court in the circumstances of each case may think fit , but in no case shall any such under-lessee be entitled to require a lease to be granted to him for any longer term than he had his original sub-lease .
( 4 ) where a lessor is proceeding by action or otherwise to enforce a right of re-entry or forfeiture under any covenant , proviso , or stipulation in a lease , or for non-payment of rent , the court may , on [use] by any person claiming as an under-lessee any estate or interest in the property comprised in the lease or any part thereof , either in the lessor 's action ( if any ) or in any action brought by such person for that purpose , make an order vesting , for the whole term of the lease or any less term , the property comprised in the lease , or any part thereof in any person entitled as under-lessee to any estate or interest in such property upon such conditions as to execution of any deed or other document , payment of rent , costs , expenses , damages , compensation , giving security , or otherwise , as the court in the circumstances of each case may think fit , but in no case shall any such under-lessee be entitled to require a lease to be granted to him for any longer term than he had his original sub-lease .

Lord Roskill apparently believed that `` inflict `` required the direct application of force to the victim .
lord roskill apparently believed that `` inflict `` required the direct [use] of force to the victim .

At the end of the day , the right keycard system choice will depend not only on technololgy , its ability to adapt to the specific application and how easy it is to use , but on the reliability and the pricing of the product , and just as important , on the suppliers and their ability to provide international service and support .
at the end of the day , the right keycard system choice will depend not only on technololgy , its ability to adapt to the specific [use] and how easy it is to use , but on the reliability and the pricing of the product , and just as important , on the suppliers and their ability to provide international service and support .

While most environmental health officers are keenly applying the new regulations , the shortage of staff coupled with the wide range of new products and processes which have to be assessed has resulted in a somewhat irregular interpretation and application of the Act .
while most environmental health officers are keenly applying the new regulations , the shortage of staff coupled with the wide range of new products and processes which have to be assessed has resulted in a somewhat irregular interpretation and [use] of the act .

Throughout the country the irregular application of the Food Safety Act , the Health and Safety at Work Act , and various preferred standards can create a minefield for designer , manufacturer and operator .
throughout the country the irregular [use] of the food safety act , the health and safety at work act , and various preferred standards can create a minefield for designer , manufacturer and operator .

Our industry has made huge progress in providing the right equipment for each application .
our industry has made huge progress in providing the right equipment for each [use] .

The right mat provides the optimum combination of safety , comfort , drainage , quality and durability for each particular application . Specifically , the food service professional 's premiere concerns would be :
the right mat provides the optimum combination of safety , comfort , drainage , quality and durability for each particular [use] . specifically , the food service professional 's premiere concerns would be :

The Unfair Contract Terms Act 1977 does not apply to the 1984 Act as it only has application to common law duties and the statutory duty under the 1957 Act .
the unfair contract terms act 1977 does not apply to the 1984 act as it only has [use] to common law duties and the statutory duty under the 1957 act .

The gist of the section is that the product must be safe but the Act has no application if it is useless .
the gist of the section is that the product must be safe but the act has no [use] if it is useless .

The application failed , as the decision could only be challenged if the decision was thoroughly unreasonable .
the [use] failed , as the decision could only be challenged if the decision was thoroughly unreasonable .

The modern application of this doctrine lies in the use of police search warrants .
the modern [use] of this doctrine lies in the use of police search warrants .

The application was rejected on the grounds of triviality .
the [use] was rejected on the grounds of triviality .

First , he announced his opposition to Britain 's application to join the Common Market .
first , he announced his opposition to britain 's [use] to join the common market .

Thus , where disagreement does arise it is usually of degree rather than of substance , and is more likely to concern the detailed application of policy as opposed to general principles .
thus , where disagreement does arise it is usually of degree rather than of substance , and is more likely to concern the detailed [use] of policy as opposed to general principles .

The application forms shown in the pack are specimen forms only and should not be used .
the [use] forms shown in the pack are specimen forms only and should not be used .

Application may only be made by a foreign lawyer , i.e .
[use] may only be made by a foreign lawyer , i.e .

There are two fees payable on application on initial registration .
there are two fees payable on [use] on initial registration .

If the Society does not receive an application for renewal by the renewal date the Society may cancel that person 's registration .
if the society does not receive an [use] for renewal by the renewal date the society may cancel that person 's registration .

There is payable with each application for renewal a renewal fee , and , where applicable , an annual contribution to the Compensation Fund and a special levy in respect of the Compensation Fund .
there is payable with each [use] for renewal a renewal fee , and , where applicable , an annual contribution to the compensation fund and a special levy in respect of the compensation fund .

3 . On an application for registration , the Law Society may require the applicant to provide to the Society : —
3 . on an [use] for registration , the law society may require the applicant to provide to the society : —

On an application for renewal of registration , the Law Society may require the registered foreign lawyer to provide to the Society evidence satisfactory to the Society that the registered foreign lawyer is complying with any indemnity rules or is exempt from them .
on an [use] for renewal of registration , the law society may require the registered foreign lawyer to provide to the society evidence satisfactory to the society that the registered foreign lawyer is complying with any indemnity rules or is exempt from them .

An application under regulation 7 above shall be supported by a deed poll , statutory declaration or other document of like effect by the registered foreign lawyer providing evidence satisfactory to the Law Society of the change of name .
an [use] under regulation 7 above shall be supported by a deed poll , statutory declaration or other document of like effect by the registered foreign lawyer providing evidence satisfactory to the law society of the change of name .

‘ ( 1 ) ( Application of the rule )
‘ ( 1 ) ( [use] of the rule )

Where a registered foreign lawyer has not , at any time during the period specified in the application for renewal of his or her registration , either :
where a registered foreign lawyer has not , at any time during the period specified in the [use] for renewal of his or her registration , either :

Where a registered foreign lawyer is required to pay an annual contribution , but has , during the period specified in his or her application for renewal of registration , mainly practised from an office or offices outside England and Wales , that annual contribution shall be reduced to one quarter of the full amount determined under Schedule 14 paragraph ( 7 ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of the Act , rounded to the nearest five pounds .
where a registered foreign lawyer is required to pay an annual contribution , but has , during the period specified in his or her [use] for renewal of registration , mainly practised from an office or offices outside england and wales , that annual contribution shall be reduced to one quarter of the full amount determined under schedule 14 paragraph ( 7 ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of the act , rounded to the nearest five pounds .

This ( second ) information pack is intended to assist solicitors in considering the question of whether to incorporate all or part of their practice , and , if they wish to do so , to assist solicitors in making the appropriate application for recognition by the Law Society .
this ( second ) information pack is intended to assist solicitors in considering the question of whether to incorporate all or part of their practice , and , if they wish to do so , to assist solicitors in making the appropriate [use] for recognition by the law society .

Rules 15 to 21 deal with the process of application and recognition by the Society .
rules 15 to 21 deal with the process of [use] and recognition by the society .

Application forms may be obtained from Solicitors Records , and should be returned to the Finance Department .
[use] forms may be obtained from solicitors records , and should be returned to the finance department .

12 . Application of principles and requirements of conduct to
12 . [use] of principles and requirements of conduct to

( a ) a completed application signed by all the members and directors of the body ( in the case of a member which is a recognised body two directors of that body shall sign on its behalf save that where a body has only one director that director shall sign on its behalf ) in such form as the Council may from time to time prescribe , which application shall include ?
( a ) a completed [use] signed by all the members and directors of the body ( in the case of a member which is a recognised body two directors of that body shall sign on its behalf save that where a body has only one director that director shall sign on its behalf ) in such form as the council may from time to time prescribe , which [use] shall include ?

( vii ) reasonably sufficient information in respect of any of the matters referred to in Rule 16(2) except such information as has been provided by the body in a previous application under this Rule ;
( vii ) reasonably sufficient information in respect of any of the matters referred to in rule 16(2) except such information as has been provided by the body in a previous [use] under this rule ;

( 1 ) Where the Council refuses an application for recognition it shall notify the applicant of the refusal and of the grounds on which it has been refused .
( 1 ) where the council refuses an [use] for recognition it shall notify the applicant of the refusal and of the grounds on which it has been refused .

( 2 ) Where the Council has within three months beginning with the date when an application for recognition was received by the Council neither granted nor refused recognition , an appeal to the Master of the Rolls may be brought under paragraph 2 of Schedule 2 to the Act as if the application had been refused by the Council .
( 2 ) where the council has within three months beginning with the date when an [use] for recognition was received by the council neither granted nor refused recognition , an appeal to the master of the rolls may be brought under paragraph 2 of schedule 2 to the act as if the [use] had been refused by the council .

( 2 ) Where an application is made in accordance with Rule 15 by a body which at the date of the application is already recognised under these Rules and the Council has neither granted nor refused a new recognition by the time when the body 's existing recognition would , apart from this paragraph , expire in accordance with paragraph ( 1 ) of this Rule , the existing recognition shall not expire at that time but shall continue in force until a new recognition is granted or refused .
( 2 ) where an [use] is made in accordance with rule 15 by a body which at the date of the [use] is already recognised under these rules and the council has neither granted nor refused a new recognition by the time when the body 's existing recognition would , apart from this paragraph , expire in accordance with paragraph ( 1 ) of this rule , the existing recognition shall not expire at that time but shall continue in force until a new recognition is granted or refused .

24 . Duty of officers ; application of Rules , etc. , to officers ,
24 . duty of officers ; [use] of rules , etc. , to officers ,

The receipt of the Company for the purchase money shall be a good discharge to the Purchaser who shall not be bound to see to the application thereof and , after the name of the Purchaser has been entered in the register in purported exercise of the aforesaid powers , the validity of the proceedings shall not be questioned by any person .
the receipt of the company for the purchase money shall be a good discharge to the purchaser who shall not be bound to see to the [use] thereof and , after the name of the purchaser has been entered in the register in purported exercise of the aforesaid powers , the validity of the proceedings shall not be questioned by any person .

Subject to Section 310 of the Act , every Director or other officer of the Company shall be entitled to be indemnified out of the assets of the Company against all losses or liabilities which he may sustain or incur in or about the execution of the duties of his office or otherwise in relation thereto , including any liability incurred by him in defending any proceedings , whether civil or criminal , in which judgement is given in his favour or in which he is acquitted or in connection with any application under Sections 144 ( 3 ) or ( 4 ) or 727 of the Act in which relief is granted to him by the Court , and no Director or other officer shall be liable for any loss , damage or misfortune which may happen to or be incurred by the Company in the execution of the duties of his office or in relation thereto .
subject to section 310 of the act , every director or other officer of the company shall be entitled to be indemnified out of the assets of the company against all losses or liabilities which he may sustain or incur in or about the execution of the duties of his office or otherwise in relation thereto , including any liability incurred by him in defending any proceedings , whether civil or criminal , in which judgement is given in his favour or in which he is acquitted or in connection with any [use] under sections 144 ( 3 ) or ( 4 ) or 727 of the act in which relief is granted to him by the court , and no director or other officer shall be liable for any loss , damage or misfortune which may happen to or be incurred by the company in the execution of the duties of his office or in relation thereto .

The receipt of the Company for the purchase money shall be a good discharge to the Purchaser who shall not be bound to see to the application thereof and , after the name of the Purchaser has been entered in the register in purported exercise of the aforesaid powers , the validity of the proceedings shall not be questioned by any person .
the receipt of the company for the purchase money shall be a good discharge to the purchaser who shall not be bound to see to the [use] thereof and , after the name of the purchaser has been entered in the register in purported exercise of the aforesaid powers , the validity of the proceedings shall not be questioned by any person .

Subject to Section 310 of the Act , every Director or other officer of the Company shall be entitled to be indemnified out of the assets of the Company against all losses or liabilities which he may sustain or incur in or about the execution of the duties of his office or otherwise in relation thereto , including any liability incurred by him in defending any proceedings , whether civil or criminal , in which judgement is given in his favour or in which he is acquitted or in connection with any application under Sections 144 ( 3 ) or ( 4 ) or 727 of the Act in which relief is granted to him by the Court , and no Director or other officer shall be liable for any loss , damage or misfortune which may happen to or be incurred by the Company in the execution of the duties of his office or in relation thereto .
subject to section 310 of the act , every director or other officer of the company shall be entitled to be indemnified out of the assets of the company against all losses or liabilities which he may sustain or incur in or about the execution of the duties of his office or otherwise in relation thereto , including any liability incurred by him in defending any proceedings , whether civil or criminal , in which judgement is given in his favour or in which he is acquitted or in connection with any [use] under sections 144 ( 3 ) or ( 4 ) or 727 of the act in which relief is granted to him by the court , and no director or other officer shall be liable for any loss , damage or misfortune which may happen to or be incurred by the company in the execution of the duties of his office or in relation thereto .

Artificer `` was then used more widely than in its later application to the royal dockyards and the Navy . ``
artificer `` was then used more widely than in its later [use] to the royal dockyards and the navy . ``

Sometimes this was easier and cheaper , especially as increasing population could outpace workhouse provision ; sometimes it was because the parish officers discriminated in their application of the `` test `` and did not apply it to all kinds of claimant .
sometimes this was easier and cheaper , especially as increasing population could outpace workhouse provision ; sometimes it was because the parish officers discriminated in their [use] of the `` test `` and did not apply it to all kinds of claimant .

Abundance thus rapidly acquired by those who were ignorant of its proper application hastened the progress of luxury and licentiousness , and the lower orders were almost universally corrupted by profusion and depravity scarcely to be credited by those who are strangers to our district .
abundance thus rapidly acquired by those who were ignorant of its proper [use] hastened the progress of luxury and licentiousness , and the lower orders were almost universally corrupted by profusion and depravity scarcely to be credited by those who are strangers to our district .

However , first larger jennies and then the application of power to them and to the mules took spinning from the cottage through the workshop to the factory where , as we have seen , it became a male employment .
however , first larger jennies and then the [use] of power to them and to the mules took spinning from the cottage through the workshop to the factory where , as we have seen , it became a male employment .

Continuous speech processing requires the application of very many sources of knowledge in order to decode the utterance .
continuous speech processing requires the [use] of very many sources of knowledge in order to decode the utterance .

Even if the signal were transcribed into a perfect description of the sound , the utterance might remain partially ambiguous without the application of further sources of information .
even if the signal were transcribed into a perfect description of the sound , the utterance might remain partially ambiguous without the [use] of further sources of information .

If words were represented as fairly abstract morphemic forms a speech recognition system of the conventional matching type would have to derive these forms somehow from the acoustic input by the application of phonological rules in reverse .
if words were represented as fairly abstract morphemic forms a speech recognition system of the conventional matching type would have to derive these forms somehow from the acoustic input by the [use] of phonological rules in reverse .

As we shall demonstrate in later chapters the word boundary ambiguities present in continuous speech , together with the increased number of homophones produced by the application of phonological rules for variations in pronunciation , relax the lexical constraints to the point where a very large number of paths through the lattice are equally plausible .
as we shall demonstrate in later chapters the word boundary ambiguities present in continuous speech , together with the increased number of homophones produced by the [use] of phonological rules for variations in pronunciation , relax the lexical constraints to the point where a very large number of paths through the lattice are equally plausible .

It remains to be seen what effect this case will have on copyright litigation in the United States ( the judges in the Court of Appeals recognized that their test would be difficult to apply and would need further case law before its application could be predicted with any certainty ) .
it remains to be seen what effect this case will have on copyright litigation in the united states ( the judges in the court of appeals recognized that their test would be difficult to apply and would need further case law before its [use] could be predicted with any certainty ) .

Some languages and program development tools ( languages in a wide sense including expert system shells ) require `` run-time `` licences to be acquired before application programs and systems may be distributed .
some languages and program development tools ( languages in a wide sense including expert system shells ) require `` run-time `` licences to be acquired before [use] programs and systems may be distributed .

These generally permit the copying and distribution of a cut-down version of the language , tool or shell sufficient to run the application .
these generally permit the copying and distribution of a cut-down version of the language , tool or shell sufficient to run the [use] .

In many cases , the employer 's `` trade secrets `` may be no more than the result of the application by an employee of his own skill and judgment , but if the employee was engaged specifically to produce that information then it can still amount to a trade secret .
in many cases , the employer 's `` trade secrets `` may be no more than the result of the [use] by an employee of his own skill and judgment , but if the employee was engaged specifically to produce that information then it can still amount to a trade secret .

If the application is successful , a patent will be granted for four years initially and may be renewed , annually , up to a maximum of twenty years from the date the application is filed ( the priority date ) .
if the [use] is successful , a patent will be granted for four years initially and may be renewed , annually , up to a maximum of twenty years from the date the [use] is filed ( the priority date ) .

Obtaining a patent is a complex , expensive and lengthy process and the services of a patent agent are desirable because the drafting of the application and the specification is extremely important as regards the future scope of the patent .
obtaining a patent is a complex , expensive and lengthy process and the services of a patent agent are desirable because the drafting of the [use] and the specification is extremely important as regards the future scope of the patent .

The ponderous patent application process seems to be unsuited to a fast- moving technology as it can take several years from initial application before a patent is finally granted .
the ponderous patent [use] process seems to be unsuited to a fast- moving technology as it can take several years from initial [use] before a patent is finally granted .

The filing date is normally ( for a first application ) known as the priority date .
the filing date is normally ( for a first [use] ) known as the priority date .

Computer technology spreads into all sorts of other technologies and this may lead to patentable inventions , even though the computer technology itself is not new , if the application of the technology is new .
computer technology spreads into all sorts of other technologies and this may lead to patentable inventions , even though the computer technology itself is not new , if the [use] of the technology is new .

In principle there is nothing to prevent the application of well-known technology to a particular problem being the proper subject matter of a patent .
in principle there is nothing to prevent the [use] of well-known technology to a particular problem being the proper subject matter of a patent .

Another requirement for the grant of a patent is that the invention must have an industrial application but this is widely defined by section 4 of the Patents Act 1977 which states that the invention must be capable of being made or used in any kind of industry , including agriculture .
another requirement for the grant of a patent is that the invention must have an industrial [use] but this is widely defined by section 4 of the patents act 1977 which states that the invention must be capable of being made or used in any kind of industry , including agriculture .

The need for industrial application shows the practical nature of patent law , which requires that the invention should be something which can be produced or that it relates to some sort of industrial process .
the need for industrial [use] shows the practical nature of patent law , which requires that the invention should be something which can be produced or that it relates to some sort of industrial process .

Examples of refusal on the grounds that the invention does not have an industrial application are rare , but one example is provided by Hiller 's Application [ 1969 ] .
examples of refusal on the grounds that the invention does not have an industrial [use] are rare , but one example is provided by hiller 's [use] [ 1969 ] .

It was held that this could not constitute a `` manner of manufacture `` ( the phrase used instead of `` industrial application `` prior to the 1977 Act ) .
it was held that this could not constitute a `` manner of manufacture `` ( the phrase used instead of `` industrial [use] `` prior to the 1977 act ) .

Section 1 ( 2 ) of the Act states that the following are not inventions for the purposes of the Act : ( a ) a discovery , scientific theory or mathematical method ; ( b ) a literary , dramatic , musical or artistic work or any other aesthetic creation whatsoever ; ( c ) a scheme , rule or method for performing any mental act , playing a game or doing business , or a program for a computer ; ( d ) the presentation of information ; but the foregoing provision shall prevent anything from being treated as an invention for the purposes of this Act only to the extent that a patent or application for a patent relates to that thing as such ( emphasis added )
section 1 ( 2 ) of the act states that the following are not inventions for the purposes of the act : ( a ) a discovery , scientific theory or mathematical method ; ( b ) a literary , dramatic , musical or artistic work or any other aesthetic creation whatsoever ; ( c ) a scheme , rule or method for performing any mental act , playing a game or doing business , or a program for a computer ; ( d ) the presentation of information ; but the foregoing provision shall prevent anything from being treated as an invention for the purposes of this act only to the extent that a patent or [use] for a patent relates to that thing as such ( emphasis added )

This means that these particular things mentioned in the above list of exclusions can be protected by patent indirectly if they are part of a patent application which includes other elements which are patentable in their own right .
this means that these particular things mentioned in the above list of exclusions can be protected by patent indirectly if they are part of a patent [use] which includes other elements which are patentable in their own right .

But if an application is made to patent a computer-controlled furnace it may well succeed and be granted a patent .
but if an [use] is made to patent a computer-controlled furnace it may well succeed and be granted a patent .

In Gever 's Application [ 1970 ] , data processing apparatus was arranged to work in a certain way associated with punched cards inserted into it .
in gever 's [use] [ 1970 ] , data processing apparatus was arranged to work in a certain way associated with punched cards inserted into it .

The patent application , which concerned a piece of machinery which functioned in a certain way because of the punched cards , was allowed to proceed .
the patent [use] , which concerned a piece of machinery which functioned in a certain way because of the punched cards , was allowed to proceed .

In another case , Burrough 's Corporation ( Perkin 's ) Application [ 1974 ] , computer programs controlled the transmission of data to terminals from a central computer ( a communications system ) .
in another case , burrough 's corporation ( perkin 's ) [use] [ 1974 ] , computer programs controlled the transmission of data to terminals from a central computer ( a communications system ) .

The first is that the patent application should be considered without the contribution of the excepted thing .
the first is that the patent [use] should be considered without the contribution of the excepted thing .

The case of Re Merrill Lynch , Pierce Fenner & Smith Incorporated 's Application [ 1988 ] illustrates this approach .
the case of re merrill lynch , pierce fenner & smith incorporated 's [use] [ 1988 ] illustrates this approach .

The Principal Examiner of the Patent Office rejected the application for a patent and the appeal against his decision was dismissed .
the principal examiner of the patent office rejected the [use] for a patent and the appeal against his decision was dismissed .

Whilst a patent will be refused for a computer program simpliciter ( or any of the other exceptions in section 1 ( 2 ) for that matter ) it will be allowed if the purpose of the program is to bring about some practical effect and it is that effect which is the subject matter of the patent application .
whilst a patent will be refused for a computer program simpliciter ( or any of the other exceptions in section 1 ( 2 ) for that matter ) it will be allowed if the purpose of the program is to bring about some practical effect and it is that effect which is the subject matter of the patent [use] .

However , an application for the Coca-Cola bottle was refused registration in re Coca-Cola Co. `` s Application [ 1986 ] .
however , an [use] for the coca-cola bottle was refused registration in re coca-cola co. `` s [use] [ 1986 ] .

The following example shows the application of passing-off .
the following example shows the [use] of passing-off .

The territorial scope of patent protection is determined by the application procedure .
the territorial scope of patent protection is determined by the [use] procedure .

The application of the Treaty provisions to actual cases has led to the development of the following principles : Exhaustion of rights : where the right owner has put articles into circulation ( directly or with his consent ) he can not subsequently use his rights to prevent further dealings in respect of those articles .
the [use] of the treaty provisions to actual cases has led to the development of the following principles : exhaustion of rights : where the right owner has put articles into circulation ( directly or with his consent ) he can not subsequently use his rights to prevent further dealings in respect of those articles .

It is essential that any ideas and development work concerning a possible future patent application are kept absolutely secret and confidential .
it is essential that any ideas and development work concerning a possible future patent [use] are kept absolutely secret and confidential .

The use of an experienced Patent Agent is highly recommended if a patent application is being considered .
the use of an experienced patent agent is highly recommended if a patent [use] is being considered .

Although this is a complex area of the law and subject to much speculation as regards the various overlaps between artistic , aesthetic and functional designs , if a design has been made which has some degree of eye-appeal , an application for registration should be made .
although this is a complex area of the law and subject to much speculation as regards the various overlaps between artistic , aesthetic and functional designs , if a design has been made which has some degree of eye-appeal , an [use] for registration should be made .

But , although they will have an intimate knowledge of computers , they will probably not have a deep knowledge of the particular application of the proposed software .
but , although they will have an intimate knowledge of computers , they will probably not have a deep knowledge of the particular [use] of the proposed software .

And held a position in the industry at a level not less than junior or first line management at the time of application .
and held a position in the industry at a level not less than junior or first line management at the time of [use] .

be supported in his or her application for membership by the principal or head of department of the college , polytechnic or university .
be supported in his or her [use] for membership by the principal or head of department of the college , polytechnic or university .

Applications for Associateship should be supported by two Fellows of the association who have knowledge of the candidate for at least two years immediately preceding the application .
applications for associateship should be supported by two fellows of the association who have knowledge of the candidate for at least two years immediately preceding the [use] .

The Council will not on such an application for readmission review , annul or amend the decision of the Disciplinary Committee which led to the expulsion and which the Council had formally approved .
the council will not on such an [use] for readmission review , annul or amend the decision of the disciplinary committee which led to the expulsion and which the council had formally approved .

The Council will not normally consider any such application until five years have elapsed from the date of the expulsion and the Council will only consider any such application on its facts and merits .
the council will not normally consider any such [use] until five years have elapsed from the date of the expulsion and the council will only consider any such [use] on its facts and merits .

Three months free membership ( from application date ) to this unique club providing members with a central booking point for entertainment , rail travel and hotel accommodation , often with substantial discounts .
three months free membership ( from [use] date ) to this unique club providing members with a central booking point for entertainment , rail travel and hotel accommodation , often with substantial discounts .

Approaching the fabliaux with a mind prepared to find moral instruction in the texts , however unpromising they might superficially seem to be for such interpretation , is something that we can reconstruct as an authentic medieval mode of reading — `` `` All that is written is written for our doctrine `` `` as St Paul has it — although there is little direct evidence for the application of such literary theory to vernacular literature as well as the classics before the fourteenth century , and even then the extent of such application is difficult to assess .
approaching the fabliaux with a mind prepared to find moral instruction in the texts , however unpromising they might superficially seem to be for such interpretation , is something that we can reconstruct as an authentic medieval mode of reading — `` `` all that is written is written for our doctrine `` `` as st paul has it — although there is little direct evidence for the [use] of such literary theory to vernacular literature as well as the classics before the fourteenth century , and even then the extent of such [use] is difficult to assess .

Application forms should be available from the Office after Easter , but any further information may always be obtained from Rita Quick or any of the trainers .
[use] forms should be available from the office after easter , but any further information may always be obtained from rita quick or any of the trainers .

The application which was submitted by the Society last November was discussed with the panel on February 18th and as you were told it was well received .
the [use] which was submitted by the society last november was discussed with the panel on february 18th and as you were told it was well received .

More application brochures can be obtained on request from the Medau Office .
more [use] brochures can be obtained on request from the medau office .

Below is an application form for the Dinner Dance tickets .
below is an [use] form for the dinner dance tickets .

This vitally important information is required for the Society 's Annual Report , which in turn is necessary with regard to our application for Sports Council Grant Aid .
this vitally important information is required for the society 's annual report , which in turn is necessary with regard to our [use] for sports council grant aid .

Application forms will be available from the office from the end of January .
[use] forms will be available from the office from the end of january .

Deposit of £10 must be paid by 15th June and early application is advised . Further information from either :
deposit of £10 must be paid by 15th june and early [use] is advised . further information from either :

… Application forms are available from the office and should be returned by 27th November .
… [use] forms are available from the office and should be returned by 27th november .

Application forms completed by these students were analysed and a one-in-five sub-sample was interviewed .
[use] forms completed by these students were analysed and a one-in-five sub-sample was interviewed .

Additionally application forms received between 1975–1980 were also analysed .
additionally [use] forms received between 1975–1980 were also analysed .

In a remarkable letter of application , he set out his reasons in detail .
in a remarkable letter of [use] , he set out his reasons in detail .

The method may also be applied to breaking rock or concrete on sites where the application of explosives would be impracticable or undesirable .
the method may also be applied to breaking rock or concrete on sites where the [use] of explosives would be impracticable or undesirable .

The most important application of copper was in the cladding of wooden ships , until it was realised that the iron bolts also used corroded rapidly ( galvanic reaction doubtless ) and in doing so affected the timbering , causing the loss of many important vessels .
the most important [use] of copper was in the cladding of wooden ships , until it was realised that the iron bolts also used corroded rapidly ( galvanic reaction doubtless ) and in doing so affected the timbering , causing the loss of many important vessels .

Upon application for help she was refused , and nothing was provided to bury her husband either .
upon [use] for help she was refused , and nothing was provided to bury her husband either .

In many societies , especially those in which healthy childspacing patterns have been traditional , the will to regulate fertility — at least by spacing — exists , and these patterns may be supported through the provision of modern means of family planning , the spread of relevant information , acceptance of its validity and its correct application .
in many societies , especially those in which healthy childspacing patterns have been traditional , the will to regulate fertility — at least by spacing — exists , and these patterns may be supported through the provision of modern means of family planning , the spread of relevant information , acceptance of its validity and its correct [use] .

However , religion , mores and institutions , low standards of health and education as well as many imponderables may impinge upon the application of such knowledge as the people possess and , in any case , may be barriers to change .
however , religion , mores and institutions , low standards of health and education as well as many imponderables may impinge upon the [use] of such knowledge as the people possess and , in any case , may be barriers to change .

Rational reproductive behaviour , supported by intelligent application of family planning techniques , will modify these demographic patterns and reduce their maleffects .
rational reproductive behaviour , supported by intelligent [use] of family planning techniques , will modify these demographic patterns and reduce their maleffects .

In other words , students move on to the next unit as soon as they have mastered the previous one , rather than spend their extra time unnecessarily on application of material just learned .
in other words , students move on to the next unit as soon as they have mastered the previous one , rather than spend their extra time unnecessarily on [use] of material just learned .

Le français fondamental is a great pioneering effort in the application of linguistics to language teaching .
le français fondamental is a great pioneering effort in the [use] of linguistics to language teaching .

They had articulate and powerful protectors — Ingard 's own application to develop the land had been turned down , and the planning authorities were wholly capable of turning down any other application they might not like .
they had articulate and powerful protectors — ingard 's own [use] to develop the land had been turned down , and the planning authorities were wholly capable of turning down any other [use] they might not like .

To our pleasant surprise we did not have long to wait before hearing that my application for transfer to Felixstowe had been successful .
to our pleasant surprise we did not have long to wait before hearing that my [use] for transfer to felixstowe had been successful .

In fact , before the end of our patrol he heard that his application had been successful .
in fact , before the end of our patrol he heard that his [use] had been successful .

Classical elasticity as developed in the nineteenth century assumed that the deformations caused on application of load were small ; in fact the linear relation between stress and strain , as defined above , can only be true for infinitesimal strains .
classical elasticity as developed in the nineteenth century assumed that the deformations caused on [use] of load were small ; in fact the linear relation between stress and strain , as defined above , can only be true for infinitesimal strains .

Whereas the discussion of strain and its measures involves kinematics only and may be conducted with no mention whatever of the forces that cause the deformation we must when considering stress involve ourselves in mechanics , that is , the nature of the forces operating on a system and the application of Newton 's laws ( we exclude in this discussion any relativistic effects ) .
whereas the discussion of strain and its measures involves kinematics only and may be conducted with no mention whatever of the forces that cause the deformation we must when considering stress involve ourselves in mechanics , that is , the nature of the forces operating on a system and the [use] of newton 's laws ( we exclude in this discussion any relativistic effects ) .

If the material is not at rest but under displacement u per unit time the equilibrium equation becomes by application of Newton 's second law .
if the material is not at rest but under displacement u per unit time the equilibrium equation becomes by [use] of newton 's second law .

We normally use rubber ( polyisoprene , polybutadiene or a similar polymer ) above its glass transition and have to cool it well below its normal temperature region of application to make it glassy .
we normally use rubber ( polyisoprene , polybutadiene or a similar polymer ) above its glass transition and have to cool it well below its normal temperature region of [use] to make it glassy .

While it is true to say that there is no simple relation of general application in the case of materials at large strains there are certain general principles which have been formulated by the theoreticians and which in particular cases lead to expressions capable of experimental test .
while it is true to say that there is no simple relation of general [use] in the case of materials at large strains there are certain general principles which have been formulated by the theoreticians and which in particular cases lead to expressions capable of experimental test .

As can be seen , in the isotropic case the irregularities of stress near the points of application of the load are smoothed out within about one lateral dimension , that is , the central part of the plate is under uniform stress .
as can be seen , in the isotropic case the irregularities of stress near the points of [use] of the load are smoothed out within about one lateral dimension , that is , the central part of the plate is under uniform stress .

It is appropriate at this point to discuss the possible `` program 's of stress or strain application .
it is appropriate at this point to discuss the possible `` program 's of stress or strain [use] .

Such programs may be for application of load , extension or strain or a combination of these .
such programs may be for [use] of load , extension or strain or a combination of these .

Moreover , the application of the barostat to long term recordings of colonic motility , may prove useful to assess other pathopysiological aspects of functional colonic disorders .
moreover , the [use] of the barostat to long term recordings of colonic motility , may prove useful to assess other pathopysiological aspects of functional colonic disorders .

Central to the application of these techniques in renewal tissues has been the isolation and maintenance ex vivo of progenitor or pluripotent stem cells , which by definition have the capacity for both self maintenance and for production of distinct functional cell lineages .
central to the [use] of these techniques in renewal tissues has been the isolation and maintenance ex vivo of progenitor or pluripotent stem cells , which by definition have the capacity for both self maintenance and for production of distinct functional cell lineages .

This phenomenon may be important in any application of enterocyte stem cell transplantation .
this phenomenon may be important in any [use] of enterocyte stem cell transplantation .

In order to obviate the criticism of increasing intraoesophageal pH being related to salivation , however , the present study has extended the application of simultaneous ambulatory oesophageal and gastric pH monitoring and enabled a valid correlation to be made between oesophageal and gastric alkalinisation .
in order to obviate the criticism of increasing intraoesophageal ph being related to salivation , however , the present study has extended the [use] of simultaneous ambulatory oesophageal and gastric ph monitoring and enabled a valid correlation to be made between oesophageal and gastric alkalinisation .

However , application of molecular biological techniques has recently uielded information regarding the molecular structure of these transport systems .
however , [use] of molecular biological techniques has recently uielded information regarding the molecular structure of these transport systems .

Yet another advance has been the application of molecular biological techniques to the study of gastrointestinal acid-base transport systems .
yet another advance has been the [use] of molecular biological techniques to the study of gastrointestinal acid-base transport systems .

This involved measurement of peak heights by scanning densitometry incorporating an arabinose internal standard to overcome errors of application .
this involved measurement of peak heights by scanning densitometry incorporating an arabinose internal standard to overcome errors of [use] .

With this in mind perhaps an emphasis needs to be placed on the more practical application of embalming and a greater value placed on course examinations and assessment .
with this in mind perhaps an emphasis needs to be placed on the more practical [use] of embalming and a greater value placed on course examinations and assessment .

The fee for this additional service has been currently fixed at £25 and will be payable by the tutor at the time of application .
the fee for this additional service has been currently fixed at £25 and will be payable by the tutor at the time of [use] .

The completed application form and required fees must be forwarded to the Foundation Test Secretary at least three weeks prior to the test date .
the completed [use] form and required fees must be forwarded to the foundation test secretary at least three weeks prior to the test date .

On application they literally digest smells by producing enzymes which attack the source of the odour , breaking it down for the bacteria to absorb .
on [use] they literally digest smells by producing enzymes which attack the source of the odour , breaking it down for the bacteria to absorb .

Application of human recombinant bFGF ( 1–100 µg/kg/hour subcutaneously ) failed to affect the formation of acute gastric lesions induced by 100 % ethanol and acidified aspirin but reduced the stress induced by gastric lesions .
[use] of human recombinant bfgf ( 1–100 µg/kg/hour subcutaneously ) failed to affect the formation of acute gastric lesions induced by 100 % ethanol and acidified aspirin but reduced the stress induced by gastric lesions .

These effects of bFGF have been documented with our modification of chronic gastric ulceration induced by serosal application of acetic acid that is now widely used in studies of the efficacy of various antiulcer drugs .
these effects of bfgf have been documented with our modification of chronic gastric ulceration induced by serosal [use] of acetic acid that is now widely used in studies of the efficacy of various antiulcer drugs .

The development and application of the ‘ flooding dose ’ technique to the measurement of protein synthesis is rapidly turning over tissues , such as tumour tissue , has facilitated a further evaluation of rates of protein synthesis in diseased tissues derived from patients with gastrointestinal pathology .
the development and [use] of the ‘ flooding dose ’ technique to the measurement of protein synthesis is rapidly turning over tissues , such as tumour tissue , has facilitated a further evaluation of rates of protein synthesis in diseased tissues derived from patients with gastrointestinal pathology .

In the period 1977–81 , reimbursement of the drug required an individual application from the physician in charge of the patient to the National Board of Health .
in the period 1977–81 , reimbursement of the drug required an individual [use] from the physician in charge of the patient to the national board of health .

This meant that reimbursement again required an individual application to the National Board of Health .
this meant that reimbursement again required an individual [use] to the national board of health .

The National Board of Health estimates that the use of peptic ulcer drugs without application for partial compensation amounts to some 10 % of the total use .
the national board of health estimates that the use of peptic ulcer drugs without [use] for partial compensation amounts to some 10 % of the total use .

The development of the in-can system that has led to the successful introduction of Canned Draught Guinness and Guinness Draught Bitter is a fine example of how the application of technology and innovation can produce outstanding results .
the development of the in-can system that has led to the successful introduction of canned draught guinness and guinness draught bitter is a fine example of how the [use] of technology and innovation can produce outstanding results .

Chaired by Michael Julien , it meets not less than three times annually to review the adequacy of the Group 's systems of internal control including those concerning the Group 's pension arrangements , the scope and findings of the external and internal auditors ' work , the half and full year financial statements prior to their submission to the Board , and the application of the Group 's accounting policies and any changes to financial reporting requirements .
chaired by michael julien , it meets not less than three times annually to review the adequacy of the group 's systems of internal control including those concerning the group 's pension arrangements , the scope and findings of the external and internal auditors ' work , the half and full year financial statements prior to their submission to the board , and the [use] of the group 's accounting policies and any changes to financial reporting requirements .

As is now notoriously well known , an application for preferment of almost any sort means the opening of a secret file .
as is now notoriously well known , an [use] for preferment of almost any sort means the opening of a secret file .

The working party , chaired by with and , has produced a report which recognises this is an option which has a limited but valuable application possible in the magistrates and county courts .
the working party , chaired by with and , has produced a report which recognises this is an option which has a limited but valuable [use] possible in the magistrates and county courts .

In considering the solicitors ' application the Legal Services Committee prepared a submission based on what it considered was the inadequacy of the advocacy and training proposals .
in considering the solicitors ' [use] the legal services committee prepared a submission based on what it considered was the inadequacy of the advocacy and training proposals .

Bidding and planning was rushed because the deadline for the application was very close .
bidding and planning was rushed because the deadline for the [use] was very close .

After some experience at the fluid level the design tends to fall into a pattern of application areas and sales volume begins to increase .
after some experience at the fluid level the design tends to fall into a pattern of [use] areas and sales volume begins to increase .

In 1988 the foster parents gave notice of their application to adopt the child .
in 1988 the foster parents gave notice of their [use] to adopt the child .

Two Kurds were injured , one seriously , in a fire inside their locked room at Harmondsworth detention centre near Heathrow airport a day after they were told their application for political asylum in Britain had failed .
two kurds were injured , one seriously , in a fire inside their locked room at harmondsworth detention centre near heathrow airport a day after they were told their [use] for political asylum in britain had failed .

The recent High Court decision in the Rose Theatre case indicates a restrictive approach to what is a ‘ sufficient interest ’ to permit an application for judicial review .
the recent high court decision in the rose theatre case indicates a restrictive approach to what is a ‘ sufficient interest ’ to permit an [use] for judicial review .

The court said that to import proportionality would ‘ create a monster that could quickly get out of control and cause widespread disruption of the many administrative processes that might attract its application ’ .
the court said that to import proportionality would ‘ create a monster that could quickly get out of control and cause widespread disruption of the many administrative processes that might attract its [use] ’ .

Property : Forward Planning : Making Proposals : Influencing the decision-makers : Allison Flight fills in the background to a planning application
property : forward planning : making proposals : influencing the decision-makers : allison flight fills in the background to a planning [use]

Finding out about an application : Under section 28 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 the planning authority — usually the local council — is supposed to advertise certain planning applications in the local newspaper .
finding out about an [use] : under section 28 of the town and country planning act 1971 the planning authority — usually the local council — is supposed to advertise certain planning applications in the local newspaper .

When the council receives a planning application it often consults people who might be affected such as neighbours , other residents and community groups .
when the council receives a planning [use] it often consults people who might be affected such as neighbours , other residents and community groups .

The consultation process usually takes the form of a letter describing the application and inviting you to come and look at a copy of the application and any drawings submitted with it .
the consultation process usually takes the form of a letter describing the [use] and inviting you to come and look at a copy of the [use] and any drawings submitted with it .

As a result of recent changes in the copyright laws , if you can not see the application at the council 's offices then you can ask the planning department to send you a copy of the application and the drawings .
as a result of recent changes in the copyright laws , if you can not see the [use] at the council 's offices then you can ask the planning department to send you a copy of the [use] and the drawings .

If there is a particular site for which you want to be kept informed of any future development , you can ask the planning department to tell you if it receives an application affecting it .
if there is a particular site for which you want to be kept informed of any future development , you can ask the planning department to tell you if it receives an [use] affecting it .

How to comment on a proposal : When you make observations on a planning application you should only comment on planning grounds .
how to comment on a proposal : when you make observations on a planning [use] you should only comment on planning grounds .

Be careful : if you were asked by the council to comment on the original application , it may only inform you of these new drawings if you specifically ask .
be careful : if you were asked by the council to comment on the original [use] , it may only inform you of these new drawings if you specifically ask .

The planning officer is an employee of the council who handles the application up to the point when it is put to the planning committee , made up of elected councillors , for a decision .
the planning officer is an employee of the council who handles the [use] up to the point when it is put to the planning committee , made up of elected councillors , for a decision .

There is a set time allowed for the council to receive comments on an application .
there is a set time allowed for the council to receive comments on an [use] .

Nevertheless , just because a lot of objections are received does not automatically mean an application will be refused .
nevertheless , just because a lot of objections are received does not automatically mean an [use] will be refused .

If you think your application will be unpopular ( such as a mini-cab office or a bed and breakfast hostel ) , you can ask the council for a ‘ personal ’ or ‘ limited period ’ planning permission , so the council can review the situation at a later date .
if you think your [use] will be unpopular ( such as a mini-cab office or a bed and breakfast hostel ) , you can ask the council for a ‘ personal ’ or ‘ limited period ’ planning permission , so the council can review the situation at a later date .

To influence the decision in your favour , contact the planning department to find out whether an application is to be heard at committee or dealt with under delegated powers .
to influence the decision in your favour , contact the planning department to find out whether an [use] is to be heard at committee or dealt with under delegated powers .

If there is an application you feel strongly about , find out the names of the councillors on the planning committee from the planning department or ‘ members ’ secretariat ' of the council .
if there is an [use] you feel strongly about , find out the names of the councillors on the planning committee from the planning department or ‘ members ’ secretariat ' of the council .

Write a letter stating your objections or support for the application and send a copy to every member as well as the chief planning officer .
write a letter stating your objections or support for the [use] and send a copy to every member as well as the chief planning officer .

Neither change nor stasis , in any sense we could possibly understand , can have any application to whatever it is we label ‘ God ’ .
neither change nor stasis , in any sense we could possibly understand , can have any [use] to whatever it is we label ‘ god ’ .

It was but a small step from this to the ‘ social gospel ’ : one started with an application of the Christian Gospel to evils in society and errors in politics .
it was but a small step from this to the ‘ social gospel ’ : one started with an [use] of the christian gospel to evils in society and errors in politics .

To many people , talk of greater denominational unity was nothing more than the application to religion of current political nostrums like collectivism or , worse , ‘ socialism ’ .
to many people , talk of greater denominational unity was nothing more than the [use] to religion of current political nostrums like collectivism or , worse , ‘ socialism ’ .

Positive stressing of the geometric square could be achieved by the application of negative forces .
positive stressing of the geometric square could be achieved by the [use] of negative forces .

Failures in the application of Functionalism have derived from an incorrect definition of ‘ live in ’ .
failures in the [use] of functionalism have derived from an incorrect definition of ‘ live in ’ .

Even so its application is not reserved to science and technology .
even so its [use] is not reserved to science and technology .

North told him not to be downhearted , ‘ that the one bright spot is that the government is availing itself of part of the money for application to Central America .
north told him not to be downhearted , ‘ that the one bright spot is that the government is availing itself of part of the money for [use] to central america .

Sometimes even junior Libyan officials dug their heels in on particular points of practical application of rules , and rejected all attempts by their colleagues and superiors to persuade , cajole , order , bully them into expediting business .
sometimes even junior libyan officials dug their heels in on particular points of practical [use] of rules , and rejected all attempts by their colleagues and superiors to persuade , cajole , order , bully them into expediting business .

He opened his eyes wider , struck with the forceful novelty of this application of such a difficult word , to himself .
he opened his eyes wider , struck with the forceful novelty of this [use] of such a difficult word , to himself .

The revolution has come about through the application of computer science .
the revolution has come about through the [use] of computer science .

Later an affadavit was presented to the High Court in London supporting an application by the foundation for injunctions freezing all Aberdour 's assets to be extended to any overseas holdings .
later an affadavit was presented to the high court in london supporting an [use] by the foundation for injunctions freezing all aberdour 's assets to be extended to any overseas holdings .

Mr Bond must surrender his passport to Mr Ramsay , who will consider any application from Mr Bond to travel overseas .
mr bond must surrender his passport to mr ramsay , who will consider any [use] from mr bond to travel overseas .

The application was for an injunction to stop Mr Woodall and his partner using the name ‘ champagne ’ , pending a full trial hearing .
the [use] was for an injunction to stop mr woodall and his partner using the name ‘ champagne ’ , pending a full trial hearing .

After the society refused his application he also failed in attempts to have his case taken up by the Building Societies Association and the insurance ombudsman .
after the society refused his [use] he also failed in attempts to have his case taken up by the building societies association and the insurance ombudsman .

Within 25 days of receiving the letter he completed an application for cover — endorsed by his doctor and employer — claiming the benefit .
within 25 days of receiving the letter he completed an [use] for cover — endorsed by his doctor and employer — claiming the benefit .

The clubs will wriggle like eels to try to get round whatever restrictions are formulated so the punishments for transgressions of the regulations have to be just as clearly defined as the crimes , and in their application those punishments have to come down as decisively as a guillotine .
the clubs will wriggle like eels to try to get round whatever restrictions are formulated so the punishments for transgressions of the regulations have to be just as clearly defined as the crimes , and in their [use] those punishments have to come down as decisively as a guillotine .

According to the application document , only homes which do not want to receive Channel 5 will be legally entitled to have their VCRs retuned free of charge by the licencee , who will have to settle the problem within three weeks of receiving a retuning request .
according to the [use] document , only homes which do not want to receive channel 5 will be legally entitled to have their vcrs retuned free of charge by the licencee , who will have to settle the problem within three weeks of receiving a retuning request .

Pedantic knowledge of the laws is one thing , sensible application quite another .
pedantic knowledge of the laws is one thing , sensible [use] quite another .

But it is believed funds were channelled through an unauthorised company , Wentworth Asset Management , which had let its application for Fimbra membership lapse .
but it is believed funds were channelled through an unauthorised company , wentworth asset management , which had let its [use] for fimbra membership lapse .

For similar reasons , the committee rejected an application that barristers employed by the Crown Prosecution Service and the Government Legal Service could be given extended rights of audience .
for similar reasons , the committee rejected an [use] that barristers employed by the crown prosecution service and the government legal service could be given extended rights of audience .

The Law Society , the body that governs 60,000 solicitors in England and Wales , submitted last April its application for more rights of audience to the committee .
the law society , the body that governs 60,000 solicitors in england and wales , submitted last april its [use] for more rights of audience to the committee .

It was in response to that application that the committee yesterday published its findings , which must now be digested by the Law Society before it formally applies to the Lord Chancellor for extended rights of audience .
it was in response to that [use] that the committee yesterday published its findings , which must now be digested by the law society before it formally applies to the lord chancellor for extended rights of audience .

The club have submitted an application for outline planning permission to Glasgow District Council following extensive feasibility studies .
the club have submitted an [use] for outline planning permission to glasgow district council following extensive feasibility studies .

And then that general principle of Equity , which began as the mere application of moral sense to particular cases , develops into more and more definite rules .
and then that general principle of equity , which began as the mere [use] of moral sense to particular cases , develops into more and more definite rules .

The rules of a society and the trusts which bind its property will , in many cases , fetter its freedom of action and the application of its property , in a way very similar to the restrictions which the doctrine of ultra vires imposes on a corporation ; and in the case of some unincorporated societies , such as registered Trade Unions and Friendly Societies , which have received a peculiar status by Statute , the rule of ultra vires has been held directly applicable .
the rules of a society and the trusts which bind its property will , in many cases , fetter its freedom of action and the [use] of its property , in a way very similar to the restrictions which the doctrine of ultra vires imposes on a corporation ; and in the case of some unincorporated societies , such as registered trade unions and friendly societies , which have received a peculiar status by statute , the rule of ultra vires has been held directly applicable .

Secondly , until 1926 , at law ( as opposed to equity ) no limited interests in chattels personal could be created — the notion of estates had no application to chattels personal till the Law of Property Act 1925 made it possible to create an entailed interest in them .
secondly , until 1926 , at law ( as opposed to equity ) no limited interests in chattels personal could be created — the notion of estates had no [use] to chattels personal till the law of property act 1925 made it possible to create an entailed interest in them .

Without any application to the court , the mortgagee , if his mortgage is a conveyance of the legal estate or ownership , may take possession ; but this course is hazardous , since he may be called upon in a redemption action to account strictly not only for profits actually received by him , but also for those which he might but for his default have received , and all such profits , so far as they exceed the interest due for the time being , must be set off against the principal .
without any [use] to the court , the mortgagee , if his mortgage is a conveyance of the legal estate or ownership , may take possession ; but this course is hazardous , since he may be called upon in a redemption action to account strictly not only for profits actually received by him , but also for those which he might but for his default have received , and all such profits , so far as they exceed the interest due for the time being , must be set off against the principal .

The duties of a trustee may be indefinitely varied by the terms of the instrument which creates the trust , and may range from a mere duty to make a legal conveyance to the beneficiary at his request , and in the meantime to permit him to possess and enjoy the property , to extensive and onerous duties of management , sale , investment , and application of capital and income .
the duties of a trustee may be indefinitely varied by the terms of the instrument which creates the trust , and may range from a mere duty to make a legal conveyance to the beneficiary at his request , and in the meantime to permit him to possess and enjoy the property , to extensive and onerous duties of management , sale , investment , and [use] of capital and income .

Although this principle was intended to apply to the Nazi-occupied territories of Europe , nationalists throughout the colonial world , particularly in India and Burma , demanded its application to all dependent peoples .
although this principle was intended to apply to the nazi-occupied territories of europe , nationalists throughout the colonial world , particularly in india and burma , demanded its [use] to all dependent peoples .

the formulation and general application of a unified Defence policy relating to the Armed Forces of the Crown as a whole and their requirements .
the formulation and general [use] of a unified defence policy relating to the armed forces of the crown as a whole and their requirements .

In 1981 , the fishing industry lobbied for changes in the Act , asserting that the goal of zero mortality would be satisfied by the ‘ application of safety techniques and equipment that are economically and technologically feasible .
in 1981 , the fishing industry lobbied for changes in the act , asserting that the goal of zero mortality would be satisfied by the ‘ [use] of safety techniques and equipment that are economically and technologically feasible .

The application to the wider community brings us to the purpose of our gathering in this place dedicated to unity .
the [use] to the wider community brings us to the purpose of our gathering in this place dedicated to unity .

Let me give a brief application .
let me give a brief [use] .

For Hobbes , however , though such ‘ histories ’ or lengthy records of experience are of great prudential value and interest , the application of his ratiocinative method does not demand them .
for hobbes , however , though such ‘ histories ’ or lengthy records of experience are of great prudential value and interest , the [use] of his ratiocinative method does not demand them .

But if it is not by any application of the resolutio-compositive method that we know that all causation is a matter of motion , how can we be sure that it is ?
but if it is not by any [use] of the resolutio-compositive method that we know that all causation is a matter of motion , how can we be sure that it is ?

’ Use of the explanatory framework provided by his ‘ indefinite ’ science , together with the application of the resolutio-compositive method to particular observed phenomena , can only result in a hypothesis about its unobserved generative causes .
’ use of the explanatory framework provided by his ‘ indefinite ’ science , together with the [use] of the resolutio-compositive method to particular observed phenomena , can only result in a hypothesis about its unobserved generative causes .

Having reached some understanding of Hobbes 's method in terms of its application in natural philosophy , we should recall that that subject , which deals with ‘ bodies natural ’ , is simply one part of philosophy as such , and not the only part to which the resolutio-compositive method is to be applied .
having reached some understanding of hobbes 's method in terms of its [use] in natural philosophy , we should recall that that subject , which deals with ‘ bodies natural ’ , is simply one part of philosophy as such , and not the only part to which the resolutio-compositive method is to be applied .

The ideas of morality are modes too , and Locke thinks that with proper application we could develop a systematic science of ethics similar to that of mathematics and geometry .
the ideas of morality are modes too , and locke thinks that with proper [use] we could develop a systematic science of ethics similar to that of mathematics and geometry .

The tail showed more application than the top of the order , and when Lamb was run out for 113 Jarvis and Dilley batted well to put on 53 for the last wicket .
the tail showed more [use] than the top of the order , and when lamb was run out for 113 jarvis and dilley batted well to put on 53 for the last wicket .

McLeish contemplated this system and its possible application to the Metropolitan police force and felt imagination boggle .
mcleish contemplated this system and its possible [use] to the metropolitan police force and felt imagination boggle .

The Rand Corporation , based in Santa Monica in California , pioneered the application of ‘ systems analysis ’ .
the rand corporation , based in santa monica in california , pioneered the [use] of ‘ systems analysis ’ .

Then General Dynamics used it to demonstrate a ground-based air defense application .
then general dynamics used it to demonstrate a ground-based air defense [use] .

Chairside 's president , Lee Zehrer , a trained dental hygenist , admits , ‘ it 's a fairly new application for dental offices . ’
chairside 's president , lee zehrer , a trained dental hygenist , admits , ‘ it 's a fairly new [use] for dental offices . ’

In the short run this new body is seen by the Commission as a useful means of delaying or diverting the application of countries such as Austria which want to belong to the inner core of the 12 European Community states .
in the short run this new body is seen by the commission as a useful means of delaying or diverting the [use] of countries such as austria which want to belong to the inner core of the 12 european community states .

An occasional application of lindane at a concentration of 2 per cent to kill headlice is certainly likely to be more effective than breaking their legs with a nit comb and avoids the discomfort of literally feeling lousy .
an occasional [use] of lindane at a concentration of 2 per cent to kill headlice is certainly likely to be more effective than breaking their legs with a nit comb and avoids the discomfort of literally feeling lousy .

The directives had no application to parliamentary proceedings or elections and allowed reported speech .
the directives had no [use] to parliamentary proceedings or elections and allowed reported speech .

Tony also suggests that the Luton ground , where Kenny Dalglish regularly enjoys a good wine , should have an Application Controlee .
tony also suggests that the luton ground , where kenny dalglish regularly enjoys a good wine , should have an [use] controlee .

Application forms must be in by Monday December 11 .
[use] forms must be in by monday december 11 .

Clare was let off the residential weekend which is a normal part of the selection process and was taken on the strength of her interview and written application .
clare was let off the residential weekend which is a normal part of the selection process and was taken on the strength of her interview and written [use] .

The application to join will be discussed today by the European Commission 's monetary committee of senior treasury officials .
the [use] to join will be discussed today by the european commission 's monetary committee of senior treasury officials .

Scottish , like other independent television companies recently , announced lower full-year profits yesterday , pulled down by reorganisation and licence application costs .
scottish , like other independent television companies recently , announced lower full-year profits yesterday , pulled down by reorganisation and licence [use] costs .

The franchise application bill , including £2m of ‘ golden handcuff ’ bonus payments to 20 or 30 executive staff , is reflected in a £4m extraordinary charge below the line — part of which was offset against Exchequer levy , which fell 30 p.c .
the franchise [use] bill , including £2m of ‘ golden handcuff ’ bonus payments to 20 or 30 executive staff , is reflected in a £4m extraordinary charge below the line — part of which was offset against exchequer levy , which fell 30 p.c .

More radical is the move towards ‘ object orientation , ’ which focuses on the thing being worked on instead of the application package , on the document , for example , instead of the word processor .
more radical is the move towards ‘ object orientation , ’ which focuses on the thing being worked on instead of the [use] package , on the document , for example , instead of the word processor .

There is a wealth of cheap software written especially for education , but standard application packages can be just as beneficial .
there is a wealth of cheap software written especially for education , but standard [use] packages can be just as beneficial .

Limits might be set for the amount of animal manure put on the land , and for inorganic fertiliser application , based on crop and soil types .
limits might be set for the amount of animal manure put on the land , and for inorganic fertiliser [use] , based on crop and soil types .

Nitrate application can be banned or severely controlled in areas where bore-holes will be particularly affected in the short term .
nitrate [use] can be banned or severely controlled in areas where bore-holes will be particularly affected in the short term .

He saw that the application of machine power to manufacture had enormously increased the capacity of one state to capture completely the internal market for manufactured goods in another state .
he saw that the [use] of machine power to manufacture had enormously increased the capacity of one state to capture completely the internal market for manufactured goods in another state .

In this context the application by the Conservative MEPs in April 1991 to join the European People 's party ( which is dominated by the German Christian Democrats ) and its official endorsement have given rise to concern .
in this context the [use] by the conservative meps in april 1991 to join the european people 's party ( which is dominated by the german christian democrats ) and its official endorsement have given rise to concern .

As is usual , bookings for holidays advertised in this brochure are accepted subject to the granting of licences by the Civil Aviation Authorities , to whom application has been made .
as is usual , bookings for holidays advertised in this brochure are accepted subject to the granting of licences by the civil aviation authorities , to whom [use] has been made .

We will establish a Renewable Energy Office to promote research , development and application , in particular of wave power , hot rocks geothermal energy , passive solar design of buildings , small-scale hydropower schemes and wind energy .
we will establish a renewable energy office to promote research , development and [use] , in particular of wave power , hot rocks geothermal energy , passive solar design of buildings , small-scale hydropower schemes and wind energy .

The great weight of evidence is that the employment of large numbers of professionals in an organisation poses ‘ problems ’ for the application of the bureaucratic or hierarchical management model .
the great weight of evidence is that the employment of large numbers of professionals in an organisation poses ‘ problems ’ for the [use] of the bureaucratic or hierarchical management model .

While rejecting the detailed application of management approaches from an industrial or commercial environment into schools , we should not fall into the belief that there is nothing to be learned from such experience — for in the right conditions there is . Those conditions would appear to be obvious but they are worth stating :
while rejecting the detailed [use] of management approaches from an industrial or commercial environment into schools , we should not fall into the belief that there is nothing to be learned from such experience — for in the right conditions there is . those conditions would appear to be obvious but they are worth stating :

That we look not for detailed application of single techniques in a piecemeal fashion , but rather that we look for the general developments from which we can build school specific approaches which translate the experience into usable school practice .
that we look not for detailed [use] of single techniques in a piecemeal fashion , but rather that we look for the general developments from which we can build school specific approaches which translate the experience into usable school practice .

The application of the five stages to the task illustrated would involve , firstly , the definition of the task .
the [use] of the five stages to the task illustrated would involve , firstly , the definition of the task .

Therefore , it can be seen that the application of the rational and political framework is a valuable way of identifying the underlying approach to budgeting in a school .
therefore , it can be seen that the [use] of the rational and political framework is a valuable way of identifying the underlying approach to budgeting in a school .

This was quite different from the detail initially proposed by Thomas and described in the patent application .
this was quite different from the detail initially proposed by thomas and described in the patent [use] .

Date of Application — 22nd April 1896 .
date of [use] — 22nd april 1896 .

Our Invention consists of an improvement on the Invention relating to lifts for transferring barges and other vessels from one level to another on canals and other waterways which forms the subject of a previous application for Letters Patent dated the 22nd April 1896 , No. 8501 .
our invention consists of an improvement on the invention relating to lifts for transferring barges and other vessels from one level to another on canals and other waterways which forms the subject of a previous [use] for letters patent dated the 22nd april 1896 , no. 8501 .

This increased as agriculture grew more intensive , and as the number of livestock and the application of fertilizer has been increased .
this increased as agriculture grew more intensive , and as the number of livestock and the [use] of fertilizer has been increased .

Another form of game which has become popular among teachers other than drama teachers has been ‘ simulation ’ , where elaborate game structures are set up usually involving a great deal of time and application in order to teach some specific subject-matter about the civic planning of motorways , starvation in the Third World or executive decision-making in industry .
another form of game which has become popular among teachers other than drama teachers has been ‘ simulation ’ , where elaborate game structures are set up usually involving a great deal of time and [use] in order to teach some specific subject-matter about the civic planning of motorways , starvation in the third world or executive decision-making in industry .

The drawing fee should include the fees for planning permission , if applicable ; and the Building Regulations full plans application ( but not the inspection fee ) .
the drawing fee should include the fees for planning permission , if applicable ; and the building regulations full plans [use] ( but not the inspection fee ) .

With the building trade in heavy recession , you may find builders approaching you once the council publishes brief details of your planning application ( if planning approval was necessary ) in the local press under the heading of Public Notices .
with the building trade in heavy recession , you may find builders approaching you once the council publishes brief details of your planning [use] ( if planning approval was necessary ) in the local press under the heading of public notices .

From day to day , this is limited to sweeping or vacuuming , with a spot application of seal should wear ever become evident ( in the domestic situation , this can often be as long as five years from the date of installation ) .
from day to day , this is limited to sweeping or vacuuming , with a spot [use] of seal should wear ever become evident ( in the domestic situation , this can often be as long as five years from the date of installation ) .

We 'll then send you full details and an application form .
we 'll then send you full details and an [use] form .

First , complete your Application Form and send it to us with your valuation fee .
first , complete your [use] form and send it to us with your valuation fee .

Remember , to ensure that you receive your free Great Escapes vouchers , use the special Application Form attached .
remember , to ensure that you receive your free great escapes vouchers , use the special [use] form attached .

Just complete the enclosed Multipoint Application Form and place it in the envelope , together with a cheque for a minimum of £1 .
just complete the enclosed multipoint [use] form and place it in the envelope , together with a cheque for a minimum of £1 .

Or simply transfer a sum from your existing Birmingham Midshires branch together with your completed Application Form .
or simply transfer a sum from your existing birmingham midshires branch together with your completed [use] form .

So return your Application Form today , and you can look forward to an easy , instant access to your money , anywhere in the country , seven days a week .
so return your [use] form today , and you can look forward to an easy , instant access to your money , anywhere in the country , seven days a week .

To apply for a First National Bank loan , fill in the application form opposite .
to apply for a first national bank loan , fill in the [use] form opposite .

Yes — Please indicate in the application form your current net income .
yes — please indicate in the [use] form your current net income .

Apply by completing the box at the bottom of the application form .
apply by completing the box at the bottom of the [use] form .

Sun Alliance hereby guarantee that as one of our policyholders , you will be accepted into the Personal Accident Plan — providing your application is posted by 14 June 1990 and you are permanently resident in England , Scotland , Wales , the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man .
sun alliance hereby guarantee that as one of our policyholders , you will be accepted into the personal accident plan — providing your [use] is posted by 14 june 1990 and you are permanently resident in england , scotland , wales , the channel islands or the isle of man .

And the age of the primary application should be at least 20 years .
and the age of the primary [use] should be at least 20 years .

You will be bound by them upon ( i ) signing an application for an Abbeylink Card of ( ii ) signing your Card or ( iii ) using your Card ( whichever occurs first ) .
you will be bound by them upon ( i ) signing an [use] for an abbeylink card of ( ii ) signing your card or ( iii ) using your card ( whichever occurs first ) .

Cards can not be jointly held although separate cards may be issued , on application , to individual holders of joint accounts provided that all joint holders of the account are authorised to operate the account alone .
cards can not be jointly held although separate cards may be issued , on [use] , to individual holders of joint accounts provided that all joint holders of the account are authorised to operate the account alone .

When your policy becomes due for renewal there will be no need to complete a fresh application and direct debit instruction .
when your policy becomes due for renewal there will be no need to complete a fresh [use] and direct debit instruction .

Simply complete the Application and Direct Debiting Instruction and return them with your Proposal Form or Renewal Notice .
simply complete the [use] and direct debiting instruction and return them with your proposal form or renewal notice .

First 2 instalments to be paid on submission of Esiplan 12 application i.e. £31.80 .
first 2 instalments to be paid on submission of esiplan 12 [use] i.e. £31.80 .

All you have to do is complete the Application Form , Declaration and Direct Debiting Instruction and return them to National Westminster Insurance Services Ltd. in the reply-paid-envelope provided .
all you have to do is complete the [use] form , declaration and direct debiting instruction and return them to national westminster insurance services ltd. in the reply-paid-envelope provided .

If you complete this section of the Application Form we can pay the life assurance benefit , subject to a maximum of £5,000 , to your nominated beneficiary provided he or she is over age 18 , immediately we receive official evidence of your death .
if you complete this section of the [use] form we can pay the life assurance benefit , subject to a maximum of £5,000 , to your nominated beneficiary provided he or she is over age 18 , immediately we receive official evidence of your death .

Take a look at the Application Form and if you can complete it — without qualification — Family Assurance Society guarantee to accept your application and assure your life for £750 immediately on receipt of your completed Application Form and Direct Debiting Instruction .
take a look at the [use] form and if you can complete it — without qualification — family assurance society guarantee to accept your [use] and assure your life for £750 immediately on receipt of your completed [use] form and direct debiting instruction .

The first step is to read the brochure , then complete the Application Form supplied and return it using the pre-paid envelope provided .
the first step is to read the brochure , then complete the [use] form supplied and return it using the pre-paid envelope provided .

All applications received will qualify for a free carriage clock which you will receive once your application has been accepted .
all applications received will qualify for a free carriage clock which you will receive once your [use] has been accepted .

So please do not delay returning your application .
so please do not delay returning your [use] .

If you do n't already bank with NatWest , take your completed form along to any of our branches , where our staff will be happy to talk to you about opening an account and discuss your loan application .
if you do n't already bank with natwest , take your completed form along to any of our branches , where our staff will be happy to talk to you about opening an account and discuss your loan [use] .

As a first step , complete the application form in the booklet and return it to us .
as a first step , complete the [use] form in the booklet and return it to us .

NatWest Home Improvement Loan Protector is automatically arranged for you unless you indicate otherwise on your loan application form ; there are no complicated proposal forms or medical examination .
natwest home improvement loan protector is automatically arranged for you unless you indicate otherwise on your loan [use] form ; there are no complicated proposal forms or medical examination .

The principal benefits and conditions are outlined on the application form and we will be happy to provide further details if required — ask your local NatWest branch if you would like more information .
the principal benefits and conditions are outlined on the [use] form and we will be happy to provide further details if required — ask your local natwest branch if you would like more information .

Simply fill in the application form and return it to your branch .
simply fill in the [use] form and return it to your branch .

If you are not yet a NatWest customer but would like a loan simply fill in the application form and call in at the branch of your choice where the staff will be pleased to discuss your needs .
if you are not yet a natwest customer but would like a loan simply fill in the [use] form and call in at the branch of your choice where the staff will be pleased to discuss your needs .

Simply indicate on the loan application form that you require cover .
simply indicate on the loan [use] form that you require cover .

Just complete the straightforward Application Form enclosed , and return it to NatWest Insurance Services in the reply-paid envelope provided .
just complete the straightforward [use] form enclosed , and return it to natwest insurance services in the reply-paid envelope provided .

Ease of application
ease of [use]

Details of the scale of commission payable in respect of this contract will be sent to you shortly after a firm application is made on your behalf .
details of the scale of commission payable in respect of this contract will be sent to you shortly after a firm [use] is made on your behalf .

At no time will the report be sent to us without your consent , but without the report we would be unable to proceed with your application .
at no time will the report be sent to us without your consent , but without the report we would be unable to proceed with your [use] .

Please amend the declaration on your Application if you wish to see any report before it is sent to us .
please amend the declaration on your [use] if you wish to see any report before it is sent to us .

Your application must be supported by the Rural Development Commission .
your [use] must be supported by the rural development commission .

application forms
[use] forms

The main way that people are selected today remains almost exclusively through a combination of the application form and the interview .
the main way that people are selected today remains almost exclusively through a combination of the [use] form and the interview .

Group 3 Send an application form , and or invite for interview .
group 3 send an [use] form , and or invite for interview .

To do this , study the application form carefully as well as the job description .
to do this , study the [use] form carefully as well as the job description .

It is merely the application of some basic rules of human behaviour that researchers have uncovered over the last hundred years or so .
it is merely the [use] of some basic rules of human behaviour that researchers have uncovered over the last hundred years or so .

To take advantage of this important Plan all you have to do is complete the enclosed application form , and return it in the reply-paid envelope provided .
to take advantage of this important plan all you have to do is complete the enclosed [use] form , and return it in the reply-paid envelope provided .

As one of the Bank 's valued customers your acceptance into the Plan is guaranteed provided that you are eligible and that you apply to join the Plan before the close date shown on your application form .
as one of the bank 's valued customers your acceptance into the plan is guaranteed provided that you are eligible and that you apply to join the plan before the close date shown on your [use] form .

As soon as your application is received you will be sent your policy to study at home without obligation .
as soon as your [use] is received you will be sent your policy to study at home without obligation .

Clearly , the American Express Card is something you should n't be without . Why not start by completing your application today ?
clearly , the american express card is something you should n't be without . why not start by completing your [use] today ?

To take advantage of this important Plan all you have to do is complete the enclosed Application Form and return it in the reply-paid envelope provided , or if you prefer , ring 0752 600400 for immediate cover .
to take advantage of this important plan all you have to do is complete the enclosed [use] form and return it in the reply-paid envelope provided , or if you prefer , ring 0752 600400 for immediate cover .

As one of the Bank 's valued customers your acceptance into the Plan is guaranteed provided you are eligible and that you apply to join the Plan before the close date shown on your Application Form .
as one of the bank 's valued customers your acceptance into the plan is guaranteed provided you are eligible and that you apply to join the plan before the close date shown on your [use] form .

Your cover will begin as soon as your telephone call or Application is received by Sun Alliance .
your cover will begin as soon as your telephone call or [use] is received by sun alliance .

Apply for Lloyds Bank Accident Cashguard before the close date shown on your Application Form , and these two handsome watches will be yours — entirely free .
apply for lloyds bank accident cashguard before the close date shown on your [use] form , and these two handsome watches will be yours — entirely free .

Ring 0752 600400 now for immediate cover or return this Application Form today while time is still on your side .
ring 0752 600400 now for immediate cover or return this [use] form today while time is still on your side .

And with SaverPlus 2001 , you do n't even need to undergo a medical examination if you can answer the simple questions on the Application satisfactorily .
and with saverplus 2001 , you do n't even need to undergo a medical examination if you can answer the simple questions on the [use] satisfactorily .

Simply complete the enclosed Application Form and return it in the reply-paid envelope , not forgetting to complete the Direct Debit Instruction .
simply complete the enclosed [use] form and return it in the reply-paid envelope , not forgetting to complete the direct debit instruction .

And , if we receive your completed Application before the close date , the free gift of your choice will be sent to you once your first month 's premium has been paid .
and , if we receive your completed [use] before the close date , the free gift of your choice will be sent to you once your first month 's premium has been paid .

Even after your Application has been accepted , you still have 14 days in which to review your Plan .
even after your [use] has been accepted , you still have 14 days in which to review your plan .

Please indicate on your Application Form whether you would like to receive free the Telephone Radio Alarm or Three-Piece Luggage Set shown overleaf .
please indicate on your [use] form whether you would like to receive free the telephone radio alarm or three-piece luggage set shown overleaf .

Details of the scale of commission payable in respect of this contract will be sent to you shortly after a firm application is made on your behalf .
details of the scale of commission payable in respect of this contract will be sent to you shortly after a firm [use] is made on your behalf .

At no time will the report be sent to us without your consent , but without the report we would be unable to proceed with your Application .
at no time will the report be sent to us without your consent , but without the report we would be unable to proceed with your [use] .

( Please amend the declaration on your Application if you wish to see any report before it is sent to us . )
( please amend the declaration on your [use] if you wish to see any report before it is sent to us . )

So let me lay before you my own ideas , most of which have come from the practical application of regression therapy with a wide variety of patients who came to consult me for an even wider variety of reasons .
so let me lay before you my own ideas , most of which have come from the practical [use] of regression therapy with a wide variety of patients who came to consult me for an even wider variety of reasons .

To join , simply complete and return your Hilton Club application which also accompanies my letter .
to join , simply complete and return your hilton club [use] which also accompanies my letter .

It became a matter for public debate , newspaper articles were written , television programmes made , and the London Evening Standard sponsored Simpson 's planning application to the City .
it became a matter for public debate , newspaper articles were written , television programmes made , and the london evening standard sponsored simpson 's planning [use] to the city .

Arty was sitting up in bed , his hair shining from a liberal application of something that looked and smelled like perfumed vaseline and came from a jar labelled Easi-Gro .
arty was sitting up in bed , his hair shining from a liberal [use] of something that looked and smelled like perfumed vaseline and came from a jar labelled easi-gro .

• Choose the right fryer for your application ; do n't buy solely on price .
• choose the right fryer for your [use] ; do n't buy solely on price .

Even though these treatments drive the chemicals into the timber to a much greater depth than surface application by spray or brush , the wood may not be completely impregnated , particularly in the heartwood , so that notches and ends cut on site after treatment must be dipped in preservative or touched up with a brush .
even though these treatments drive the chemicals into the timber to a much greater depth than surface [use] by spray or brush , the wood may not be completely impregnated , particularly in the heartwood , so that notches and ends cut on site after treatment must be dipped in preservative or touched up with a brush .

The methods of application are brushing , spraying and injection .
the methods of [use] are brushing , spraying and injection .

The technique in brush application should be to spread the liquid generously over the surface and onto cracks .
the technique in brush [use] should be to spread the liquid generously over the surface and onto cracks .

Suitable products and the exact extent of their application should be agreed with the local authority 's building control officer before the rebuilding work is commenced .
suitable products and the exact extent of their [use] should be agreed with the local authority 's building control officer before the rebuilding work is commenced .

Prior to their purchase of the building , the owner of the adjoining mill house had made two attempts to obtain permission from the local authority to change the use of the mill from industrial premises into a dwelling , but it was only with the current owners ' application of 1977 that planning permission for this change was granted .
prior to their purchase of the building , the owner of the adjoining mill house had made two attempts to obtain permission from the local authority to change the use of the mill from industrial premises into a dwelling , but it was only with the current owners ' [use] of 1977 that planning permission for this change was granted .

Glass-fibre quilt insulation was laid between them and , following the application of roofing felt , new timber roofing battens were fixed to accept the sound slates which had been salvaged from the original construction .
glass-fibre quilt insulation was laid between them and , following the [use] of roofing felt , new timber roofing battens were fixed to accept the sound slates which had been salvaged from the original construction .

It was believed that an Urban Development Grant might meet this need and Manchester City Council agreed to support the association 's application for this form of government assistance .
it was believed that an urban development grant might meet this need and manchester city council agreed to support the association 's [use] for this form of government assistance .

Manchester City Council supported an application for an Urban Development Grant of £300,000 .
manchester city council supported an [use] for an urban development grant of £300,000 .

The application of good practice is not enough .
the [use] of good practice is not enough .

There is a great deal of man 's inhumanity to man as evinced in the use of torture on political prisoners or the application of apartheid to other races .
there is a great deal of man 's inhumanity to man as evinced in the use of torture on political prisoners or the [use] of apartheid to other races .

( Application forms from Theresa Gray )
( [use] forms from theresa gray )

If there is anyone in your parish whom you think might be interested and suitable , perhaps you would draw their attention to these posts and encourage them to write to me for application forms and job description .
if there is anyone in your parish whom you think might be interested and suitable , perhaps you would draw their attention to these posts and encourage them to write to me for [use] forms and job description .

The club 's original application to the American authorities for his transfer had to be resubmitted and clearance has not yet arrived .
the club 's original [use] to the american authorities for his transfer had to be resubmitted and clearance has not yet arrived .

’ Later , in a chapter entitled ‘ The Application of Paint ’ it says that recent books on decoration have ‘ done more to debase the traditional approach to decoration than to further an appreciation of its subtleties ’ .
’ later , in a chapter entitled ‘ the [use] of paint ’ it says that recent books on decoration have ‘ done more to debase the traditional approach to decoration than to further an appreciation of its subtleties ’ .

His application was dismissed .
his [use] was dismissed .

The appellant appealed on grounds , not raised below , that the judge had no power under Order 5 , rule 5 to entertain an application by the defendant for enforcement against the appellant of the plaintiff 's judgment against the defendant and that any claim by the defendant against the appellant was statute barred .
the appellant appealed on grounds , not raised below , that the judge had no power under order 5 , rule 5 to entertain an [use] by the defendant for enforcement against the appellant of the plaintiff 's judgment against the defendant and that any claim by the defendant against the appellant was statute barred .

Accordingly the county court judge had no power under Order 5 , rule 5 to make the order by which , on the defendant 's application , the appellant was ordered to pay £861 .
accordingly the county court judge had no power under order 5 , rule 5 to make the order by which , on the defendant 's [use] , the appellant was ordered to pay £861 .

He was opening the case for the banks on the sixth day of the application by the district auditor to have the transactions ruled ultra vires — beyond the council 's legal powers .
he was opening the case for the banks on the sixth day of the [use] by the district auditor to have the transactions ruled ultra vires — beyond the council 's legal powers .

She also refused an application by the society for sequestration of the funds and assets of Trinity Students ' Union .
she also refused an [use] by the society for sequestration of the funds and assets of trinity students ' union .

However , these ‘ schemes of experience ’ are not invented ex nihilo but are disseminated through the commonsense knowledge shared by members of the life-world , so that members come to learn the relevant typifications and their meaning ( see Natanson 1970 ; for an application of these ideas see Brewer 1984a , b , 1988b ) .
however , these ‘ schemes of experience ’ are not invented ex nihilo but are disseminated through the commonsense knowledge shared by members of the life-world , so that members come to learn the relevant typifications and their meaning ( see natanson 1970 ; for an [use] of these ideas see brewer 1984a , b , 1988b ) .

This has been one of the central preoccupations of ethnographic police research , especially that inspired by phenomenology and ethnomethodology , and so apposite is policing to this focus that many theoreticians from within phenomenology and ethnomethodology have used it for the application of their ideas ( Cicourel 1968 ; Pollner 1987 ; Sacks 1972 ; Sudnow 1965 ) .
this has been one of the central preoccupations of ethnographic police research , especially that inspired by phenomenology and ethnomethodology , and so apposite is policing to this focus that many theoreticians from within phenomenology and ethnomethodology have used it for the [use] of their ideas ( cicourel 1968 ; pollner 1987 ; sacks 1972 ; sudnow 1965 ) .

Local knowledge is therefore one important influence on the application of the typification .
local knowledge is therefore one important influence on the [use] of the typification .

We have already noted how deviance is amplified upon the application of the gouger typification , so that the failure to apply it can result in a dissipation of deviance and an attempt to normalize the behaviour .
we have already noted how deviance is amplified upon the [use] of the gouger typification , so that the failure to apply it can result in a dissipation of deviance and an attempt to normalize the behaviour .

Each lawyer should be in full charge of case management of all application and appeals within his group , giving procedural advice to litigants in person , and , where necessary , providing summaries of the issues raised for the use of the judges .
each lawyer should be in full charge of case management of all [use] and appeals within his group , giving procedural advice to litigants in person , and , where necessary , providing summaries of the issues raised for the use of the judges .

No one denied litigants the right to prosecute their appeals in person , but deprived of the benefit of the assistance of counsel , it could take longer to hear and determine the application or appeal .
no one denied litigants the right to prosecute their appeals in person , but deprived of the benefit of the assistance of counsel , it could take longer to hear and determine the [use] or appeal .

The council is obliged to inform anyone who made observations on a planning application , if there is subsequently an appeal by written representations .
the council is obliged to inform anyone who made observations on a planning [use] , if there is subsequently an appeal by written representations .

To apply , get an application form from the improvement grants section of your council .
to apply , get an [use] form from the improvement grants section of your council .

To receive this help you will need to make an application to the council .
to receive this help you will need to make an [use] to the council .

The Vale , a moderne pub at Woodthorpe , Nottingham by Cecil Howitt , the favourite architect of the Home Brewery , was refused listing because it had been overly altered in 1968 , although Gedling Council managed to prevent the application of ‘ Victoriana ’ signage .
the vale , a moderne pub at woodthorpe , nottingham by cecil howitt , the favourite architect of the home brewery , was refused listing because it had been overly altered in 1968 , although gedling council managed to prevent the [use] of ‘ victoriana ’ signage .

Anyone can participate in summer schools , as no auditions are required , only completion of an application form .
anyone can participate in summer schools , as no auditions are required , only completion of an [use] form .

Obviously , sorting out the courses which are on offer can best be done by writing for the prospectus but with any application the question that will be of overriding importance is how you are going to finance your training .
obviously , sorting out the courses which are on offer can best be done by writing for the prospectus but with any [use] the question that will be of overriding importance is how you are going to finance your training .

Three-year and two-year diploma students should bear these figure in mind so they have some idea of what is going to be involved when they make an application for a further education grant to their local authority .
three-year and two-year diploma students should bear these figure in mind so they have some idea of what is going to be involved when they make an [use] for a further education grant to their local authority .

Application for a grant should be made at the same time as the application for an audition in order that you can be sure of your position should you be fortunate enough to be offered a place .
[use] for a grant should be made at the same time as the [use] for an audition in order that you can be sure of your position should you be fortunate enough to be offered a place .

On obtaining a prospectus and asking for an application form , you will find that every drama school will require an audition fee , and this can vary between £15 and £25 .
on obtaining a prospectus and asking for an [use] form , you will find that every drama school will require an audition fee , and this can vary between £15 and £25 .

It is in its form as a general theory of cognition that the behaviouristic approach is most clearly refutable , but from the general refutation we can refute its application to perception .
it is in its form as a general theory of cognition that the behaviouristic approach is most clearly refutable , but from the general refutation we can refute its [use] to perception .

It would not be too great a distortion of the facts to say that the main thrust of twentieth century sensory physiology has been to move the application of the doctrine of specific energies inwards from the sensory ending towards and into the cortex .
it would not be too great a distortion of the facts to say that the main thrust of twentieth century sensory physiology has been to move the [use] of the doctrine of specific energies inwards from the sensory ending towards and into the cortex .

You will then need to gather together the necessary things to make an application .
you will then need to gather together the necessary things to make an [use] .

The Environmental Health Officer will advise you of how many estimates you need to send with your application .
the environmental health officer will advise you of how many estimates you need to send with your [use] .

To make the formal application you will need to complete the forms given to you by your Environmental Health Officer .
to make the formal [use] you will need to complete the forms given to you by your environmental health officer .

Your Occupational Therapist will have written to the Environmental Health Officer to support your application and you will have had an initial test of resources .
your occupational therapist will have written to the environmental health officer to support your [use] and you will have had an initial test of resources .

The application forms should be submitted together with copies of the plans , building and planning approval and copies of the estimate .
the [use] forms should be submitted together with copies of the plans , building and planning approval and copies of the estimate .

You must have the approval of your landlord if you are making the application .
you must have the approval of your landlord if you are making the [use] .

The householder makes the application and he/she must also be elderly .
the householder makes the [use] and he/she must also be elderly .

Any one application must not exceed £1,000 and a maximum of three applications in three years can be made .
any one [use] must not exceed £1,000 and a maximum of three applications in three years can be made .

It may take them a little while , but it is important that you contact them to make a housing application and let them know of your needs .
it may take them a little while , but it is important that you contact them to make a housing [use] and let them know of your needs .

Check early on whether these will be allowed ; the information is normally contained in the details which accompany the application form .
check early on whether these will be allowed ; the information is normally contained in the details which accompany the [use] form .

Sikh competitors will , on prior application to the Chief Referee , be allowed to wear modified ritual headgear .
sikh competitors will , on prior [use] to the chief referee , be allowed to wear modified ritual headgear .

Their application is a matter of skill and timing and this is reflected in the attention they receive from the refereeing panel .
their [use] is a matter of skill and timing and this is reflected in the attention they receive from the refereeing panel .

Make sure at all times the boredom does not creep in and that there is a feeling of concentration and application to the task .
make sure at all times the boredom does not creep in and that there is a feeling of concentration and [use] to the task .

The benefits of this finish quoted by the makers are , that it does n't smell strongly during application and drying , and brushes are cleaned are cleaned up with water when the job is finished .
the benefits of this finish quoted by the makers are , that it does n't smell strongly during [use] and drying , and brushes are cleaned are cleaned up with water when the job is finished .

These days a credit card has universal application .
these days a credit card has universal [use] .

One good , strong application of a spirit-based mahogany strain was sufficient .
one good , strong [use] of a spirit-based mahogany strain was sufficient .

The rash application of strong antiseptic solutions to prevent or ward off infection is another rare cause of urethritis .
the rash [use] of strong antiseptic solutions to prevent or ward off infection is another rare cause of urethritis .

There are several ‘ anti-viral ’ products available but their topical application , recommended by several authorities , has yet to be shown to have any convincing therapeutic effect .
there are several ‘ anti-viral ’ products available but their topical [use] , recommended by several authorities , has yet to be shown to have any convincing therapeutic effect .

Application of ether or certain vital dyes to the ulcers both have their adherents but seem to have little effect on the natural course of the disease .
[use] of ether or certain vital dyes to the ulcers both have their adherents but seem to have little effect on the natural course of the disease .

In both men and women the first line of treatment is the application of substances to the warts .
in both men and women the first line of treatment is the [use] of substances to the warts .

One application of the benzene derivatives will hill all the adult lice and all the developing larvae as well .
one [use] of the benzene derivatives will hill all the adult lice and all the developing larvae as well .

Although the young lice inside the eggs are killed by this application , the nits will remain attached to the hairs firmly and a fine-toothed comb may be needed to detach them .
although the young lice inside the eggs are killed by this [use] , the nits will remain attached to the hairs firmly and a fine-toothed comb may be needed to detach them .

As the application deadline for inclusion on the congress agenda expired in February , hopes for an early return to international track and field competition may be premature .
as the [use] deadline for inclusion on the congress agenda expired in february , hopes for an early return to international track and field competition may be premature .

In fact , proper application of make-up with the correct tools of the trade is often the key .
in fact , proper [use] of make-up with the correct tools of the trade is often the key .

Land everywhere varies in its capacity to produce ; output depends on the type of soil and the climate , especially seasonal rainfall , and the limits of production are got by the highest standards of good husbandry … In its application to the land science must be related to inherent land potentialities .
land everywhere varies in its capacity to produce ; output depends on the type of soil and the climate , especially seasonal rainfall , and the limits of production are got by the highest standards of good husbandry … in its [use] to the land science must be related to inherent land potentialities .

It was the triumphant and majestic application of the techniques perfected by Joseph Paxton for the Crystal Palace ( 1851 ) , an arching rib-cage of iron to support a skin-covering of glass , admitting light but excluding the elements .
it was the triumphant and majestic [use] of the techniques perfected by joseph paxton for the crystal palace ( 1851 ) , an arching rib-cage of iron to support a skin-covering of glass , admitting light but excluding the elements .

Belgrave Chapel , a major landmark of Darwen , Lancashire . An application for demolition is being considered by the Department of the Environment
belgrave chapel , a major landmark of darwen , lancashire . an [use] for demolition is being considered by the department of the environment

Go and see the plans for any new development if they have been lodged as a formal application .
go and see the plans for any new development if they have been lodged as a formal [use] .

If the building was constructed in the last century , there is some possibility that the original planning application is still on file , complete with the architect 's original drawings .
if the building was constructed in the last century , there is some possibility that the original planning [use] is still on file , complete with the architect 's original drawings .

It is a good idea to get some of the conservation bodies to write to the Department of the Environment supporting the listing application as well , particularly the Georgian Group or Victorian Society if the building falls within their remit .
it is a good idea to get some of the conservation bodies to write to the department of the environment supporting the listing [use] as well , particularly the georgian group or victorian society if the building falls within their remit .

In determining the application , the planning committee must consider the contribution made by the building to the character of the area and whether its demolition would alter this .
in determining the [use] , the planning committee must consider the contribution made by the building to the character of the area and whether its demolition would alter this .

In such situations , the most vital point is to resist any kind of planning application for development that will fragment the grounds — for example , permission to build houses in a walled garden which can ( and will ) be sold off as a separate development .
in such situations , the most vital point is to resist any kind of planning [use] for development that will fragment the grounds — for example , permission to build houses in a walled garden which can ( and will ) be sold off as a separate development .

In such cases , a local planning committee has full power to reject the application and of course the Secretary of State can call a public inquiry .
in such cases , a local planning committee has full power to reject the [use] and of course the secretary of state can call a public inquiry .

Where the minister and elders of a church have decided to pursue an application for demolition , remember they may only have come to this decision as a last resort , perhaps having received advice that there was no possibility of alternative use .
where the minister and elders of a church have decided to pursue an [use] for demolition , remember they may only have come to this decision as a last resort , perhaps having received advice that there was no possibility of alternative use .

To put it in another way , when searching for a word which will revitalize an object , we pick a farfetched word , unusual at least in its given application , a word which is forced into service .
to put it in another way , when searching for a word which will revitalize an object , we pick a farfetched word , unusual at least in its given [use] , a word which is forced into service .

Simple application of a culture or scrapings of a mould to an exposed wound was an unsatisfactory business , and some sort of concentration of an active principle was needed .
simple [use] of a culture or scrapings of a mould to an exposed wound was an unsatisfactory business , and some sort of concentration of an active principle was needed .

Investigators in 1897 in Lyons , in 1908 in Vienna , repeatedly showed that various bacteria failed to grow or appeared to be destroyed in the vicinity of Penicillium moulds , but the practical application of this fact was elusive .
investigators in 1897 in lyons , in 1908 in vienna , repeatedly showed that various bacteria failed to grow or appeared to be destroyed in the vicinity of penicillium moulds , but the practical [use] of this fact was elusive .

Chain began working in the summer of 1938 on penicillin and pyocyanase , though by January 1939 , when an application for funds was made to the Medical Research Council , penicillin and ‘ actinomycetin ’ , an antibiotic which Waksman was studying , were mentioned .
chain began working in the summer of 1938 on penicillin and pyocyanase , though by january 1939 , when an [use] for funds was made to the medical research council , penicillin and ‘ actinomycetin ’ , an antibiotic which waksman was studying , were mentioned .

Application of the principle of competitive antagonism ( see Chapter 8 ) to the discovery of new drugs required some knowledge of the essential metabolic pathways in the infecting organism .
[use] of the principle of competitive antagonism ( see chapter 8 ) to the discovery of new drugs required some knowledge of the essential metabolic pathways in the infecting organism .

Many other substances were screened for antiviral activity and a few drugs with limited clinical application were found .
many other substances were screened for antiviral activity and a few drugs with limited clinical [use] were found .

The crystallization of enzymes , the invention of the electrical method called electrophoresis which separates molecules according to their size and their electric charge , the development of very high speed centrifuges in which the larger proteins are separated from smaller ones as they spin , and later the application of X-ray crystallography to large molecules have all contributed to progress .
the crystallization of enzymes , the invention of the electrical method called electrophoresis which separates molecules according to their size and their electric charge , the development of very high speed centrifuges in which the larger proteins are separated from smaller ones as they spin , and later the [use] of x-ray crystallography to large molecules have all contributed to progress .

It would take the form of a general application of the principle generally applied by national libraries , that of preserving the total literary output of the nation in question .
it would take the form of a general [use] of the principle generally applied by national libraries , that of preserving the total literary output of the nation in question .

As in Sonia 's case , the Home Office have turned down Prakesh 's application to stay in this country , saying her case has been fully considered , despite the fact that she has never been interviewed by any Home Office officials , and despite the fact that there are compassion circumstances to be considered .
as in sonia 's case , the home office have turned down prakesh 's [use] to stay in this country , saying her case has been fully considered , despite the fact that she has never been interviewed by any home office officials , and despite the fact that there are compassion circumstances to be considered .

The man took away the application form and the £12 fee .
the man took away the [use] form and the £12 fee .

Astonished , he asked her to put in his application anyway , to see what would happen .
astonished , he asked her to put in his [use] anyway , to see what would happen .

’ Debbie 's application for attendance allowance has already been squashed on the grounds that she knows the names of her mother , her sister and the Prime Minister .
’ debbie 's [use] for attendance allowance has already been squashed on the grounds that she knows the names of her mother , her sister and the prime minister .

Lord Justice Balcombe said it was unlikely that a pending court application by the mother , who is divorced from the children 's father , for access to her children would succeed .
lord justice balcombe said it was unlikely that a pending court [use] by the mother , who is divorced from the children 's father , for access to her children would succeed .

He also warned that a future application by the council for the children 's adoption against their mother 's wishes might succeed .
he also warned that a future [use] by the council for the children 's adoption against their mother 's wishes might succeed .

Nottingham Forest Football Club was yesterday cleared of racial discrimination after an Afro-Caribbean group had alleged an application to hold a pop concert at the club 's stadium was rejected on race grounds .
nottingham forest football club was yesterday cleared of racial discrimination after an afro-caribbean group had alleged an [use] to hold a pop concert at the club 's stadium was rejected on race grounds .

November : Initial application for a licence submitted by the partnership .
november : initial [use] for a licence submitted by the partnership .

May : Full and formal application for a licence by Barlow Clowes .
may : full and formal [use] for a licence by barlow clowes .

Lord Justice Watkins and Mr Justice Garland , sitting in the High Court , dismissed Mr Green 's application to quash the ruling , made in May by Mr Ronald Bartle , a Bow Street stipendiary magistrate .
lord justice watkins and mr justice garland , sitting in the high court , dismissed mr green 's [use] to quash the ruling , made in may by mr ronald bartle , a bow street stipendiary magistrate .

The judge said the case did not mark a sharp change in government policy , and emphasised it was not to be regarded of general application by planning authorities around the country .
the judge said the case did not mark a sharp change in government policy , and emphasised it was not to be regarded of general [use] by planning authorities around the country .

Xerox further claims that Apple copied substantial portions of its Lisa and Macintosh Finder programs , including the design and appearance of the main application windows , dialogue boxes and menu , and some of the icons used .
xerox further claims that apple copied substantial portions of its lisa and macintosh finder programs , including the design and appearance of the main [use] windows , dialogue boxes and menu , and some of the icons used .

People of independent means with assets exceeding £150,000 and an annual income exceeding £15,000 per year who have a close connection with Britain can make an application .
people of independent means with assets exceeding £150,000 and an annual income exceeding £15,000 per year who have a close connection with britain can make an [use] .

Market demand for it has been much higher than expected and there is n't the manufacturing capacity to build both four and five-speeds for the same application .
market demand for it has been much higher than expected and there is n't the manufacturing capacity to build both four and five-speeds for the same [use] .

Mid-region performance is strong and acceleration only begins to tail off above 120mph , but the Chrysler engine lacks ultimate finesse at high revs , becoming noisy and slightly strained , while the power delivery is too often spoiled by a hesitation or jerk after a sudden lift-off or application of power .
mid-region performance is strong and acceleration only begins to tail off above 120mph , but the chrysler engine lacks ultimate finesse at high revs , becoming noisy and slightly strained , while the power delivery is too often spoiled by a hesitation or jerk after a sudden lift-off or [use] of power .

He applied for the first chair and then thought better of it and withdrew the application ; refused to apply for the second despite the supplications of Cambridge friends ; and finally applied for the third , the chair of primacy , the regius chair made vacant by the retirement of Charles Raven .
he applied for the first chair and then thought better of it and withdrew the [use] ; refused to apply for the second despite the supplications of cambridge friends ; and finally applied for the third , the chair of primacy , the regius chair made vacant by the retirement of charles raven .

Application of marketing ideas in an international context
[use] of marketing ideas in an international context

4 Application of marketing ideas in an international context
4 [use] of marketing ideas in an international context

Electrical household goods may be unsuitable for many countries , for example , but the application of a creative marketing process may lead to alternative inexpensive , manually operated machinery being developed which can be both produced easily and suit the needs of the population .
electrical household goods may be unsuitable for many countries , for example , but the [use] of a creative marketing process may lead to alternative inexpensive , manually operated machinery being developed which can be both produced easily and suit the needs of the population .

innovation flows from the application of theoretical knowledge , not from random invention ;
innovation flows from the [use] of theoretical knowledge , not from random invention ;

But strange people , outcasts from public cinemas , can become members of the National Film Theatre by anonymous postal application .
but strange people , outcasts from public cinemas , can become members of the national film theatre by anonymous postal [use] .

Conran , whose own highly successful application of design to a flourishing business speaks for itself , explodes the myth that it is a mystical process , largely to do with aesthetic qualities dreamed up by artistic types with a special vision denied to most of us .
conran , whose own highly successful [use] of design to a flourishing business speaks for itself , explodes the myth that it is a mystical process , largely to do with aesthetic qualities dreamed up by artistic types with a special vision denied to most of us .

But Conran claims that it was the application of the commonsense element of design that was primarily responsible for the retail group 's eventual runaway success .
but conran claims that it was the [use] of the commonsense element of design that was primarily responsible for the retail group 's eventual runaway success .

And now we have come up before the beak for a second wigging , because on the application of one of our own citizens we are accused of ‘ degrading treatment or punishment ’ inflicted in the Isle of Man .
and now we have come up before the beak for a second wigging , because on the [use] of one of our own citizens we are accused of ‘ degrading treatment or punishment ’ inflicted in the isle of man .

This was largely the result of the application of khozraschet and the transference of funds for adult education to local budgets .
this was largely the result of the [use] of khozraschet and the transference of funds for adult education to local budgets .

Both were subject to easily measured norms , timetables and co-ordinated planning : therefore of all systems they seemed to be the most suitable for the immediate application of Taylorism and what Lenin called ‘ the precision of clockwork ’ .
both were subject to easily measured norms , timetables and co-ordinated planning : therefore of all systems they seemed to be the most suitable for the immediate [use] of taylorism and what lenin called ‘ the precision of clockwork ’ .

Dzerzhinsky was also a strong advocate for the application of khozraschet , although he understood the peculiar difficulties of nation-wide utilities in this respect .
dzerzhinsky was also a strong advocate for the [use] of khozraschet , although he understood the peculiar difficulties of nation-wide utilities in this respect .

The general view has been that theoria is the engine driving the historical development of science and that praxis is merely the application of theoria .
the general view has been that theoria is the engine driving the historical development of science and that praxis is merely the [use] of theoria .

The application form asks if you require adaptations , and you must say what you need and why .
the [use] form asks if you require adaptations , and you must say what you need and why .

This ‘ elastokinematic ’ response is also claimed to help stability when the car undergoes longitudinal accelerations , such as under heavy application of the brakes , by creating a larger castor angle .
this ‘ elastokinematic ’ response is also claimed to help stability when the car undergoes longitudinal accelerations , such as under heavy [use] of the brakes , by creating a larger castor angle .

So here , too , is a noisy engine , but in this application its workmanlike character is not inappropriate .
so here , too , is a noisy engine , but in this [use] its workmanlike character is not inappropriate .

‘ Social evolution ’ and its application to modern English society were already in Eliot 's mind .
‘ social evolution ’ and its [use] to modern english society were already in eliot 's mind .

He invokes Burke in his opposition to a priori politics and to the application of systematic and abstract schemes and policies .
he invokes burke in his opposition to a priori politics and to the [use] of systematic and abstract schemes and policies .

If an employee has forgotten his or her number , they should phone the Contributions Unit at the nearest local Social Security office for an application form .
if an employee has forgotten his or her number , they should phone the contributions unit at the nearest local social security office for an [use] form .

Thus to have application to race the theories of Hegel and Freud must undergo radical critique and transformation ; with some of Freud 's followers , it is even the case of first having to discredit an overtly racist psychiatry ( see e.g .
thus to have [use] to race the theories of hegel and freud must undergo radical critique and transformation ; with some of freud 's followers , it is even the case of first having to discredit an overtly racist psychiatry ( see e.g .

‘ As things stand Mr Patten is minded to turn down the application , but there will be a 21-day stay of execution for appeals . ’
‘ as things stand mr patten is minded to turn down the [use] , but there will be a 21-day stay of execution for appeals . ’

has deduced from safety inspections over the past six years that models from Audi/VW , Saab , Vauxhall and Volvo are ‘ clear leaders , showing an across-the-range application of thoughtful protective safety and design ’ .
has deduced from safety inspections over the past six years that models from audi/vw , saab , vauxhall and volvo are ‘ clear leaders , showing an across-the-range [use] of thoughtful protective safety and design ’ .

Switch is likely to resist any such application .
switch is likely to resist any such [use] .

‘ His understanding of the application of modern information technology solutions to complex business problems will be of particular benefit .
‘ his understanding of the [use] of modern information technology solutions to complex business problems will be of particular benefit .

The Department of Employment has now agreed and is processing her application .
the department of employment has now agreed and is processing her [use] .

An application for a judicial review of an inquest on three fishermen drowned when their vessel foundered in the Irish Sea in September 1988 will be lodged in the High Court in London today .
an [use] for a judicial review of an inquest on three fishermen drowned when their vessel foundered in the irish sea in september 1988 will be lodged in the high court in london today .

It is withdrawing its application to build the Biotechnikum at its Basle works .
it is withdrawing its [use] to build the biotechnikum at its basle works .

The major areas of application that are covered by Polygen/Molecular Simulations are as follows :
the major areas of [use] that are covered by polygen/molecular simulations are as follows :

The application of quantum mechanical methods to the understanding of molecular properties requires a detailed algorithm or program to translate the maths into an instruction suitable for a digital computer .
the [use] of quantum mechanical methods to the understanding of molecular properties requires a detailed algorithm or program to translate the maths into an instruction suitable for a digital computer .

Products are always tested to conform to standard specifications ( as printed in the catalogue ) , but if there are specific analytical needs , they will gladly perform custom analyses , ensuring that the product will work for a particular application .
products are always tested to conform to standard specifications ( as printed in the catalogue ) , but if there are specific analytical needs , they will gladly perform custom analyses , ensuring that the product will work for a particular [use] .

He would have been well acquainted with the Northumberland gardens at Sion House by the Thames ( originally laid out by the Duke of Somerset in the sixteenth century ) and supported an application by William Forsyth , one of his most promising pupils at Chelsea , for the appointment as head gardener there .
he would have been well acquainted with the northumberland gardens at sion house by the thames ( originally laid out by the duke of somerset in the sixteenth century ) and supported an [use] by william forsyth , one of his most promising pupils at chelsea , for the appointment as head gardener there .

Western Europe began to show signs of real recovery during 1948 , made possible by the proper application of the benefits of ‘ Marshall Aid ’ .
western europe began to show signs of real recovery during 1948 , made possible by the proper [use] of the benefits of ‘ marshall aid ’ .

Advice was available from the socio-economic advisers of the Advisory Services but training might well be provided in the techniques of grant application , building skills for ‘ kit ’ house erection , and on the detailed legal , financial and management problems of handing over the farm .
advice was available from the socio-economic advisers of the advisory services but training might well be provided in the techniques of grant [use] , building skills for ‘ kit ’ house erection , and on the detailed legal , financial and management problems of handing over the farm .

There was no application for bail during the nine-minute hearing .
there was no [use] for bail during the nine-minute hearing .

There are a number of factors which suggest that the rate of application of new technology will be slow in hill farming .
there are a number of factors which suggest that the rate of [use] of new technology will be slow in hill farming .

This entails not only familiarity with the instrumentation used and experience in application of the method but also an appreciation of the basics of analysis — calibration , control of contamination , the proper use of blanks , sample preservation etc .
this entails not only familiarity with the instrumentation used and experience in [use] of the method but also an appreciation of the basics of analysis — calibration , control of contamination , the proper use of blanks , sample preservation etc .

Jackson agreed , saying that a regulation only gave the illusion of application and that a directive ‘ gives national flexibility which is very necessary ’ .
jackson agreed , saying that a regulation only gave the illusion of [use] and that a directive ‘ gives national flexibility which is very necessary ’ .

The code is aimed at all those involved in the use of nonagricultural pesticides , including those engaged in amenity horticulture , wood preservation , the application of anti-fouling paints , public hygiene pest control and commercial forestry .
the code is aimed at all those involved in the use of nonagricultural pesticides , including those engaged in amenity horticulture , wood preservation , the [use] of anti-fouling paints , public hygiene pest control and commercial forestry .

Solent Diagnostics has introduced a new non greasy , non toxic , barrier cream skin protection product that will give full protection for four hours with one application .
solent diagnostics has introduced a new non greasy , non toxic , barrier cream skin protection product that will give full protection for four hours with one [use] .

Time and time again it is made clear that many of Dan 's great exploits are only possible because of the application of science .
time and time again it is made clear that many of dan 's great exploits are only possible because of the [use] of science .

the continuous application of science and technology will produce a ‘ better tomorrow ’ .
the continuous [use] of science and technology will produce a ‘ better tomorrow ’ .

Scientists are also concerned that pest and disease populations may develop resistance to chemicals , or that the application of some chemicals may cause environmental damage .
scientists are also concerned that pest and disease populations may develop resistance to chemicals , or that the [use] of some chemicals may cause environmental damage .

Whereas biological control must be central to organic farming systems , the major potential application appears to be as a component of integrated farming systems which use limited amounts of chemical pesticides .
whereas biological control must be central to organic farming systems , the major potential [use] appears to be as a component of integrated farming systems which use limited amounts of chemical pesticides .

Similarly , the application of linear sweep voltammetry to the simultaneous determination of hypoxanthine , xanthine and uric acid must be attractive to those investigating xanthine oxidase inhibitors and other urate-lowering drugs .
similarly , the [use] of linear sweep voltammetry to the simultaneous determination of hypoxanthine , xanthine and uric acid must be attractive to those investigating xanthine oxidase inhibitors and other urate-lowering drugs .

Could there be an application for the observation that most methylated purines give neither a peak nor an inflexion on cathodic stripping voltammetry ?
could there be an [use] for the observation that most methylated purines give neither a peak nor an inflexion on cathodic stripping voltammetry ?

This latest book from the Society has a broader content : as the preface states , it is directed specifically to the organic chemistry and application of dyes and pigments and to the auxiliaries used with them in textile coloration processes .
this latest book from the society has a broader content : as the preface states , it is directed specifically to the organic chemistry and [use] of dyes and pigments and to the auxiliaries used with them in textile coloration processes .

The book thus seeks to explain the application of these colorants in terms of their organic chemistry .
the book thus seeks to explain the [use] of these colorants in terms of their organic chemistry .

There are good , consistent treatments of the synthesis and properties of the main chemical classes of colorants ( chapters 4–7 ) , but an especially appealing chapter is chapter 3 , in which the structure of dye molecules is related to everyday dyeing practicalities , such as colour application and colour fastness .
there are good , consistent treatments of the synthesis and properties of the main chemical classes of colorants ( chapters 4–7 ) , but an especially appealing chapter is chapter 3 , in which the structure of dye molecules is related to everyday dyeing practicalities , such as colour [use] and colour fastness .

The application performance of pigments is extensively governed by their physical properties , and it is unfortunate that this relation is not highlighted .
the [use] performance of pigments is extensively governed by their physical properties , and it is unfortunate that this relation is not highlighted .

Volume 2 deals with auxiliaries : these substances , derived from a vast range of chemical types , assist the application of dyes and are very often vital ingredients of dye-baths .
volume 2 deals with auxiliaries : these substances , derived from a vast range of chemical types , assist the [use] of dyes and are very often vital ingredients of dye-baths .

The application chapters also have some surprises .
the [use] chapters also have some surprises .

The final programme and application form are now available from Mrs Angela Fish
the final programme and [use] form are now available from mrs angela fish

In this paper particular mention has been made of the application of Cognitive–Behaviour Therapy to depression .
in this paper particular mention has been made of the [use] of cognitive–behaviour therapy to depression .

The modern ‘ clean break ’ approach has its roots in the nineteenth century which with varying degrees of application has continued throughout the twentieth century ( Triseliotis , 1989 ) .
the modern ‘ clean break ’ approach has its roots in the nineteenth century which with varying degrees of [use] has continued throughout the twentieth century ( triseliotis , 1989 ) .

Of course , the possibility that an agreement can be reached with birth parents not to contest an adoption application on the promise of built-in contact is not enough by itself .
of course , the possibility that an agreement can be reached with birth parents not to contest an adoption [use] on the promise of built-in contact is not enough by itself .

By 782 , in response to this increased formalising and application of militant Christianity , Wittikind returned again from his refuge in pagan Denmark and summoned the northern tribes to revolt .
by 782 , in response to this increased formalising and [use] of militant christianity , wittikind returned again from his refuge in pagan denmark and summoned the northern tribes to revolt .

There are a number of obvious problems with the application of this rule , since its interpretation varies from person to person .
there are a number of obvious problems with the [use] of this rule , since its interpretation varies from person to person .

Most of New Zealand 's electricity is produced hydro-electrically and New Zealand is also at the forefront of geothermal energy utilisation where steam and hot water are used to generate electricity and also for direct industrial application .
most of new zealand 's electricity is produced hydro-electrically and new zealand is also at the forefront of geothermal energy utilisation where steam and hot water are used to generate electricity and also for direct industrial [use] .

One such plant has operated at Laredello near Florence since 1905 while the largest present application is at Geysers Falls , California .
one such plant has operated at laredello near florence since 1905 while the largest present [use] is at geysers falls , california .

Drilling down to where rocks are at high temperatures , excavating a large cavity , then pumping down a fluid which could be vaporised and used to generate electricity , could give geothermal energy a wide application but involves the development of new technology .
drilling down to where rocks are at high temperatures , excavating a large cavity , then pumping down a fluid which could be vaporised and used to generate electricity , could give geothermal energy a wide [use] but involves the development of new technology .

She had not achieved her present status purely through luck and application .
she had not achieved her present status purely through luck and [use] .

Enterprises that needed foreign exchange to pay for imports or for other purposes were then to make application to the banks , which were to determine the amount of each enterprise 's ‘ socially verified needs ’ , based on its use of foreign exchange in the previous year and its export performance in that year .
enterprises that needed foreign exchange to pay for imports or for other purposes were then to make [use] to the banks , which were to determine the amount of each enterprise 's ‘ socially verified needs ’ , based on its use of foreign exchange in the previous year and its export performance in that year .

This week Mrs Weber 's lawyers lodged the 18th application for her release on bail , and received the 18th refusal .
this week mrs weber 's lawyers lodged the 18th [use] for her release on bail , and received the 18th refusal .

In order to hamper his wife 's objections to his custody application , Mr Perrot apparently tried to blackmail his mother-in-law .
in order to hamper his wife 's objections to his custody [use] , mr perrot apparently tried to blackmail his mother-in-law .

Last November the executive committee turned down North Down 's application .
last november the executive committee turned down north down 's [use] .

In a written application for the review , lawyers said the decision to slaughter was made ‘ despite a significant lack of evidence of a connection between the food poisoning outbreak in Bedworth and the monastery ’ .
in a written [use] for the review , lawyers said the decision to slaughter was made ‘ despite a significant lack of evidence of a connection between the food poisoning outbreak in bedworth and the monastery ’ .

The Divisional Court dismissed a general medical practitioner 's application for judicial review of the Health Secretary 's decision that Coventry Family Practitioners ' Committee acted within its powers and duties in imposing a condition on the doctor 's use of the BMA/Air Call Deputising Service .
the divisional court dismissed a general medical practitioner 's [use] for judicial review of the health secretary 's decision that coventry family practitioners ' committee acted within its powers and duties in imposing a condition on the doctor 's use of the bma/air call deputising service .

Gosta Gahrton , a member of the Nobel Assembly , said the clinical application of the discovery was still being explored , but he predicted that ‘ an enormous field will be opened .
gosta gahrton , a member of the nobel assembly , said the clinical [use] of the discovery was still being explored , but he predicted that ‘ an enormous field will be opened .

Another question is whether the criminal law ought not to be wider in its application to activities which carry some risk of causing death than in other spheres .
another question is whether the criminal law ought not to be wider in its [use] to activities which carry some risk of causing death than in other spheres .

This may be seen as an application of the principle of fair labelling .
this may be seen as an [use] of the principle of fair labelling .

By the Infanticide Act 1922 Parliament mitigated the application of the law of murder to mothers who killed their new-born babies whilst suffering from the effects of childbirth .
by the infanticide act 1922 parliament mitigated the [use] of the law of murder to mothers who killed their new-born babies whilst suffering from the effects of childbirth .

intent or recklessness as to the application of some unlawful force to another .
intent or recklessness as to the [use] of some unlawful force to another .

In simple terms , battery is the application of unlawful force to another person , whereas assault consists of causing another person to apprehend or expect the application of unlawful force .
in simple terms , battery is the [use] of unlawful force to another person , whereas assault consists of causing another person to apprehend or expect the [use] of unlawful force .

The essence of a battery is the application of any unlawful force to another .
the essence of a battery is the [use] of any unlawful force to another .

There is no clear decision on whether battery can be committed by the indirect application of force by digging a hole into which people subsequently fall , for example , but there are judicial statements in favour of including indirect force .
there is no clear decision on whether battery can be committed by the indirect [use] of force by digging a hole into which people subsequently fall , for example , but there are judicial statements in favour of including indirect force .

The essence of the crime of assault , as distinct from battery , is that it involves an apprehension of the immediate application of unlawful force .
the essence of the crime of assault , as distinct from battery , is that it involves an apprehension of the immediate [use] of unlawful force .

It is unclear whether battery can be committed by omission , but it is certainly possible to convict of battery someone who accidentally causes the unlawful application of force to another and then intentionally desists from stopping that application of force .
it is unclear whether battery can be committed by omission , but it is certainly possible to convict of battery someone who accidentally causes the unlawful [use] of force to another and then intentionally desists from stopping that [use] of force .

Both evidence and conclusions were of dubious general application .
both evidence and conclusions were of dubious general [use] .

The regional training manager at Leamington , Keith Sanderson , made no apologies for a ‘ somewhat lengthy application procedure for anyone wishing to become a guide dog mobility instructor .
the regional training manager at leamington , keith sanderson , made no apologies for a ‘ somewhat lengthy [use] procedure for anyone wishing to become a guide dog mobility instructor .

Work is at around 2.5mph and the system saves about two-thirds of chemical compared with overall application .
work is at around 2.5mph and the system saves about two-thirds of chemical compared with overall [use] .

What is needed for all application techniques is an accurate , low-cost method of setting and maintaining the spread rate .
what is needed for all [use] techniques is an accurate , low-cost method of setting and maintaining the spread rate .

Table 1 : Comparison of the number of working days on which slurry application machines could n't be used because the ground was too wet .
table 1 : comparison of the number of working days on which slurry [use] machines could n't be used because the ground was too wet .

Table 2 : Comparison of slurry application times for tanker and umbilical injection equipment with conventional surface application , operating in a 10ha field situated 500m from slurry store .
table 2 : comparison of slurry [use] times for tanker and umbilical injection equipment with conventional surface [use] , operating in a 10ha field situated 500m from slurry store .

The vibrator , too , might well have some other application like soothing a dog 's or an old lady 's rheumatic shoulder .
the vibrator , too , might well have some other [use] like soothing a dog 's or an old lady 's rheumatic shoulder .

Generous application of whitewash outside , shining fresh paint within of a drab depressing colour .
generous [use] of whitewash outside , shining fresh paint within of a drab depressing colour .

‘ In that case , will you be forwarding my application to join either the Parachute School or the Independent Companies ? ’
‘ in that case , will you be forwarding my [use] to join either the parachute school or the independent companies ? ’

The laws of cause and effect , which appear to operate so consistently in the physical world , seem to have no such application in the world of metaphysics .
the laws of cause and effect , which appear to operate so consistently in the physical world , seem to have no such [use] in the world of metaphysics .

The first , having special application to devout families , was that God had favoured the dead child , by taking it to Himself and so sparing it both the suffering of this world and the danger that its relative innocence ( for children were born in sin ) would become corrupted .
the first , having special [use] to devout families , was that god had favoured the dead child , by taking it to himself and so sparing it both the suffering of this world and the danger that its relative innocence ( for children were born in sin ) would become corrupted .

From this brief summary of a small proportion of the scientific dating techniques , some common principles of their application emerge .
from this brief summary of a small proportion of the scientific dating techniques , some common principles of their [use] emerge .

The main approaches to the scientific detection of fakes are : the study of composition and methods of construction to see if they match the supposed age of the object ; examination for evidence of aging , such as the formation of a patina ; and the application of archaeological dating techniques , which can at least give an indication of age and in some cases an actual date .
the main approaches to the scientific detection of fakes are : the study of composition and methods of construction to see if they match the supposed age of the object ; examination for evidence of aging , such as the formation of a patina ; and the [use] of archaeological dating techniques , which can at least give an indication of age and in some cases an actual date .

In their application to authenticity testing the first consideration is whether the sample size required is likely to inflict unacceptable damage .
in their [use] to authenticity testing the first consideration is whether the sample size required is likely to inflict unacceptable damage .

The application of radiocarbon dating is usually relatively straightforward , and the dating process will produce a result with an error term that is just as good as for any archaeological sample .
the [use] of radiocarbon dating is usually relatively straightforward , and the dating process will produce a result with an error term that is just as good as for any archaeological sample .

The most well-known application of radiocarbon must be the dating of the Shroud of Turin .
the most well-known [use] of radiocarbon must be the dating of the shroud of turin .

If the patina has been stuck on , then it is often possible to detect the organic binder or glue quite easily , either by application of various solvents , or by exposure to ultra-violet radiation .
if the patina has been stuck on , then it is often possible to detect the organic binder or glue quite easily , either by [use] of various solvents , or by exposure to ultra-violet radiation .

The following example , although not strictly an authenticity examination , uses the same approaches and shows the application of scientific detection in a related sphere of the British Museum 's activities .
the following example , although not strictly an authenticity examination , uses the same approaches and shows the [use] of scientific detection in a related sphere of the british museum 's activities .

Increasingly , the practical application of many mathematical techniques depends on the computer 's ability to carry out calculations with faultless accuracy at ever more extraordinary speeds .
increasingly , the practical [use] of many mathematical techniques depends on the computer 's ability to carry out calculations with faultless accuracy at ever more extraordinary speeds .

An imaginative application of multi-dimensional scaling by the statistician David Kendall serves to illustrate how widely the technique can be applied .
an imaginative [use] of multi-dimensional scaling by the statistician david kendall serves to illustrate how widely the technique can be applied .

The application of computer technology in the excavation process itself has been a major area of growth over the last decade .
the [use] of computer technology in the excavation process itself has been a major area of growth over the last decade .

As a preliminary to automation , a major process of review is necessary in order to establish the nature , content and application of the information categories and of the documents containing them .
as a preliminary to automation , a major process of review is necessary in order to establish the nature , content and [use] of the information categories and of the documents containing them .

This apparent conflict is resolved only by the application of materials and techniques brought about by scientific developments and , in this context , cleaning is a science .
this apparent conflict is resolved only by the [use] of materials and techniques brought about by scientific developments and , in this context , cleaning is a science .

The systematic application of energy to a surface or substance over a period of time with the intention of removing dirt .
the systematic [use] of energy to a surface or substance over a period of time with the intention of removing dirt .

Central to this definition is the concept of the removal of dirt by the application of energy .
central to this definition is the concept of the removal of dirt by the [use] of energy .

It is the proper understanding of this relationship and the nature and application of energy that is crucial to scientific cleaning .
it is the proper understanding of this relationship and the nature and [use] of energy that is crucial to scientific cleaning .

So too would a power tool with a suitable attachment which is the application of mechanical energy .
so too would a power tool with a suitable attachment which is the [use] of mechanical energy .

With certain disinfectants activity continues after application .
with certain disinfectants activity continues after [use] .

In many situations , however , there is no substitute for the use of chemicals as the application of heat is impracticable .
in many situations , however , there is no substitute for the use of chemicals as the [use] of heat is impracticable .

The use of irradiation is a limited specialist application , mainly confined to certain parts of the dairy industry and for the treatment of shellfish , for which ultra violet light is used .
the use of irradiation is a limited specialist [use] , mainly confined to certain parts of the dairy industry and for the treatment of shellfish , for which ultra violet light is used .

Reports to date are interesting , if somewhat inconclusive , and without immediate practical application .
reports to date are interesting , if somewhat inconclusive , and without immediate practical [use] .

As a rule this application tends to be under-exploited .
as a rule this [use] tends to be under-exploited .

Efforts to improve the efficiency have included the introduction of disinfectants into the steam but this has proved extremely wasteful and the effect offers little that can not be achieved by cleaning with hot high pressure water jets and the separate spray application of a suitable disinfectant .
efforts to improve the efficiency have included the introduction of disinfectants into the steam but this has proved extremely wasteful and the effect offers little that can not be achieved by cleaning with hot high pressure water jets and the separate spray [use] of a suitable disinfectant .

To be suitable for food environment application a disinfectant must be odourless , of low mammalian toxicity , non corrosive and non-tainting .
to be suitable for food environment [use] a disinfectant must be odourless , of low mammalian toxicity , non corrosive and non-tainting .

It must be highly effective against a wide range of micro-organisms on a wide variety of surfaces and operating conditions while being fast acting and unaffected by any cleaning product or other residues which may be present during application .
it must be highly effective against a wide range of micro-organisms on a wide variety of surfaces and operating conditions while being fast acting and unaffected by any cleaning product or other residues which may be present during [use] .

Even at this level it is still corrosive to stainless steel and must be removed quickly after application .
even at this level it is still corrosive to stainless steel and must be removed quickly after [use] .

The main application is for the disinfection of process water but economic and performance advantages over chlorine have yet to be fully demonstrated .
the main [use] is for the disinfection of process water but economic and performance advantages over chlorine have yet to be fully demonstrated .

Unlike cleaning chemicals which still perform even if they are grossly misused and , at worst can hardly leave a surface dirtier after application than before , misuse in disinfectants and sanitisers can result in an increase in bacterial contamination .
unlike cleaning chemicals which still perform even if they are grossly misused and , at worst can hardly leave a surface dirtier after [use] than before , misuse in disinfectants and sanitisers can result in an increase in bacterial contamination .

Even with food industry products there is some confusion over the application of the term .
even with food industry products there is some confusion over the [use] of the term .

Frier and floor cleaners : These are examples of the tendency of some suppliers to name products in such a way that their application is restricted and an unnecessary number of products is stocked .
frier and floor cleaners : these are examples of the tendency of some suppliers to name products in such a way that their [use] is restricted and an unnecessary number of products is stocked .

One product described as a toilet cleaner is highly effective for cleaning vending machines but operator resistance to this application would be expected .
one product described as a toilet cleaner is highly effective for cleaning vending machines but operator resistance to this [use] would be expected .

Bulk tank brushes : Designed for use in the dairy industry , for the application that their name implies , these brushes have the elongated profile of a hedgehog and are also fitted to 600–900 mm handles .
bulk tank brushes : designed for use in the dairy industry , for the [use] that their name implies , these brushes have the elongated profile of a hedgehog and are also fitted to 600–900 mm handles .

They are ideal for such application as scrubbing walls and equipment .
they are ideal for such [use] as scrubbing walls and equipment .

Flexible drives : These are frequently marketed as pot wash aids but have application elsewhere .
flexible drives : these are frequently marketed as pot wash aids but have [use] elsewhere .

Drill attachments : Similar to the previous category , but powered by direct drive from a hand held electric drill , these have some application in the drier phases of cleaning .
drill attachments : similar to the previous category , but powered by direct drive from a hand held electric drill , these have some [use] in the drier phases of cleaning .

Disc brush machines have limited application being effective only on smooth flooring .
disc brush machines have limited [use] being effective only on smooth flooring .

Again the choices are examined but this time in view of the specific application requirements in the situations of use with respect to the product classifications in chapter three and taking into account disinfection requirements from which products are selected .
again the choices are examined but this time in view of the specific [use] requirements in the situations of use with respect to the product classifications in chapter three and taking into account disinfection requirements from which products are selected .

While the practice of cleaning is the application of science , with its administrative back-up , the achievement of cleanliness is wholly a management function without which little can be accomplished . The fundamental requirements of good management in cleaning are the same as in any other work namely a manager needs to :
while the practice of cleaning is the [use] of science , with its administrative back-up , the achievement of cleanliness is wholly a management function without which little can be accomplished . the fundamental requirements of good management in cleaning are the same as in any other work namely a manager needs to :

Spray-wipe technique : This is a fast technique for dealing with light soils and has wide application where bacteriological standards are not significant .
spray-wipe technique : this is a fast technique for dealing with light soils and has wide [use] where bacteriological standards are not significant .

Pressure jetting : The tendency when using pressure jet cleaners is over application with long blasts of water with the hope that the pressure will clean off all the dirt .
pressure jetting : the tendency when using pressure jet cleaners is over [use] with long blasts of water with the hope that the pressure will clean off all the dirt .

Where there are access difficulties a hand pressure sprayer can be used to make application followed by a squeeze mop .
where there are access difficulties a hand pressure sprayer can be used to make [use] followed by a squeeze mop .

Surface dirt , when liquified by chemical application , soaks into the fabric causing staining .
surface dirt , when liquified by chemical [use] , soaks into the fabric causing staining .

Walls can be finished off by spray application of strong ( 8 % ) hypochlorite then left to dry .
walls can be finished off by spray [use] of strong ( 8 % ) hypochlorite then left to dry .

Prolonged acid contact can cause damage and application should be little and often interspersed by rinsing .
prolonged acid contact can cause damage and [use] should be little and often interspersed by rinsing .

This level of pressure will strip paint , lift tiles and even cut thin metal so the option is not for widespread application .
this level of pressure will strip paint , lift tiles and even cut thin metal so the option is not for widespread [use] .

Spray application followed by brushing and rinsing is most economic .
spray [use] followed by brushing and rinsing is most economic .

This is one application where the use of amphoteric detergents may be justified .
this is one [use] where the use of amphoteric detergents may be justified .

Contact time can be solved by repeating chemical application , changing chemical to a faster acting type such as from an alkali to a solvent , changing from a liquid to a gel or using foam cleaning .
contact time can be solved by repeating chemical [use] , changing chemical to a faster acting type such as from an alkali to a solvent , changing from a liquid to a gel or using foam cleaning .

The degradation of many soils such as those in East Anglia , England , to the extent that they are scarcely more than a physical retention medium for chemical fertiliser and moisture ( Kirkby 1980 ) , does not have the same social and economic impact as degradation of soils where the land users do not have , and may be predicted not to have in the future , the resources to make good the degradation by the application of massive doses of fertiliser ( see also Heathcote 1980 , Rennie 1982 ) .
the degradation of many soils such as those in east anglia , england , to the extent that they are scarcely more than a physical retention medium for chemical fertiliser and moisture ( kirkby 1980 ) , does not have the same social and economic impact as degradation of soils where the land users do not have , and may be predicted not to have in the future , the resources to make good the degradation by the [use] of massive doses of fertiliser ( see also heathcote 1980 , rennie 1982 ) .

The example provided by the nouveau roman directly contests any strict application of many of the versions of this transformation .
the example provided by the nouveau roman directly contests any strict [use] of many of the versions of this transformation .

Nathalie Sarraute had never been prepared to accept his insistence on pure textuality , and both Robbe-Grillet and Claude Simon sought to distance themselves from the increasingly over-rigid application of his theories .
nathalie sarraute had never been prepared to accept his insistence on pure textuality , and both robbe-grillet and claude simon sought to distance themselves from the increasingly over-rigid [use] of his theories .

Again , this was confirmed by the application of simple statistical regression analysis .
again , this was confirmed by the [use] of simple statistical regression analysis .

This development has been supported by long-term performance warranties provided by manufacturers and suppliers , covering the liability of both products and application .
this development has been supported by long-term performance warranties provided by manufacturers and suppliers , covering the liability of both products and [use] .

Over the years , improved material and application technology and testing has facilitated this process , but in the long term the ability to effect repairs will continue to remain an important requirement .
over the years , improved material and [use] technology and testing has facilitated this process , but in the long term the ability to effect repairs will continue to remain an important requirement .

To a growing number of health professionals it was self-evident that Israel 's priority was the application of a system which ensured dependence and control rather than the good health of the community .
to a growing number of health professionals it was self-evident that israel 's priority was the [use] of a system which ensured dependence and control rather than the good health of the community .

She was asked to study , so she did , and seemed surprised when her application produced good marks .
she was asked to study , so she did , and seemed surprised when her [use] produced good marks .

Encouraged now he kicked again with greater force and application , ignoring the cuts from the sharp ends of broken wicker which clawed at his feet and legs .
encouraged now he kicked again with greater force and [use] , ignoring the cuts from the sharp ends of broken wicker which clawed at his feet and legs .

As the theory is explicitly concerned with concurrent interference , its application to latent inhibition ( an instance of proactive interference ) has not been fully worked out .
as the theory is explicitly concerned with concurrent interference , its [use] to latent inhibition ( an instance of proactive interference ) has not been fully worked out .

The similarity to Wagner 's account becomes more marked when we consider the application of concurrent interference theory to procedures other than flavour pre-exposure .
the similarity to wagner 's account becomes more marked when we consider the [use] of concurrent interference theory to procedures other than flavour pre-exposure .

Please find enclosed the formal application and indemnity forms — both of which are signed by me .
please find enclosed the formal [use] and indemnity forms — both of which are signed by me .

It is clear that there have to be some restrictions on the exercise by citizens of freedom of speech , the right to demonstrate , the application of pressure on governments through industrial action or other means .
it is clear that there have to be some restrictions on the exercise by citizens of freedom of speech , the right to demonstrate , the [use] of pressure on governments through industrial action or other means .

He is awaiting a decision from Edinburgh on his application for a Historic Buildings grant , but once completed the castle loses its scheduled monument status and becomes a listed building .
he is awaiting a decision from edinburgh on his [use] for a historic buildings grant , but once completed the castle loses its scheduled monument status and becomes a listed building .

In response to an application by the Crown Prosecution Service for a judicial review , Lord Justice Lloyd said it was not open to the prosecution to take such action ‘ whenever faced with what is regarded as an inconvenient or unjust decision ’ .
in response to an [use] by the crown prosecution service for a judicial review , lord justice lloyd said it was not open to the prosecution to take such action ‘ whenever faced with what is regarded as an inconvenient or unjust decision ’ .

What is needed is an active campaign to change the law to allow children , accompanied by a responsible adult , into a public house , or certain specified rooms within that public house , at specified times of the day , the rooms and times being agreed by the licensing justices following application from the licensee .
what is needed is an active campaign to change the law to allow children , accompanied by a responsible adult , into a public house , or certain specified rooms within that public house , at specified times of the day , the rooms and times being agreed by the licensing justices following [use] from the licensee .

Similar confidence in hops extraction is currently running high in today 's brewing industry as the range of hop products and their application increases .
similar confidence in hops extraction is currently running high in today 's brewing industry as the range of hop products and their [use] increases .

Dry hop flavour is an interesting application since the use of a liquid extract allows a more accurate and consistent flavour to be produced .
dry hop flavour is an interesting [use] since the use of a liquid extract allows a more accurate and consistent flavour to be produced .

International Paint 's well-established Jet-Dry Japlac now also comes in a handy aerosol to complement the existing range of standard cans , available in 750ml , 500ml , 250ml , and 125ml sizes , and to facilitate application in awkward areas , or where speed and convenience are prime considerations .
international paint 's well-established jet-dry japlac now also comes in a handy aerosol to complement the existing range of standard cans , available in 750ml , 500ml , 250ml , and 125ml sizes , and to facilitate [use] in awkward areas , or where speed and convenience are prime considerations .

As they are fast drying , usually about 30 minutes , the application technique is slightly different from the traditional varnishes .
as they are fast drying , usually about 30 minutes , the [use] technique is slightly different from the traditional varnishes .

As they contain water , the first application may cause the grain to raise on some woods , and a light sanding is recommended before applying the second coat .
as they contain water , the first [use] may cause the grain to raise on some woods , and a light sanding is recommended before applying the second coat .

If these matting agents are not thoroughly dispersed before application , then the varnishes or varnish stains will dry to a gloss .
if these matting agents are not thoroughly dispersed before [use] , then the varnishes or varnish stains will dry to a gloss .

The next time you call at your local council offices to collect some forms for making a Building Regulations application , do n't be surprised if you are asked , ‘ What type of forms do you want — Full plans or Building Notice ? ’ The reason for this is that there are now two ways of getting your council 's blessing to proceed with the work you have in mind .
the next time you call at your local council offices to collect some forms for making a building regulations [use] , do n't be surprised if you are asked , ‘ what type of forms do you want — full plans or building notice ? ’ the reason for this is that there are now two ways of getting your council 's blessing to proceed with the work you have in mind .

The Full Plans method is the old system that has existed for many years , whereby detailed plans of your proposal are submitted in duplicate , along with an application form .
the full plans method is the old system that has existed for many years , whereby detailed plans of your proposal are submitted in duplicate , along with an [use] form .

This is far more effective than brush application .
this is far more effective than brush [use] .

From here it 's a simple juggling act to find the best sizes to suit the application .
from here it 's a simple juggling act to find the best sizes to suit the [use] .

To the enthusiast , the loss of no less than fourteen locomotive designs was countered by the application of highly distinctive sector liveries , all the more interesting because of the number of attempts made before the final choices were made .
to the enthusiast , the loss of no less than fourteen locomotive designs was countered by the [use] of highly distinctive sector liveries , all the more interesting because of the number of attempts made before the final choices were made .

An application form for Training Division courses is also included .
an [use] form for training division courses is also included .

Her application was not processed in time for her to fly home on British Airways with the rest of the family so the flight was cancelled .
her [use] was not processed in time for her to fly home on british airways with the rest of the family so the flight was cancelled .

Leigh Environmental wants to build an incinerator plant near Doncaster , but also faces local authority opposition , and International Technology Corporation has submitted a joint application with Northumbrian Water for incinerators at Teesside and Tyneside for the incineration of sewage sludge and organic wastes , with a capacity of 43,000 tonnes each .
leigh environmental wants to build an incinerator plant near doncaster , but also faces local authority opposition , and international technology corporation has submitted a joint [use] with northumbrian water for incinerators at teesside and tyneside for the incineration of sewage sludge and organic wastes , with a capacity of 43,000 tonnes each .

The vast majority of what are generally called well-educated persons in this country have , in the very process of their education , been impressed with the belief that metre is an arrangement of language which can be judged by the application of a mechanical test , and that the poet who produces a line which does not answer to the test is a fit subject for correction by any critic who can point out the discrepancy .
the vast majority of what are generally called well-educated persons in this country have , in the very process of their education , been impressed with the belief that metre is an arrangement of language which can be judged by the [use] of a mechanical test , and that the poet who produces a line which does not answer to the test is a fit subject for correction by any critic who can point out the discrepancy .

Their assembly into something functional requires the subtle application of a screwdriver allied with a complete grasp of the operating software .
their assembly into something functional requires the subtle [use] of a screwdriver allied with a complete grasp of the operating software .

They range from 0.01 to 0.5mm in thickness and are made from copper , nickel or iron-nickel alloy depending on the application .
they range from 0.01 to 0.5mm in thickness and are made from copper , nickel or iron-nickel alloy depending on the [use] .

The application of computer graphics is wide — from management pie-charts to mapping Mars . Broadly speaking , however , there are about four general reasons for files which transfer graphics information :
the [use] of computer graphics is wide — from management pie-charts to mapping mars . broadly speaking , however , there are about four general reasons for files which transfer graphics information :

The main application of these files is in cad .
the main [use] of these files is in cad .

In each application a source file is interpreted in real time .
in each [use] a source file is interpreted in real time .

It has an important application in screen graphics , as described below .
it has an important [use] in screen graphics , as described below .

When personal computers became popular ( ie. , cheap ) the fact that the processor was close to the screen was rapidly exploited by application software to give the user a much more dynamic look and feel .
when personal computers became popular ( ie. , cheap ) the fact that the processor was close to the screen was rapidly exploited by [use] software to give the user a much more dynamic look and feel .

Over the past couple of years we have seen application tools embrace the facilities offered by the Windows front end or graphics user interfaces ( GUIs ) .
over the past couple of years we have seen [use] tools embrace the facilities offered by the windows front end or graphics user interfaces ( guis ) .

Choice of an expansion card , with a particular processor , will be determined largely by intended application for the device .
choice of an expansion card , with a particular processor , will be determined largely by intended [use] for the device .

Software application products
software [use] products

There is a range of other software application programs on the market which may be described as design aids .
there is a range of other software [use] programs on the market which may be described as design aids .

All of this makes it very attractive for the application which Luck and Swanson have been working on — the construction of switched capacitor filter circuits .
all of this makes it very attractive for the [use] which luck and swanson have been working on — the construction of switched capacitor filter circuits .

And progress she did , by application to her duties .
and progress she did , by [use] to her duties .

No one could doubt that the application of the academic mind to literature has been salutary in bringing rigour and discipline into criticism : cleaner texts , scholarly annotations , precise analysis , intelligent — even transforming — interpretations and readings ; and an intolerance for woolly emotional responses , vague inflated recommendations , and subjective wallowings of all kinds .
no one could doubt that the [use] of the academic mind to literature has been salutary in bringing rigour and discipline into criticism : cleaner texts , scholarly annotations , precise analysis , intelligent — even transforming — interpretations and readings ; and an intolerance for woolly emotional responses , vague inflated recommendations , and subjective wallowings of all kinds .

Such was his influence and so intense Massine 's study and application of the knowledge gained that other versions of Spanish dance by native choreographers made no such impact .
such was his influence and so intense massine 's study and [use] of the knowledge gained that other versions of spanish dance by native choreographers made no such impact .

His monotone drawl made one feel he is not yet convinced that he has the mental application to match his great physical ability .
his monotone drawl made one feel he is not yet convinced that he has the mental [use] to match his great physical ability .

That tribunal said that where there was uncertainty as to the duration of the stay it was proper to consider the application as if ordinary residence was contemplated .
that tribunal said that where there was uncertainty as to the duration of the stay it was proper to consider the [use] as if ordinary residence was contemplated .

His monotone drawl made one feel he is not yet convinced that he has the mental application to match his great physical ability .
his monotone drawl made one feel he is not yet convinced that he has the mental [use] to match his great physical ability .

Since the directive came into force in July last year only one fish farming application has been subject to an environmental assessment : a plan last October by Marine Harvest for salmon cages in Lamlash bay on the island of Arran .
since the directive came into force in july last year only one fish farming [use] has been subject to an environmental assessment : a plan last october by marine harvest for salmon cages in lamlash bay on the island of arran .

The assessment was accepted and the application granted by the Crown Estate , although the area of the farm was reduced and the number of salmon cages cut from 58 to 30 for other reasons .
the assessment was accepted and the [use] granted by the crown estate , although the area of the farm was reduced and the number of salmon cages cut from 58 to 30 for other reasons .

Earlier yesterday , the Court of Appeal refused an application by Mr Goodwin 's employers , the publishers Morgan Grampian , to revoke the order forcing him to hand over notes containing confidential financial information concerning a company , which can not be named for legal reasons .
earlier yesterday , the court of appeal refused an [use] by mr goodwin 's employers , the publishers morgan grampian , to revoke the order forcing him to hand over notes containing confidential financial information concerning a company , which can not be named for legal reasons .

The most important of these techniques being the application of market research , market analysis and the use of effective and efficient communications .
the most important of these techniques being the [use] of market research , market analysis and the use of effective and efficient communications .

After Drew answered questions concisely on the time taken for the application and removal of make-up , a rather over-zealous coroner once more closed the proceedings .
after drew answered questions concisely on the time taken for the [use] and removal of make-up , a rather over-zealous coroner once more closed the proceedings .

For further details and an application form please write ( enclosing a stamped addressed envelope ) to the Volunteer Unit Manager , The National Trust , Westbury , Wiltshire .
for further details and an [use] form please write ( enclosing a stamped addressed envelope ) to the volunteer unit manager , the national trust , westbury , wiltshire .

The medical tests currently available for the detection of mental — and indeed physical — handicap are limited , both in their application and availability .
the medical tests currently available for the detection of mental — and indeed physical — handicap are limited , both in their [use] and availability .

In cases of long standing suppression this potency works marvellously ; this is because where one or two doses of the centesimal potency may fail to revive the suppressed symptoms , the repeated application of potencies of this scale can , and cure is begun .
in cases of long standing suppression this potency works marvellously ; this is because where one or two doses of the centesimal potency may fail to revive the suppressed symptoms , the repeated [use] of potencies of this scale can , and cure is begun .

The evolution of the preparation and application of Hahnemann 's remedies passed through several phases .
the evolution of the preparation and [use] of hahnemann 's remedies passed through several phases .

The court held that for the application of the rule to have been lawful it would have had to be justifiable irrespective of race or ethnic or national origins .
the court held that for the [use] of the rule to have been lawful it would have had to be justifiable irrespective of race or ethnic or national origins .

It was said that , as noted above , the law would provide not a straitjacket but , rather , scope for the ‘ imaginative application of professional skills at all levels of the education service , within a statutory framework which sets clear objectives ’ .
it was said that , as noted above , the law would provide not a straitjacket but , rather , scope for the ‘ imaginative [use] of professional skills at all levels of the education service , within a statutory framework which sets clear objectives ’ .

Second , where a child with special educational needs is ‘ statemented ’ under section 7 ( 1 ) Education Act 1981 ( see Chapter 5 ) , the statement may exclude the application of the National Curriculum or specify its provision in a modified form ( section 18 ) .
second , where a child with special educational needs is ‘ statemented ’ under section 7 ( 1 ) education act 1981 ( see chapter 5 ) , the statement may exclude the [use] of the national curriculum or specify its provision in a modified form ( section 18 ) .

Obviously , it would be difficult to prescribe in precise legal terms for universal application acceptable standards of pupil behaviour — although the law does , of course , define criminal behaviour ( albeit often with some difficulty ) .
obviously , it would be difficult to prescribe in precise legal terms for universal [use] acceptable standards of pupil behaviour — although the law does , of course , define criminal behaviour ( albeit often with some difficulty ) .

The Elton Committee suggested that there was some doubt about the application of the in loco parentis principle to the disciplining of pupils — for its application would mean that a parent 's request to a school for a particular form of punishment not to be administered to his/her child would have to be granted .
the elton committee suggested that there was some doubt about the [use] of the in loco parentis principle to the disciplining of pupils — for its [use] would mean that a parent 's request to a school for a particular form of punishment not to be administered to his/her child would have to be granted .

2 ) Act 1986 for the head teacher to be in overall control of discipline in a school ( taking account of the governors ' policy on discipline ) , the law is content to allow teachers much discretion in the enforcement of school rules and application of sanctions .
2 ) act 1986 for the head teacher to be in overall control of discipline in a school ( taking account of the governors ' policy on discipline ) , the law is content to allow teachers much discretion in the enforcement of school rules and [use] of sanctions .

Application of the Order — special education needs
[use] of the order — special education needs

Application of the Order — Wales
[use] of the order — wales

Under the 1988 Act , such a statement may disapply or modify the application of any or all of the provisions of the National Curriculum for the pupils for whom the statement is made .
under the 1988 act , such a statement may disapply or modify the [use] of any or all of the provisions of the national curriculum for the pupils for whom the statement is made .

‘ Well , ’ he said , ‘ it is clearly an application to the Patent Office , soliciting the grant of a patent for some kind of process … It involves the combining of certain chemical compounds which , it is claimed , constitutes a patentable improvement in the manufacture of an explosive .
‘ well , ’ he said , ‘ it is clearly an [use] to the patent office , soliciting the grant of a patent for some kind of process … it involves the combining of certain chemical compounds which , it is claimed , constitutes a patentable improvement in the manufacture of an explosive .

‘ He never had the humdrum application to do that ; anyway , he would have had to re-equip his factory .
‘ he never had the humdrum [use] to do that ; anyway , he would have had to re-equip his factory .

The wiring scheme is the same for 12v or 24v , but the bulbs used on the trailer differ with the application .
the wiring scheme is the same for 12v or 24v , but the bulbs used on the trailer differ with the [use] .

1 ) The 4 023 can be direct or indirect injection depending on the original engine application 2 ) You connect the brake servo to the exhauster pump fitted to the front of the engine 3 ) Your radiator , if in good condition , is perfect for the diesel 4 ) The brakes and suspension as fitted to the 2.6 are fine 5 ) One fuel filter and water trap are sufficient on the fuel system unless operating the vehicle in a very dirty environment where two would be required
1 ) the 4 023 can be direct or indirect injection depending on the original engine [use] 2 ) you connect the brake servo to the exhauster pump fitted to the front of the engine 3 ) your radiator , if in good condition , is perfect for the diesel 4 ) the brakes and suspension as fitted to the 2.6 are fine 5 ) one fuel filter and water trap are sufficient on the fuel system unless operating the vehicle in a very dirty environment where two would be required

Make sure the engine is from a road vehicle and not from an industrial application as the fuel injector pump will need recalibrating for road use .
make sure the engine is from a road vehicle and not from an industrial [use] as the fuel injector pump will need recalibrating for road use .

His patron , usually the local landowner , can acquire the necessary application forms and show him what to do with them .
his patron , usually the local landowner , can acquire the necessary [use] forms and show him what to do with them .

‘ The political stance adopted by a class at any given time will be i part a function of the structure of the political system as whole and the concrete possibilities which exist in a specific situation for the application of various kinds of class alliances ’ ( Roxborough 1979 : 82 ) .
‘ the political stance adopted by a class at any given time will be i part a function of the structure of the political system as whole and the concrete possibilities which exist in a specific situation for the [use] of various kinds of class alliances ’ ( roxborough 1979 : 82 ) .

She smiles , and two dimples appear in her pasty cheeks , still shiny from last night 's application of face cream .
she smiles , and two dimples appear in her pasty cheeks , still shiny from last night 's [use] of face cream .

When the local Kyle and Carrick District Council objected to the drilling application , the Atomic Energy Authority appealed and a public inquiry was held in February 1980 .
when the local kyle and carrick district council objected to the drilling [use] , the atomic energy authority appealed and a public inquiry was held in february 1980 .

The application of the aids is very important and the horse has to be taught their use .
the [use] of the aids is very important and the horse has to be taught their use .

It is quite possible that the legislation enacted to give effect to the decision ( the Interception of Communications Act 1985 ) will be the subject of another application under the Convention .
it is quite possible that the legislation enacted to give effect to the decision ( the interception of communications act 1985 ) will be the subject of another [use] under the convention .

The application would be made by the Head of the Security Services to either the Minister of the Interior or the Minister of Defence .
the [use] would be made by the head of the security services to either the minister of the interior or the minister of defence .

My application for a warrant to monitor Mr. Cox 's telephone communications was made in April 1983 .
my [use] for a warrant to monitor mr. cox 's telephone communications was made in april 1983 .

But even this is not as extensive as it appears at first sight for , in conducting an investigation on a complaint , the Tribunal must apply ‘ the principles applicable by a court on an application for judicial review ’ .
but even this is not as extensive as it appears at first sight for , in conducting an investigation on a complaint , the tribunal must apply ‘ the principles applicable by a court on an [use] for judicial review ’ .

The application of the principles of judicial review vary according to the circumstances .
the [use] of the principles of judicial review vary according to the circumstances .

An example of such a clause is the following which was found in the Foreign Compensation Act 1950 , a statute setting up a body known as the Foreign Compensation Commission : ‘ The determination by the commission of any application made to them under this Act shall not be called in question in any court of law .
an example of such a clause is the following which was found in the foreign compensation act 1950 , a statute setting up a body known as the foreign compensation commission : ‘ the determination by the commission of any [use] made to them under this act shall not be called in question in any court of law .

The application failed in the Court of Appeal .
the [use] failed in the court of appeal .

In Mansfield , for example , there were cases in which the clerk had put the conditions on the bail form even before the defendant 's solicitor had concluded his application for unconditional bail .
in mansfield , for example , there were cases in which the clerk had put the conditions on the bail form even before the defendant 's solicitor had concluded his [use] for unconditional bail .

However , the ‘ fact that the outcome of the application was correctly anticipated [ did ] not vitiate the decision ’ .
however , the ‘ fact that the outcome of the [use] was correctly anticipated [ did ] not vitiate the decision ’ .

Whatever John 's mother may have thought about his likely lack of application when he wanted to study music , once he decided to learn ballet he took it seriously and must have worked hard to make up for a late start .
whatever john 's mother may have thought about his likely lack of [use] when he wanted to study music , once he decided to learn ballet he took it seriously and must have worked hard to make up for a late start .

But Dewey 's application of it had a very direct effect on educational practice in the classroom .
but dewey 's [use] of it had a very direct effect on educational practice in the classroom .

He mentioned the need to bring out the practical application of subjects , in ways which would enhance rather than displace theoretical understanding .
he mentioned the need to bring out the practical [use] of subjects , in ways which would enhance rather than displace theoretical understanding .

In 1984 , the European Commission of Human Rights reported , on the application of one Mark Rees , that the United Kingdom was in violation of Article 8 of the European Convention .
in 1984 , the european commission of human rights reported , on the [use] of one mark rees , that the united kingdom was in violation of article 8 of the european convention .

The Technological Imperative and its Application in Health Care
the technological imperative and its [use] in health care

It has application in a host of contexts .
it has [use] in a host of contexts .

The subsequent application of such rules or guidelines must properly be left to those with particular knowledge of the circumstances of the cases in question .
the subsequent [use] of such rules or guidelines must properly be left to those with particular knowledge of the circumstances of the cases in question .

There is no authority for these propositions , and a leading critic in the United States has taken a contrary view , as did the court in the case of The Application of the President and Directors of Georgetown College Inc. , holding that ‘ death resulting from failure to extend proper medical care , where there is a duty of care , is manslaughter .
there is no authority for these propositions , and a leading critic in the united states has taken a contrary view , as did the court in the case of the [use] of the president and directors of georgetown college inc. , holding that ‘ death resulting from failure to extend proper medical care , where there is a duty of care , is manslaughter .

’ Further , ‘ there exists considerable uncertainty in the medical and legal professions as to the legality of terminating the use or application of life-sustaining procedures where the patient has voluntarily and in sound mind evidenced a desire that such procedures be withheld or withdrawn .
’ further , ‘ there exists considerable uncertainty in the medical and legal professions as to the legality of terminating the use or [use] of life-sustaining procedures where the patient has voluntarily and in sound mind evidenced a desire that such procedures be withheld or withdrawn .

Treatment involves the application of insecticide by pressure spray in the form of pungent solvents or water-based emulsions or pastes .
treatment involves the [use] of insecticide by pressure spray in the form of pungent solvents or water-based emulsions or pastes .

Moreover , facilities have to pass the severe scrutiny of the Public Health authorities , a matter of increasing application to catering , which is becoming an important business area .
moreover , facilities have to pass the severe scrutiny of the public health authorities , a matter of increasing [use] to catering , which is becoming an important business area .

Adams supplied the application and concentration absent from the other batsmen and coaxed another 99 from the last three wickets with improbable but important help from his fellow Jamaicans , Walsh and Patterson .
adams supplied the [use] and concentration absent from the other batsmen and coaxed another 99 from the last three wickets with improbable but important help from his fellow jamaicans , walsh and patterson .

This is simply not the case and you will probably have to wait to hear if your mortgage application has been approved .
this is simply not the case and you will probably have to wait to hear if your mortgage [use] has been approved .

In the light of the revolution in gender attitudes in Western society in the past decade , it is perhaps ironical that the most significant application of British obscenity law in recent years , at least in relation to films and videos , derives almost wholly from the fraternal obligations which men owe to women .
in the light of the revolution in gender attitudes in western society in the past decade , it is perhaps ironical that the most significant [use] of british obscenity law in recent years , at least in relation to films and videos , derives almost wholly from the fraternal obligations which men owe to women .

The Indecent Displays ( Control ) Act 1981 was sound in principle , but so narrow in application that it has rarely if ever been tested in the courts .
the indecent displays ( control ) act 1981 was sound in principle , but so narrow in [use] that it has rarely if ever been tested in the courts .

The great motive power behind information technology is ever-diminishing unit costs , so that the application of computers can be expected to continue to proliferate .
the great motive power behind information technology is ever-diminishing unit costs , so that the [use] of computers can be expected to continue to proliferate .

He has to judge each application for registration in the light of the Principles ; to the extent that the Principles are agreed to be universal and timeless , the march of technology should present few problems , since particular technical processes are not dealt with in the Act .
he has to judge each [use] for registration in the light of the principles ; to the extent that the principles are agreed to be universal and timeless , the march of technology should present few problems , since particular technical processes are not dealt with in the act .

Or just complete and send us the application form overleaf , and we shall send your membership card and pack within 28 days .
or just complete and send us the [use] form overleaf , and we shall send your membership card and pack within 28 days .

The ludicrous situation currently exists that , if a National Park does reject a fish farm application , it has to pay compensation to the farmer .
the ludicrous situation currently exists that , if a national park does reject a fish farm [use] , it has to pay compensation to the farmer .

Minuscule droplets of the chemicals used can either drift during application , or evaporate after application and then drift onto neighbouring plants ; alternatively granules and dust can be blown by strong gusts of wind onto other areas and into waterways .
minuscule droplets of the chemicals used can either drift during [use] , or evaporate after [use] and then drift onto neighbouring plants ; alternatively granules and dust can be blown by strong gusts of wind onto other areas and into waterways .

make it easier to ensure that your application form/letter underlines what suits you to the job . You will then have a better chance of getting through to the interview stage ;
make it easier to ensure that your [use] form/letter underlines what suits you to the job . you will then have a better chance of getting through to the interview stage ;

This application itself can get you off to a good or bad start .
this [use] itself can get you off to a good or bad start .

At its simplest a job application can be a telephone call in response to an advertisement or because you hear there may be a vacancy with a company . Even at this level preparation pays off , so :
at its simplest a job [use] can be a telephone call in response to an advertisement or because you hear there may be a vacancy with a company . even at this level preparation pays off , so :

By and large it is better to write an individually tailored application letter for each job , as this gives the company the feeling that you have a particular interest in that specific job .
by and large it is better to write an individually tailored [use] letter for each job , as this gives the company the feeling that you have a particular interest in that specific job .

Application forms
[use] forms

Sometimes you will be required to fill in an application form which will be used to select candidates for interview .
sometimes you will be required to fill in an [use] form which will be used to select candidates for interview .

Like your letter of application the application form will give the interviewer a picture of you before you actually arrive for the interview .
like your letter of [use] the [use] form will give the interviewer a picture of you before you actually arrive for the interview .

Because points arising from the application form may be discussed during the interview , it is a good idea to keep a copy for yourself if the application form is a complicated one .
because points arising from the [use] form may be discussed during the interview , it is a good idea to keep a copy for yourself if the [use] form is a complicated one .

If you receive an application form as a response to a job application or as a preliminary to an interview it should be filled in and returned promptly .
if you receive an [use] form as a response to a job [use] or as a preliminary to an interview it should be filled in and returned promptly .

Before you begin to fill in any application form make sure you have read and thoroughly understood any accompanying notes .
before you begin to fill in any [use] form make sure you have read and thoroughly understood any accompanying notes .

’ or where no mention is made in an advertisement of an application form ( which usually covers the same type of information ) .
’ or where no mention is made in an advertisement of an [use] form ( which usually covers the same type of information ) .

failure to do so will give the impression that you have not taken much trouble with your application and may be careless in the future .
failure to do so will give the impression that you have not taken much trouble with your [use] and may be careless in the future .

It is now possible to buy excellent ready-printed job application forms .
it is now possible to buy excellent ready-printed job [use] forms .

They come with stubs that you fill in with the date and details of your application , brief notes and the result , to form a mini-interview file .
they come with stubs that you fill in with the date and details of your [use] , brief notes and the result , to form a mini-interview file .

It may even be that despite taking care with matching yourself to the job before making an initial application you may find out further information that will make you less enthusiastic about the job .
it may even be that despite taking care with matching yourself to the job before making an initial [use] you may find out further information that will make you less enthusiastic about the job .

Keep the paperwork and notes for each application in a separate folder or large envelope .
keep the paperwork and notes for each [use] in a separate folder or large envelope .

If your application was in response to a particular advertisement keep the advertisement stapled to the front of the folder .
if your [use] was in response to a particular advertisement keep the advertisement stapled to the front of the folder .

your own copies of your application form and/or letter of application :
your own copies of your [use] form and/or letter of [use] :

The more care you have taken in your application , gathering background information , knowing what questions you want to ask , preparing yourself to counter any awkward questions , ensuring that you are suitably dressed and that you arrive unflustered in good time for your appointment , the less reason you will have to be nervous and the more confident you will feel .
the more care you have taken in your [use] , gathering background information , knowing what questions you want to ask , preparing yourself to counter any awkward questions , ensuring that you are suitably dressed and that you arrive unflustered in good time for your appointment , the less reason you will have to be nervous and the more confident you will feel .

Their aim is to teach people common-sense techniques of job application and interview performance like the ones in this book .
their aim is to teach people common-sense techniques of job [use] and interview performance like the ones in this book .

Much of the work is practical , including ‘ mock ’ interviews and advice on completing application forms and preparing c.v.s .
much of the work is practical , including ‘ mock ’ interviews and advice on completing [use] forms and preparing c.v.s .

Application Forms
[use] forms

Using application forms
using [use] forms

Application forms are not just a routine procedure .
[use] forms are not just a routine procedure .

In this book we are dealing with the second function ; application forms as a means of making an initial selection .
in this book we are dealing with the second function ; [use] forms as a means of making an initial selection .

When application forms are not necessary
when [use] forms are not necessary

You will not need to use application forms if you are employing people where skill in reading and writing are not important .
you will not need to use [use] forms if you are employing people where skill in reading and writing are not important .

Equally you will not need an application form , except possibly for the record , if you are seeing a single applicant who has applied for the job ‘ on spec .
equally you will not need an [use] form , except possibly for the record , if you are seeing a single applicant who has applied for the job ‘ on spec .

’ Private/domestic employers will not usually need to use application forms , although they should use letters of application to make a preliminary comparison and selection of candidates , rather as though they were using application forms .
’ private/domestic employers will not usually need to use [use] forms , although they should use letters of [use] to make a preliminary comparison and selection of candidates , rather as though they were using [use] forms .

Because application forms provide the basis of what is in reality a preliminary round of the interview they should be well thought out .
because [use] forms provide the basis of what is in reality a preliminary round of the interview they should be well thought out .

It is possible to buy well-designed general purpose application forms ( details are given at the back of the book ) .
it is possible to buy well-designed general purpose [use] forms ( details are given at the back of the book ) .

If you have very specific qualifications and abilities in mind then you may need to devise an application form of your own .
if you have very specific qualifications and abilities in mind then you may need to devise an [use] form of your own .

Below are some points which you may wish to include in your application form .
below are some points which you may wish to include in your [use] form .

Job application Name of job , where seen advertised , date available to start , any previous applications to the same company .
job [use] name of job , where seen advertised , date available to start , any previous applications to the same company .

Application forms are preferable to c. v. s
[use] forms are preferable to c. v. s

Sending out application forms
sending out [use] forms

When applicants respond to an advertisement they should be sent an application form to fill in unless the initial letter was so poor that it warrants an immediate rejection .
when applicants respond to an advertisement they should be sent an [use] form to fill in unless the initial letter was so poor that it warrants an immediate rejection .

If a letter is very good and the applicant clearly fits the job/ personnel specification fairly well you may wish to send out an appointment for an interview at the same time as the application form .
if a letter is very good and the applicant clearly fits the job/ personnel specification fairly well you may wish to send out an appointment for an interview at the same time as the [use] form .

In the majority of cases you will simply send the application form and use the completed forms as the means of eliminating the applicants who are clearly unsuitable .
in the majority of cases you will simply send the [use] form and use the completed forms as the means of eliminating the applicants who are clearly unsuitable .

Although application forms can be very thorough and very revealing there are some questions which can only be asked face to face , and in an interview where a good rapport has been established .
although [use] forms can be very thorough and very revealing there are some questions which can only be asked face to face , and in an interview where a good rapport has been established .

Using the application form to plan the interview
using the [use] form to plan the interview

Application forms ( or c.v.s if application forms are not available ) should be used as the basis for the candidate 's interview .
[use] forms ( or c.v.s if [use] forms are not available ) should be used as the basis for the candidate 's interview .

Notes of questions arising out of the application form should be attached to it and used as a memory aid during the interview .
notes of questions arising out of the [use] form should be attached to it and used as a memory aid during the interview .

Once you have decided to see an applicant , any references given in the application form ( or c.v. ) , including telephone references , should be taken up before the interview .
once you have decided to see an applicant , any references given in the [use] form ( or c.v. ) , including telephone references , should be taken up before the interview .

You will then need a further five minutes to look through the application form ( or application letter or c.v. ) of the next candidate , and to remind yourself of any particular questions which need to be asked as a result of what it contained .
you will then need a further five minutes to look through the [use] form ( or [use] letter or c.v. ) of the next candidate , and to remind yourself of any particular questions which need to be asked as a result of what it contained .

This may not be feasible where there is a very large number of candidates , but if people have got through the original application forms stage of selection it will be worth making an effort to see them in person .
this may not be feasible where there is a very large number of candidates , but if people have got through the original [use] forms stage of selection it will be worth making an effort to see them in person .

Leave five minutes before each interview to look at the candidate 's application form/letter , and any particular questions noted down while first reading it .
leave five minutes before each interview to look at the candidate 's [use] form/letter , and any particular questions noted down while first reading it .

If application forms/c.v.s have been used correctly many of these questions will already have been answered and the well-prepared interviewer will have familiarized himself/herself with the details .
if [use] forms/c.v.s have been used correctly many of these questions will already have been answered and the well-prepared interviewer will have familiarized himself/herself with the details .

Any points similar to these which arise from any section of the application form/c.v. should be noted and taken in to the interview as a reminder .
any points similar to these which arise from any section of the [use] form/c.v. should be noted and taken in to the interview as a reminder .

So a list of questions to winkle out the facts not covered by the application form or c.v .
so a list of questions to winkle out the facts not covered by the [use] form or c.v .

When you are satisfied with your interview structure take a copy for each candidate and keep it with their application form and the additional questions which arose from it .
when you are satisfied with your interview structure take a copy for each candidate and keep it with their [use] form and the additional questions which arose from it .

The completed interview question forms together with answers to the individual questions arising from candidates ' application forms/ c.v.s can be perused afterwards at comparative leisure .
the completed interview question forms together with answers to the individual questions arising from candidates ' [use] forms/ c.v.s can be perused afterwards at comparative leisure .

( If you did not use application forms or receive c.v.s then refer also to the basic list of questions , p. 100 . )
( if you did not use [use] forms or receive c.v.s then refer also to the basic list of questions , p. 100 . )

If dealing with a large number of candidates you may like to ask the candidate if you may take a polaroid picture for the application form if this has not been supplied already .
if dealing with a large number of candidates you may like to ask the candidate if you may take a polaroid picture for the [use] form if this has not been supplied already .

It will be much easier to reactivate the application of an unsuccessful candidate who has been let down gently .
it will be much easier to reactivate the [use] of an unsuccessful candidate who has been let down gently .

absorb details on the candidate 's application form and c.v . prior to the interview ;
absorb details on the candidate 's [use] form and c.v . prior to the interview ;

planning meetings and interviews well in advance so that members can all be available at the same time . This includes arranging time for discussion of the job/personnel specification beforehand , time for making a joint preliminary selection from application forms/c.v.s , and time for the decision-making meeting afterwards ;
planning meetings and interviews well in advance so that members can all be available at the same time . this includes arranging time for discussion of the job/personnel specification beforehand , time for making a joint preliminary selection from [use] forms/c.v.s , and time for the decision-making meeting afterwards ;

Only then can an application be made for full membership of the British Chiropractic Association .
only then can an [use] be made for full membership of the british chiropractic association .

Like sociologists , opinion pollsters believe that , by the application of scientific methodology , people can be treated as units for experimentation , like amoebae on a slide .
like sociologists , opinion pollsters believe that , by the [use] of scientific methodology , people can be treated as units for experimentation , like amoebae on a slide .

Much praised at the Evian conference for a bold offer to absorb up to 100,000 refugees , the Dominican Republic had closed its application list at 2000 .
much praised at the evian conference for a bold offer to absorb up to 100,000 refugees , the dominican republic had closed its [use] list at 2000 .

As competition for places on the Kindertransporte mounted to panic proportions , the chances of success turned increasingly on knowing the right people — an official who could hurry through an application or , more critically , someone in Britain who was willing to take on the financial responsibility of acting as a guarantor .
as competition for places on the kindertransporte mounted to panic proportions , the chances of success turned increasingly on knowing the right people — an official who could hurry through an [use] or , more critically , someone in britain who was willing to take on the financial responsibility of acting as a guarantor .

When Charlotte , ‘ a delicate and capable young person ’ , was caught travelling on the Underground without a ticket , it was not the 3s 6d fine that bothered her so much as the magistrate 's warning that , in consequence , her application for naturalisation might be rejected .
when charlotte , ‘ a delicate and capable young person ’ , was caught travelling on the underground without a ticket , it was not the 3s 6d fine that bothered her so much as the magistrate 's warning that , in consequence , her [use] for naturalisation might be rejected .

Thus , the search for jobs is not a period of inactivity — it involves finding out what jobs are available , sending off application forms , going to interviews and perhaps attending courses , all of which make job-searching a very busy time .
thus , the search for jobs is not a period of inactivity — it involves finding out what jobs are available , sending off [use] forms , going to interviews and perhaps attending courses , all of which make job-searching a very busy time .

Many countries have found that the application of certain anti-inflation policies has the effect of curbing the rate of economic growth and raising the level of unemployment .
many countries have found that the [use] of certain anti-inflation policies has the effect of curbing the rate of economic growth and raising the level of unemployment .

As an independent small library , all such decisions would be submitted to the library committee for consideration if they involved expenditure or day release implications ’ … ‘ Authorisation to attend courses must be obtained from the education chairman ’ … ‘ Control is exercised by the chairman of the establishment committee who needs to be convinced of the value of each and every application ’ … ‘ If the cost involved is very high , the Chief Officer of the Library Authority has to approve attendance ’ .
as an independent small library , all such decisions would be submitted to the library committee for consideration if they involved expenditure or day release implications ’ … ‘ authorisation to attend courses must be obtained from the education chairman ’ … ‘ control is exercised by the chairman of the establishment committee who needs to be convinced of the value of each and every [use] ’ … ‘ if the cost involved is very high , the chief officer of the library authority has to approve attendance ’ .

It is difficult to divorce the changes taking place in the fabric of Danzig 's social and political life from the wider application of Prussian policies in the eastern marches .
it is difficult to divorce the changes taking place in the fabric of danzig 's social and political life from the wider [use] of prussian policies in the eastern marches .

The combination of modern production methods , the application of modern accounting and business practice , the rapid growth of a disciplined industrial workforce , coupled with huge state subsidy , produced staggering results .
the combination of modern production methods , the [use] of modern accounting and business practice , the rapid growth of a disciplined industrial workforce , coupled with huge state subsidy , produced staggering results .

My computer models showed that at the beginning the swing ( about 230 ms before impact ) , the application of wrist torque bends the shaft backwards .
my computer models showed that at the beginning the swing ( about 230 ms before impact ) , the [use] of wrist torque bends the shaft backwards .

With the application of these conditions it is possible to conclude that when operating at capacity , in Ipswich the project saved £432 per week in institutional costs ( or £22,464 per annum ) and in Newham £460 per week ( or £23,920 per annum ) .
with the [use] of these conditions it is possible to conclude that when operating at capacity , in ipswich the project saved £432 per week in institutional costs ( or £22,464 per annum ) and in newham £460 per week ( or £23,920 per annum ) .

Most skin ( except the very sensitive ) will benefit from an application of live , full-fat natural yogurt , even without the addition of essential oils ( see page 77 ) .
most skin ( except the very sensitive ) will benefit from an [use] of live , full-fat natural yogurt , even without the addition of essential oils ( see page 77 ) .

The normal method of recovering the amount due is by application to the proper financial officer of the council , on the appropriate form of application as set out in the Regulations . It must be made perfectly clear that the member of the council was engaged on ‘ approved duty ’ which is defined in section 177(2) of the Local Government Act 1972 as follows : —
the normal method of recovering the amount due is by [use] to the proper financial officer of the council , on the appropriate form of [use] as set out in the regulations . it must be made perfectly clear that the member of the council was engaged on ‘ approved duty ’ which is defined in section 177(2) of the local government act 1972 as follows : —

But when he came to trade them in and filled in his application , he was told he was beyond the age limit .
but when he came to trade them in and filled in his [use] , he was told he was beyond the age limit .

The ‘ Serendipity ’ group teaching material emphasizes not only scriptural exposition and application , but opens up many areas of personal life experience , encouraging mutual involvement in each other 's discipleship .
the ‘ serendipity ’ group teaching material emphasizes not only scriptural exposition and [use] , but opens up many areas of personal life experience , encouraging mutual involvement in each other 's discipleship .

‘ The society therefore will be doing all in our power to oppose the current planning application by the company to intend tipping on the site to include domestic and non-hazardous chemical waste . ’
‘ the society therefore will be doing all in our power to oppose the current planning [use] by the company to intend tipping on the site to include domestic and non-hazardous chemical waste . ’

The spokesman continued : ‘ It is felt that this application is in no way connected with the rural brick works industry and is an entirely separate and commercial venture .
the spokesman continued : ‘ it is felt that this [use] is in no way connected with the rural brick works industry and is an entirely separate and commercial venture .

Spokesman Mr. Robinson said they were at the meeting to voice their objections to an application by Greenbanks Nursing Home to enlarge its premises .
spokesman mr. robinson said they were at the meeting to voice their objections to an [use] by greenbanks nursing home to enlarge its premises .

Anyone can make a planning application on any land even if they do not own the land .
anyone can make a planning [use] on any land even if they do not own the land .

The story began in 1977 , when an application was made by the brewery owning The Globe Inn , to demolish the derelict Pond View Cottages attached to the pub , to provide a car park .
the story began in 1977 , when an [use] was made by the brewery owning the globe inn , to demolish the derelict pond view cottages attached to the pub , to provide a car park .

The Alresford Society made strong protests , and the application was refused .
the alresford society made strong protests , and the [use] was refused .

Application had been made for a Winchester city grant to be spent on improving heating in the village hall .
[use] had been made for a winchester city grant to be spent on improving heating in the village hall .

Philip Tickner reported on planning applications , saying that the request to convert a barn at Pingleston into part living accommodation had been refused , and that application has been made to replace a bungalow at Godsfield , with a four bedroomed house .
philip tickner reported on planning applications , saying that the request to convert a barn at pingleston into part living accommodation had been refused , and that [use] has been made to replace a bungalow at godsfield , with a four bedroomed house .

Application was made two months later , and , in accordance with the rules , Chapman resigned from the Central League management committee .
[use] was made two months later , and , in accordance with the rules , chapman resigned from the central league management committee .

Constructive criticism of McClellan 's system is difficult since so few librarians have any practical experience of its application .
constructive criticism of mcclellan 's system is difficult since so few librarians have any practical experience of its [use] .

The application of a centre-entrance design to double-deckers was fairly unusual , the only other examples being seen in Sunderland , Aberdeen and Darwen .
the [use] of a centre-entrance design to double-deckers was fairly unusual , the only other examples being seen in sunderland , aberdeen and darwen .

It is owned by the National Trust ( identified by their sign ) and occupied by a tenant who will show the cottage to interested visitors on application at reasonable times .
it is owned by the national trust ( identified by their sign ) and occupied by a tenant who will show the cottage to interested visitors on [use] at reasonable times .

Some alterations have been made to it , such as substituting a cast-iron beam for the original timber one , but it is basically intact as built , and interested visitors can see it on application to the Coal Board 's local area office .
some alterations have been made to it , such as substituting a cast-iron beam for the original timber one , but it is basically intact as built , and interested visitors can see it on [use] to the coal board 's local area office .

It is packed with exhibits on the application of science to industry and technology , and there are many working models of machinery and equipment as well as full-size machines , engines and instruments .
it is packed with exhibits on the [use] of science to industry and technology , and there are many working models of machinery and equipment as well as full-size machines , engines and instruments .

The immediate application of this engine was in pumping water out of mine workings , which had often become so badly flooded that it was impossible for them to be worked , and pumps driven by waterwheels were unequal to the huge drainage problems .
the immediate [use] of this engine was in pumping water out of mine workings , which had often become so badly flooded that it was impossible for them to be worked , and pumps driven by waterwheels were unequal to the huge drainage problems .

Simply presenting an unfair dismissal application to an industrial tribunal is not , for instance , sufficient if you continue to report for work .
simply presenting an unfair dismissal [use] to an industrial tribunal is not , for instance , sufficient if you continue to report for work .

Ms Donovan eventually gave notice on this basis , but she later submitted an unfair dismissal application .
ms donovan eventually gave notice on this basis , but she later submitted an unfair dismissal [use] .

where you have missed the time limit for presenting an unfair dismissal application ( the normal limitation period for bringing an action for breach of contract in the civil courts is six years , rather than the strict three-month time limit for pursuing an unfair dismissal claim ) ;
where you have missed the time limit for presenting an unfair dismissal [use] ( the normal limitation period for bringing an action for breach of contract in the civil courts is six years , rather than the strict three-month time limit for pursuing an unfair dismissal claim ) ;

With careful thought and the application of ruthless logic , it may be possible to establish a much larger claim than you would have expected .
with careful thought and the [use] of ruthless logic , it may be possible to establish a much larger claim than you would have expected .

Firing off a writ or an unfair dismissal application may make you feel better for a little while , but you should think carefully before launching yourself into a full-scale battle .
firing off a writ or an unfair dismissal [use] may make you feel better for a little while , but you should think carefully before launching yourself into a full-scale battle .

To undertake strategic research , which takes the new ideas coming out of basic research and develops them to the point where the possibility of commercial application can be identified .
to undertake strategic research , which takes the new ideas coming out of basic research and develops them to the point where the possibility of commercial [use] can be identified .

We also need to develop bridges between academic research and its application .
we also need to develop bridges between academic research and its [use] .

In a recent letter to Nature ( 1991 , 354 , 114 ) three Italian scientists claimed that thixotropy , a property of certain gels to become liquid on the application of some external force , could account for the ‘ congealed blood ’ becoming liquid as the Archbishop agitates the phial .
in a recent letter to nature ( 1991 , 354 , 114 ) three italian scientists claimed that thixotropy , a property of certain gels to become liquid on the [use] of some external force , could account for the ‘ congealed blood ’ becoming liquid as the archbishop agitates the phial .

One application for the X-ray destruction method could be in the politically sensitive area of destroying chemical weapons .
one [use] for the x-ray destruction method could be in the politically sensitive area of destroying chemical weapons .

Launching the Labour Party 's policy document on science and technology , the shadow science and technology spokesman , Dr Jeremy Bray , said that ‘ we are persuaded that there is a need for a new system of intermediate institutions — which will be called Newton Institutes — to form a bridge between the world of academic research and its application ’ .
launching the labour party 's policy document on science and technology , the shadow science and technology spokesman , dr jeremy bray , said that ‘ we are persuaded that there is a need for a new system of intermediate institutions — which will be called newton institutes — to form a bridge between the world of academic research and its [use] ’ .

The first application will most likely be in treating rheumatoid arthritis .
the first [use] will most likely be in treating rheumatoid arthritis .

An important environmental application is the cleaning of oily water in the offshore oil industry .
an important environmental [use] is the cleaning of oily water in the offshore oil industry .

Chromatograms are automatically analysed and detailed reports can be tailored to the application .
chromatograms are automatically analysed and detailed reports can be tailored to the [use] .

Standard application forms are used by many companies .
standard [use] forms are used by many companies .

The first sift has to be based on the written application , hence the need for a good form and experienced people who are able to make suitable assessments of candidates ' experience , and strengths and weaknesses against the requirements of the job .
the first sift has to be based on the written [use] , hence the need for a good form and experienced people who are able to make suitable assessments of candidates ' experience , and strengths and weaknesses against the requirements of the job .

His group is also known for the application of light scattering procedures to viral and bacterial systems .
his group is also known for the [use] of light scattering procedures to viral and bacterial systems .

Application of this diet has produced encouraging results in essential hypertensives ( Dodson & Humphreys , 1981 ) .
[use] of this diet has produced encouraging results in essential hypertensives ( dodson & humphreys , 1981 ) .

Platelet structure and its relationship to platelet function has been given tremendous impetus , through the application of electromicroscopy to the study of platelet anatomy and the development of techniques for isolation of physiologically active platelets and their preservation for ultrastructural study .
platelet structure and its relationship to platelet function has been given tremendous impetus , through the [use] of electromicroscopy to the study of platelet anatomy and the development of techniques for isolation of physiologically active platelets and their preservation for ultrastructural study .

It may have a wider application with the advent of ‘ pen ’ syringes now available utilising cartridges for short-acting insulin .
it may have a wider [use] with the advent of ‘ pen ’ syringes now available utilising cartridges for short-acting insulin .

Initially , two application packages were examined , both of which had been developed for privately run EPHs and emphasised the medical aspects of residential care .
initially , two [use] packages were examined , both of which had been developed for privately run ephs and emphasised the medical aspects of residential care .

Procedure Audit — An Example Application
procedure audit — an example [use]

To test this particular application of Procedure Audit , a monitoring process was established in a section of thirty persons , and the administrative assistant briefed to record the number of queries referred back over a period of two months .
to test this particular [use] of procedure audit , a monitoring process was established in a section of thirty persons , and the administrative assistant briefed to record the number of queries referred back over a period of two months .

Application Guidelines
[use] guidelines

This is in marked contrast to their application in stationary axisymmetric space-times , where the Ernst equation only determines potentials for the fields .
this is in marked contrast to their [use] in stationary axisymmetric space-times , where the ernst equation only determines potentials for the fields .

Halilsoy ( 1987 ) has considered an application of the transformation to the above solution .
halilsoy ( 1987 ) has considered an [use] of the transformation to the above solution .

Is the only explanation to be found in the liberal application of intention in interpreting trusts ?
is the only explanation to be found in the liberal [use] of intention in interpreting trusts ?

There is a good deal of evidence elsewhere in the Digest to show that in civil-law dispositions too intention was regarded as the key to application of a condition or a term ; and this goes back as early as Pegasus .
there is a good deal of evidence elsewhere in the digest to show that in civil-law dispositions too intention was regarded as the key to [use] of a condition or a term ; and this goes back as early as pegasus .

Trust clauses are found in wills but their field of application is outside them .
trust clauses are found in wills but their field of [use] is outside them .

What he was actually talking about was the application of the lex Iulia et Papia ; and what he meant no doubt was that , for the purposes of those statutes , the rules expressed for legacies apply to trusts and gifts upon death too .
what he was actually talking about was the [use] of the lex iulia et papia ; and what he meant no doubt was that , for the purposes of those statutes , the rules expressed for legacies apply to trusts and gifts upon death too .

Trusts , after all , could still feature in unconfirmed codicils , although with the post-classical application of formal requirements to all kinds of documents even this difference soon became nugatory .
trusts , after all , could still feature in unconfirmed codicils , although with the post-classical [use] of formal requirements to all kinds of documents even this difference soon became nugatory .

The best undergraduate studies usually come from the students who can see the possible application of a theory or concept to a specific empirical example .
the best undergraduate studies usually come from the students who can see the possible [use] of a theory or concept to a specific empirical example .

Unfortunately their ideas have not been tested out a great deal in other areas of London or the rest of the country , so we can not be at all sure whether the findings they claim are appropriate for application to the whole of our society are in fact so .
unfortunately their ideas have not been tested out a great deal in other areas of london or the rest of the country , so we can not be at all sure whether the findings they claim are appropriate for [use] to the whole of our society are in fact so .

Table 2 gives a general idea of the application of these two factors , and for illustrative convenience a two-by-two box has been constructed with four illustrative forms of observation in the boxes .
table 2 gives a general idea of the [use] of these two factors , and for illustrative convenience a two-by-two box has been constructed with four illustrative forms of observation in the boxes .

For this is not a journey of peace and tranquillity but a struggle requiring constant effort and application .
for this is not a journey of peace and tranquillity but a struggle requiring constant effort and [use] .

The world 's computer market is awash with software programs for every kind of application .
the world 's computer market is awash with software programs for every kind of [use] .

It is the new paganism , or rather the old variety with a facelift and a fresh application of make-up .
it is the new paganism , or rather the old variety with a facelift and a fresh [use] of make-up .

Such recall of information and application to the present situation may change our decision on how to act … .
such recall of information and [use] to the present situation may change our decision on how to act … .

Another interesting innovation was their application to the conveyance of bulk liquids .
another interesting innovation was their [use] to the conveyance of bulk liquids .

John made international strikers appear anonymous ; he constantly inspired his colleagues , drawing every ounce of energy and application from them ; his headed clearances saved us in scores of tight situations and his red hair stood out like a beacon .
john made international strikers appear anonymous ; he constantly inspired his colleagues , drawing every ounce of energy and [use] from them ; his headed clearances saved us in scores of tight situations and his red hair stood out like a beacon .

application .
[use] .

Allied to the reference work available on open access in the Science Library is a collection of some 50,000 books on all aspects of science and technology , including the commercial application .
allied to the reference work available on open access in the science library is a collection of some 50,000 books on all aspects of science and technology , including the commercial [use] .

On completion of the business plan the regional co-ordinator will visit them to discuss the final application .
on completion of the business plan the regional co-ordinator will visit them to discuss the final [use] .

For their younger pupils , some secondary schools combine two or three subjects in ‘ humanities ’ or ‘ integrated science ’ , putting the emphasis on understanding and application of skills .
for their younger pupils , some secondary schools combine two or three subjects in ‘ humanities ’ or ‘ integrated science ’ , putting the emphasis on understanding and [use] of skills .

This can be a vacuous form of words , conveniently forgotten as students settle down in their maths , their physics , their geography lessons to acquire ideas which are , we acknowledge , of potential general application , but which are likely to be of little use if the connections between theory and practice are not made explicitly .
this can be a vacuous form of words , conveniently forgotten as students settle down in their maths , their physics , their geography lessons to acquire ideas which are , we acknowledge , of potential general [use] , but which are likely to be of little use if the connections between theory and practice are not made explicitly .

In emphasising how theoretical study can be applied , in practice we are equally conscious of how the application of ideas in a wide range of specific context can contribute to the ‘ academic ’ pursuit of identifying general theories and models , traditionally taught and still to be taught through disciplines which often impose rather arbitrary boundaries of content .
in emphasising how theoretical study can be applied , in practice we are equally conscious of how the [use] of ideas in a wide range of specific context can contribute to the ‘ academic ’ pursuit of identifying general theories and models , traditionally taught and still to be taught through disciplines which often impose rather arbitrary boundaries of content .

But to present the ‘ regions of application ’ model as our only version of the curriculum in our prospectus would be to put us out of business .
but to present the ‘ regions of [use] ’ model as our only version of the curriculum in our prospectus would be to put us out of business .

The regions of application have been amalgamated with the National Curriculum cross-curricular themes .
the regions of [use] have been amalgamated with the national curriculum cross-curricular themes .

We must receive your application on or before that date .
we must receive your [use] on or before that date .

All you need to do is complete the application form and return it with a cheque for the amount you wish to invest ( minimum £5,000 ) .
all you need to do is complete the [use] form and return it with a cheque for the amount you wish to invest ( minimum £5,000 ) .

Full details of the standard Terms and Conditions of the Guaranteed Capital Bond can be found in the policy documents . Copies of these and your application form are available on request from Midland Life Limited
full details of the standard terms and conditions of the guaranteed capital bond can be found in the policy documents . copies of these and your [use] form are available on request from midland life limited

To apply for Meridian simply complete the attached application form and return it to your local Midland branch .
to apply for meridian simply complete the attached [use] form and return it to your local midland branch .

The art was a practical application of sure and scientific principles to the preservation of health in domestic animals , and to the cure of their diseases .
the art was a practical [use] of sure and scientific principles to the preservation of health in domestic animals , and to the cure of their diseases .

However he considered that Vial ‘ was a man of such good natural abilities that when his mind was at ease , he had so much application that his deficiencies , had he lived , might have been in a great measure made up ’ .
however he considered that vial ‘ was a man of such good natural abilities that when his mind was at ease , he had so much [use] that his deficiencies , had he lived , might have been in a great measure made up ’ .

In Mr Coleman 's early career , and even until within a very few years , the veterinary art , so far as regards its application to cattle , sheep , swine , dogs , etc .
in mr coleman 's early career , and even until within a very few years , the veterinary art , so far as regards its [use] to cattle , sheep , swine , dogs , etc .

Naturally , he took a great interest in horse-shoeing , and horseshoes seem to have been a main interest in his continental journeys– He had a great fondness for the application of setons , particularly in cases of lameness — a curious lapse for such a humane man .
naturally , he took a great interest in horse-shoeing , and horseshoes seem to have been a main interest in his continental journeys– he had a great fondness for the [use] of setons , particularly in cases of lameness — a curious lapse for such a humane man .

Partnerships might consider the relative advantages and disadvantages of examination and record of achievement systems in terms of their cost-effectiveness , their reliability and breadth of application , their influence upon the curriculum , and on the teaching and learning time they consume .
partnerships might consider the relative advantages and disadvantages of examination and record of achievement systems in terms of their cost-effectiveness , their reliability and breadth of [use] , their influence upon the curriculum , and on the teaching and learning time they consume .

The disposal authority , which is the county council for this purpose , may not reject an application for a disposal licence on the grounds of possible or existing odour pollution which is not prejudicial to health but is merely detrimental to the amenity of the area .
the disposal authority , which is the county council for this purpose , may not reject an [use] for a disposal licence on the grounds of possible or existing odour pollution which is not prejudicial to health but is merely detrimental to the amenity of the area .

It is in fact the duty of the disposal authority not to reject the application unless planning permission is still required for the use of the site , for the purpose of preventing pollution of water or danger to public health .
it is in fact the duty of the disposal authority not to reject the [use] unless planning permission is still required for the use of the site , for the purpose of preventing pollution of water or danger to public health .

Other planning authorities prefer not to impose standard conditions but refer each application on its own merits , and whenever there is a likelihood of odour emission the matter is referred to the Director of Environmental Health and his advice either incorporated into the planning application or is covered by a condition .
other planning authorities prefer not to impose standard conditions but refer each [use] on its own merits , and whenever there is a likelihood of odour emission the matter is referred to the director of environmental health and his advice either incorporated into the planning [use] or is covered by a condition .

Section 52 agreements can be advantageous both to the developer and the local authority , but there is a drawback in that if one of the parties , usually the developer or his successor in title , wish to alter the agreement , then in the absence of consensus , the only way is by application to the Lands Tribunal under s.84 of the Law of Property Act 1925 .
section 52 agreements can be advantageous both to the developer and the local authority , but there is a drawback in that if one of the parties , usually the developer or his successor in title , wish to alter the agreement , then in the absence of consensus , the only way is by [use] to the lands tribunal under s.84 of the law of property act 1925 .

Following the case of Re Beecham Group Ltd 's Application there seems to be a good chance of any restriction contained in a s.52 agreement being modified or discharged on application ; the Tribunal in that case modifying a restriction contained in a s.52 agreement to allow development , on the basis that the local authority would suffer no injury if the restriction was modified .
following the case of re beecham group ltd 's [use] there seems to be a good chance of any restriction contained in a s.52 agreement being modified or discharged on [use] ; the tribunal in that case modifying a restriction contained in a s.52 agreement to allow development , on the basis that the local authority would suffer no injury if the restriction was modified .

As control methods they have the advantage of low capital outlay , although there is the ongoing need to purchase the masking and counteracting agent , as and when necessary , and case of application , being particularly valuable where other methods can not be applied .
as control methods they have the advantage of low capital outlay , although there is the ongoing need to purchase the masking and counteracting agent , as and when necessary , and case of [use] , being particularly valuable where other methods can not be applied .

and phosphorus compounds , which reduces the effectiveness of the catalyst and makes its useful service life , in any particular application , difficult to predict .
and phosphorus compounds , which reduces the effectiveness of the catalyst and makes its useful service life , in any particular [use] , difficult to predict .

For example , reading time and related on-line measures can be used to determine the relative speed of reference resolution ( cf Garrod & Sanford 1982 for an application to plural anaphora ) .
for example , reading time and related on-line measures can be used to determine the relative speed of reference resolution ( cf garrod & sanford 1982 for an [use] to plural anaphora ) .

In its application to language processing ( Johnson-Laird 1983 ; Garnham 1987 ) , the mental models approach derives in part from the earlier ideas of Bransford ( e.g .
in its [use] to language processing ( johnson-laird 1983 ; garnham 1987 ) , the mental models approach derives in part from the earlier ideas of bransford ( e.g .

Also , the scale of the problems tends to be smaller ; for example , there are , typically , far fewer anaphors than phonemes in a sentence , and fewer focused candidate referents for a pronoun than ( in a large-vocabulary application ) candidate words to be considered for a given portion of speech .
also , the scale of the problems tends to be smaller ; for example , there are , typically , far fewer anaphors than phonemes in a sentence , and fewer focused candidate referents for a pronoun than ( in a large-vocabulary [use] ) candidate words to be considered for a given portion of speech .

Later work in this tradition , where the rules of application seem much less complex , although specified in less detail , includes that of Grosz , Joshi & Weinstein ( 1983 ) and Brennan , Friedman & Pollard ( 1987 ) .
later work in this tradition , where the rules of [use] seem much less complex , although specified in less detail , includes that of grosz , joshi & weinstein ( 1983 ) and brennan , friedman & pollard ( 1987 ) .

Either it refers to behaviour which does not have to be learned or it refers to behaviour which has been so thoroughly learned that it can be done ‘ naturally ’ , ie without conscious thought and application .
either it refers to behaviour which does not have to be learned or it refers to behaviour which has been so thoroughly learned that it can be done ‘ naturally ’ , ie without conscious thought and [use] .

And despite detailed empirical application in France no major investigation of local politics has been carried out in Britain using these ideas .
and despite detailed empirical [use] in france no major investigation of local politics has been carried out in britain using these ideas .

Any conclusions based on data collected in such a small number of schools , from just three LEAs , are bound to have limited application and , clearly , there are dangers in making sweeping statements based on this research . However , one statement can be made and substantiated :
any conclusions based on data collected in such a small number of schools , from just three leas , are bound to have limited [use] and , clearly , there are dangers in making sweeping statements based on this research . however , one statement can be made and substantiated :

We describe below the practical application of this principle for establishment and the provision of services within the Community .
we describe below the practical [use] of this principle for establishment and the provision of services within the community .

In the first place , the nationality of the company vis-à-vis the country in which it is providing services is not the factor which triggers the application of Community law .
in the first place , the nationality of the company vis-à-vis the country in which it is providing services is not the factor which triggers the [use] of community law .

It is arguable that the application of conduct of business rules must be justified on the grounds of the general good , to which the above criteria will apply .
it is arguable that the [use] of conduct of business rules must be justified on the grounds of the general good , to which the above criteria will apply .

The Commission has not yet produced a revised proposal of general application .
the commission has not yet produced a revised proposal of general [use] .

In theory these developments should allow undertakings to avoid the application of Article 85 ( 1 ) if they can produce economic evidence to show that there is no effect in the market .
in theory these developments should allow undertakings to avoid the [use] of article 85 ( 1 ) if they can produce economic evidence to show that there is no effect in the market .

On 22 December 1986 the Council of Ministers adopted four Regulations , the effect of which was to implement the application of the competition rules of the Treaty of Rome to the maritime transport sector .
on 22 december 1986 the council of ministers adopted four regulations , the effect of which was to implement the [use] of the competition rules of the treaty of rome to the maritime transport sector .

Even where an undertaking does fall within the exemption , the competition rules will apply if their application does not obstruct the performance of the specific functions of the undertaking concerned .
even where an undertaking does fall within the exemption , the competition rules will apply if their [use] does not obstruct the performance of the specific functions of the undertaking concerned .

The Commission , which ( pursuant to Article 87 of the Treaty of Rome and secondary Community legislation ) is charged with the primary task of enforcing the competition rules , has defined a number of instances where restrictive agreements or arrangements fall outside the scope of application of Article 85 .
the commission , which ( pursuant to article 87 of the treaty of rome and secondary community legislation ) is charged with the primary task of enforcing the competition rules , has defined a number of instances where restrictive agreements or arrangements fall outside the scope of [use] of article 85 .

Since the object of an application for exemption is to secure the legal validity of an agreement , the exemption procedure is often unsatisfactory .
since the object of an [use] for exemption is to secure the legal validity of an agreement , the exemption procedure is often unsatisfactory .

Their application to mergers therefore tends to lead to uncertainty and instability , instead of providing the orderly framework and timetable essential for the conduct of public share acquisitions and takeover bids .
their [use] to mergers therefore tends to lead to uncertainty and instability , instead of providing the orderly framework and timetable essential for the conduct of public share acquisitions and takeover bids .

This section refers to Council Regulation 4064/89 on the control of concentrations between undertakings ( the Merger Regulation ) and to the various Regulations and Notices adopted by the Commission in application of the Merger Regulation , as well as to interpretative statements published by the Commission and the Council at the time of its adoption .
this section refers to council regulation 4064/89 on the control of concentrations between undertakings ( the merger regulation ) and to the various regulations and notices adopted by the commission in [use] of the merger regulation , as well as to interpretative statements published by the commission and the council at the time of its adoption .

Unfortunately , the introduction of the Merger Regulation does not entirely preclude the application of Articles 85 and 86 in merger situations under the doctrines developed in Continental Can and Philip Morris .
unfortunately , the introduction of the merger regulation does not entirely preclude the [use] of articles 85 and 86 in merger situations under the doctrines developed in continental can and philip morris .

In 1968 the Commission responded to requests from industry to indicate its view of the application of the competition rules to cooperation between enterprises by issuing a formal Notice .
in 1968 the commission responded to requests from industry to indicate its view of the [use] of the competition rules to cooperation between enterprises by issuing a formal notice .

Arrangements such as joint market research , and the joint execution of research work up to the stage of industrial application , were stated to be compatible with Article 85 ( 1 ) , provided that participating companies did not restrict their freedom of action .
arrangements such as joint market research , and the joint execution of research work up to the stage of industrial [use] , were stated to be compatible with article 85 ( 1 ) , provided that participating companies did not restrict their freedom of action .

It is independent of the application and it should facilitate explanations , i.e .
it is independent of the [use] and it should facilitate explanations , i.e .

3 . The Level of Application of Expert Systems Technology in Aircraft Maintenance
3 . the level of [use] of expert systems technology in aircraft maintenance

Fault diagnosis expert systems is still the most popular application with the following characteristics :
fault diagnosis expert systems is still the most popular [use] with the following characteristics :

This application is becoming increasingly important today having the following characteristics :
this [use] is becoming increasingly important today having the following characteristics :

This application would be in the form of a new ‘ breed ’ of expert systems that will be used in aircraft maintenance .
this [use] would be in the form of a new ‘ breed ’ of expert systems that will be used in aircraft maintenance .

The application of expert systems in aircraft maintenance would lead to the integration of its four generations that are ( more or less ) used today in the aviation industry .
the [use] of expert systems in aircraft maintenance would lead to the integration of its four generations that are ( more or less ) used today in the aviation industry .

The complex and dynamic environment in which fault finding has to take place provides an ideal application area for knowledge based system technology .
the complex and dynamic environment in which fault finding has to take place provides an ideal [use] area for knowledge based system technology .

Recent claims suggest that ‘ Diagnostic expert systems can be classed as the fastest growing functional area for expert system development today ’ , and that their application is making a significant contribution to efficient handling of complex system failure diagnosis .
recent claims suggest that ‘ diagnostic expert systems can be classed as the fastest growing functional area for expert system development today ’ , and that their [use] is making a significant contribution to efficient handling of complex system failure diagnosis .

One such initiative is that presented by the application of advanced expert systems to aircraft maintenance operations .
one such initiative is that presented by the [use] of advanced expert systems to aircraft maintenance operations .

Data , information and expertise are domain specific , ie they are specific to a particular application .
data , information and expertise are domain specific , ie they are specific to a particular [use] .

He would admit , when brought to it , that the bulldog policies of this Niccolò had achieved what he himself , had he cared , could have brought about several years ago , with some small application .
he would admit , when brought to it , that the bulldog policies of this niccolò had achieved what he himself , had he cared , could have brought about several years ago , with some small [use] .

Or just complete and send us the application form overleaf , and we shall send your membership card and pack within 28 days .
or just complete and send us the [use] form overleaf , and we shall send your membership card and pack within 28 days .

Educational tours and special adult tours are arranged the year round upon advance application only ( January excepted ) .
educational tours and special adult tours are arranged the year round upon advance [use] only ( january excepted ) .

Your application will then be passed to the organization of your choice by Tattoo Office staff .
your [use] will then be passed to the organization of your choice by tattoo office staff .

The screw was only allowed to be effective where nothing could possibly be effected by its application .
the screw was only allowed to be effective where nothing could possibly be effected by its [use] .

The card belonged to the bank who issued it under a Credit Agreement , regulated by the Consumer Credit Act 1974 , to those who gave what they considered satisfactory answers to the questions put in their application forms .
the card belonged to the bank who issued it under a credit agreement , regulated by the consumer credit act 1974 , to those who gave what they considered satisfactory answers to the questions put in their [use] forms .

The applicant had to sign agreement to a statement that confirmed he or she was not less than eighteen years of age , and they understood that the bank reserved the right to decline the application without being required to state any reason , and that no correspondence would be entered into in those circumstances .
the applicant had to sign agreement to a statement that confirmed he or she was not less than eighteen years of age , and they understood that the bank reserved the right to decline the [use] without being required to state any reason , and that no correspondence would be entered into in those circumstances .

Few were tempted by credit cards , debit cards , store cards or account cards to overstretch themselves , but ‘ in several moments of madness ’ Allison Battye was able to do so at Harrods , the House of Fraser store in Knightsbridge , to the tune of £2,300 on a card which Harrods had given her on the strength of her claiming on the application form that she was in employment , which was not true .
few were tempted by credit cards , debit cards , store cards or account cards to overstretch themselves , but ‘ in several moments of madness ’ allison battye was able to do so at harrods , the house of fraser store in knightsbridge , to the tune of £2,300 on a card which harrods had given her on the strength of her claiming on the [use] form that she was in employment , which was not true .

If either partner is not a member of the Society their application must be approved in writing by two adult members of the Society .
if either partner is not a member of the society their [use] must be approved in writing by two adult members of the society .

Just to get really morbid , it is worth pointing out that death does not automatically extinguish debts on bank accounts personal loans and credit cards , hence the offer of insurance which is usually incorporated in the relevant loan/credit card application form .
just to get really morbid , it is worth pointing out that death does not automatically extinguish debts on bank accounts personal loans and credit cards , hence the offer of insurance which is usually incorporated in the relevant loan/credit card [use] form .

The data used as a source of information on dosimetry are not valid for application to the Windscale fire release because they apply to polonium-210 in the environment in equilibrium with its precursors in the uranium-238 decay chain .
the data used as a source of information on dosimetry are not valid for [use] to the windscale fire release because they apply to polonium-210 in the environment in equilibrium with its precursors in the uranium-238 decay chain .

An important application could be in low-speed urban rail systems , which often have tight corners .
an important [use] could be in low-speed urban rail systems , which often have tight corners .

Prandtl 's conclusions as to the efficacy of the Magnus effect in Flettner 's application were confirmed only recently by the results of an extensive study done carried only recently by the results of an extensive study done at the University of Dayton 's Research Institute .
prandtl 's conclusions as to the efficacy of the magnus effect in flettner 's [use] were confirmed only recently by the results of an extensive study done carried only recently by the results of an extensive study done at the university of dayton 's research institute .

Often the first application should be delayed as long as possible to avoid killing parasites and predators .
often the first [use] should be delayed as long as possible to avoid killing parasites and predators .

Some parasites of insect eggs , for instance , can stop a small population of pests from increasing , so application of a pesticide has to he timed according to the number of the larvae of the pests rather than the number of their eggs .
some parasites of insect eggs , for instance , can stop a small population of pests from increasing , so [use] of a pesticide has to he timed according to the number of the larvae of the pests rather than the number of their eggs .

The technology of application of chemicals can also be improved .
the technology of [use] of chemicals can also be improved .

Despite the duo-bus 's advantages , ( it is quiet and pollution-free ) ‘ its application in practice is unsatisfactory .
despite the duo-bus 's advantages , ( it is quiet and pollution-free ) ‘ its [use] in practice is unsatisfactory .

Past links between the civil use of nuclear power and its military application are clearly documented , giving the lie to government blandishments that there are no connections .
past links between the civil use of nuclear power and its military [use] are clearly documented , giving the lie to government blandishments that there are no connections .

The application of nuclear and radiation physics sees a steady increase in the number of titles .
the [use] of nuclear and radiation physics sees a steady increase in the number of titles .

Each application delivers 3 to 5 ml of gel and the patient is exposed to as much as 60 milligrams of fluoride for four to five minutes .
each [use] delivers 3 to 5 ml of gel and the patient is exposed to as much as 60 milligrams of fluoride for four to five minutes .

The biggest industrial application for robots in Britain , accounting for 249 machines , is spot welding .
the biggest industrial [use] for robots in britain , accounting for 249 machines , is spot welding .

In British patent application 2 101 060 the company acknowledges that pilots can reduce the nuisance value of aircraft noise by reducing the thrust of their engines while flying over densely populated areas near airports .
in british patent [use] 2 101 060 the company acknowledges that pilots can reduce the nuisance value of aircraft noise by reducing the thrust of their engines while flying over densely populated areas near airports .

The first application of the device will be in hotels and hospitals .
the first [use] of the device will be in hotels and hospitals .

This was the point at which he drew up his application for the Mandan Foundation grant .
this was the point at which he drew up his [use] for the mandan foundation grant .

The Myths of Human Evolution is an application of the punctuationist viewpoint to human evolution .
the myths of human evolution is an [use] of the punctuationist viewpoint to human evolution .

Gone are the days when organisations automatically recruited new graduates irrespective of their degree topic on the basis that three years at university show that someone has the intelligence and application needed to hold down a job .
gone are the days when organisations automatically recruited new graduates irrespective of their degree topic on the basis that three years at university show that someone has the intelligence and [use] needed to hold down a job .

British patent application 2 098 946 outlines a plan for a kite sail for ships , while 2098950 gives some details of how to launch it in the air .
british patent [use] 2 098 946 outlines a plan for a kite sail for ships , while 2098950 gives some details of how to launch it in the air .

Application 82/04169 , filed by Shause sA , describes a modification of calculators that emit different bleep tones when each key is pressed .
[use] 82/04169 , filed by shause sa , describes a modification of calculators that emit different bleep tones when each key is pressed .

In September 1972 Kalb applied to the Forge Foundation for funds , and in his application described the geology of the Hadar region of Ethiopia .
in september 1972 kalb applied to the forge foundation for funds , and in his [use] described the geology of the hadar region of ethiopia .

He sent a copy of the application to Johanson .
he sent a copy of the [use] to johanson .

In October 1980 Zuccarelli filed a European patent application , covering nine countries including Britain .
in october 1980 zuccarelli filed a european patent [use] , covering nine countries including britain .

This application now published , as number 50 100 , is freely available .
this [use] now published , as number 50 100 , is freely available .

The cost of application alone is around £2000 and Zuccarelli has already paid an extra £500 to keep the application alive for a further stage of official examination .
the cost of [use] alone is around £2000 and zuccarelli has already paid an extra £500 to keep the [use] alive for a further stage of official examination .

Thus , the introduction of inventory ordering by retailers from wholesalers or manufacturers is not introduced — though this is a rapidly growing application for viewdata .
thus , the introduction of inventory ordering by retailers from wholesalers or manufacturers is not introduced — though this is a rapidly growing [use] for viewdata .

Upjohn submitted a licence application for Depo-Provera in Canada earlier this year .
upjohn submitted a licence [use] for depo-provera in canada earlier this year .

For example , the sophisticated mathematics used in cosmology say could find wider application ( particularly in engineering — but see later ) .
for example , the sophisticated mathematics used in cosmology say could find wider [use] ( particularly in engineering — but see later ) .

The application of sophisticated mathematical techniques and other Blue Skies approaches in engineering may come about through collaboration , but the important point to realise is that once formal or rigorous methods have been developed and applied successfully in one field of engineering , they may be applicable , suitably modified , to others and perhaps lead to more reliable specifications and designs in general .
the [use] of sophisticated mathematical techniques and other blue skies approaches in engineering may come about through collaboration , but the important point to realise is that once formal or rigorous methods have been developed and applied successfully in one field of engineering , they may be applicable , suitably modified , to others and perhaps lead to more reliable specifications and designs in general .

But there is a simmering controversy concerning the application of the redshift/ distance rule derived from ordinary galaxies to quasars and peculiar galaxies .
but there is a simmering controversy concerning the [use] of the redshift/ distance rule derived from ordinary galaxies to quasars and peculiar galaxies .

What is most interesting is that the application of a single chemical triggers a whole series of developmental events , from the manifestation of coiling growth to the formation of haustoria .
what is most interesting is that the [use] of a single chemical triggers a whole series of developmental events , from the manifestation of coiling growth to the formation of haustoria .

Redondo Beach in California , for instance , the material withstood a battering of 42000 cars a day for six months , while paint needed a fresh application every six months .
redondo beach in california , for instance , the material withstood a battering of 42000 cars a day for six months , while paint needed a fresh [use] every six months .

He said that widespread application will depend on the availability of ready-mixed , preheated epoflex in 25 kg blocks .
he said that widespread [use] will depend on the availability of ready-mixed , preheated epoflex in 25 kg blocks .

Tito , at the age of 87 , was forced to stay alive for a few extra weeks by the vigorous application of every last trick of the medical trade , including the use of a kidney machine , long after it was apparent that he had reached the end of a pretty long road .
tito , at the age of 87 , was forced to stay alive for a few extra weeks by the vigorous [use] of every last trick of the medical trade , including the use of a kidney machine , long after it was apparent that he had reached the end of a pretty long road .

There are two ways , not mutually exclusive , by which goals may be set and subsequently made public — through a political announcement of national policy and philosophy and its application to the school system and/or by seeking some form of consensus through a commission , review or national symposium .
there are two ways , not mutually exclusive , by which goals may be set and subsequently made public — through a political announcement of national policy and philosophy and its [use] to the school system and/or by seeking some form of consensus through a commission , review or national symposium .

The goals must be debated and discussed until their true implications are appreciated , then their application worked out in terms of the curriculum planning and development decisions they imply at the various stages of the educational process .
the goals must be debated and discussed until their true implications are appreciated , then their [use] worked out in terms of the curriculum planning and development decisions they imply at the various stages of the educational process .

Elsewhere , too , there have been significant statements : the Kenya Government Sessional Paper ‘ African Socialism and its Application to Planning in Kenya ’ ( 1965 ) , ’ Seretse Khama 's ‘ Education for a Nation ’ ( 1969 ) , a speech which deserves to be better known than it is , and the statement of the Imbokodvo National Movement in Swaziland ( 1972 ) .
elsewhere , too , there have been significant statements : the kenya government sessional paper ‘ african socialism and its [use] to planning in kenya ’ ( 1965 ) , ’ seretse khama 's ‘ education for a nation ’ ( 1969 ) , a speech which deserves to be better known than it is , and the statement of the imbokodvo national movement in swaziland ( 1972 ) .

By midlife more than a nightly application of cream may be needed to keep feet happy and comfortable .
by midlife more than a nightly [use] of cream may be needed to keep feet happy and comfortable .

Make one application of shampoo only .
make one [use] of shampoo only .

It is here that the ambiguity about the application of the term ‘ incomer ’ comes to an end .
it is here that the ambiguity about the [use] of the term ‘ incomer ’ comes to an end .

The Council 's newly formed Planning Department , staffed by relative newcomers to public administration , was extremely zealous in the application of the regulations in their strictest sense as a means of establishing both the importance of the planning function and the place of the department within the hierarchy of the Kirkwall administration .
the council 's newly formed planning department , staffed by relative newcomers to public administration , was extremely zealous in the [use] of the regulations in their strictest sense as a means of establishing both the importance of the planning function and the place of the department within the hierarchy of the kirkwall administration .

Nevertheless , they were not immune to public pressure nor to the machinations of some of their fellow councillors and critics , and the realisation that their policy was not as flexible 85 they had hoped , they started to liberalise it both in its written form and its application to particular cases .
nevertheless , they were not immune to public pressure nor to the machinations of some of their fellow councillors and critics , and the realisation that their policy was not as flexible 85 they had hoped , they started to liberalise it both in its written form and its [use] to particular cases .

In any case , it is doubtful if its present followers would give much support to such an extension , for it is a religion which claims to confer privileges , including territorial ones , and privileges , by definition , can not have universal application .
in any case , it is doubtful if its present followers would give much support to such an extension , for it is a religion which claims to confer privileges , including territorial ones , and privileges , by definition , can not have universal [use] .

This state of human ability was reached centuries ago , but the power of the hierarchy was such that it made the application of reason to religious belief heretical and punishable , and has successfully delayed its application even into this late twentieth century .
this state of human ability was reached centuries ago , but the power of the hierarchy was such that it made the [use] of reason to religious belief heretical and punishable , and has successfully delayed its [use] even into this late twentieth century .

Some have been constructed on the strictest scientific principles , objective testings , the application of complicated formulae , and tables and charts .
some have been constructed on the strictest scientific principles , objective testings , the [use] of complicated formulae , and tables and charts .

For librarians , giving support means not only the application of our expert knowledge and experience to provide materials and services but also , and more particularly , providing caring interest , belief in the individual 's importance , and confidence in the individual 's abilities .
for librarians , giving support means not only the [use] of our expert knowledge and experience to provide materials and services but also , and more particularly , providing caring interest , belief in the individual 's importance , and confidence in the individual 's abilities .

The most obvious example of such foresight being required is in the use and application of the ‘ new technology ’ .
the most obvious example of such foresight being required is in the use and [use] of the ‘ new technology ’ .

The resources necessary to discharge the functions of a surveying practice may not be scarce , but these functions grow increasingly costly and therefore efficiency in the application of those resources is essential in running a successful practice .
the resources necessary to discharge the functions of a surveying practice may not be scarce , but these functions grow increasingly costly and therefore efficiency in the [use] of those resources is essential in running a successful practice .

Practice development is a lengthy process requiring continued application and review .
practice development is a lengthy process requiring continued [use] and review .

Not only is he generally responsible for the system but he also receives all appeals from refusals of permission , and has the power to call in any application for decision by himself rather than leave it with the district council .
not only is he generally responsible for the system but he also receives all appeals from refusals of permission , and has the power to call in any [use] for decision by himself rather than leave it with the district council .

Furthermore , the conditions can not impose a positive obligation , a financial payment or relate to land outside the application or the control of the applicant .
furthermore , the conditions can not impose a positive obligation , a financial payment or relate to land outside the [use] or the control of the applicant .

If the planning permission does not specify a time , the Act provides for the period to be five years , or two years after the approval of all reserve matters for the start of development and three years for the application for approval of all reserve matters .
if the planning permission does not specify a time , the act provides for the period to be five years , or two years after the approval of all reserve matters for the start of development and three years for the [use] for approval of all reserve matters .

When making a planning application , notice has to be served by the applicant on various other people with interest in the premises to which the application relates .
when making a planning [use] , notice has to be served by the applicant on various other people with interest in the premises to which the [use] relates .

The interest in question has to relate to the land or building covered by the application so that , for example , an application for a change of use for a third floor does not require notice to be served on anyone with an interest in any of the other floors .
the interest in question has to relate to the land or building covered by the [use] so that , for example , an [use] for a change of use for a third floor does not require notice to be served on anyone with an interest in any of the other floors .

There are certain so-called unneighbourly developments which have to be advertised before a valid application can be made .
there are certain so-called unneighbourly developments which have to be advertised before a valid [use] can be made .

The procedure is laid down in the 1971 Planning Act — Section 26 — and is a prerequisite for a valid application .
the procedure is laid down in the 1971 planning act — section 26 — and is a prerequisite for a valid [use] .

The authority may not determine the application before the period is complete but they are not bound to follow any representations received although they must consider them .
the authority may not determine the [use] before the period is complete but they are not bound to follow any representations received although they must consider them .

Any applicant who is aggrieved either by a refusal or a condition on a permission can appeal to the Secretary of State who , in effect , considers the whole application afresh .
any applicant who is aggrieved either by a refusal or a condition on a permission can appeal to the secretary of state who , in effect , considers the whole [use] afresh .

Where the appeal is in respect of a condition , in particular , he can refuse the whole application .
where the appeal is in respect of a condition , in particular , he can refuse the whole [use] .

Where there is a hearing , anyone who has been entitled to notice of the application is also entitled to appear and make representations .
where there is a hearing , anyone who has been entitled to notice of the [use] is also entitled to appear and make representations .

Previously , where planning permission was required for work to a listed building , the application was treated as being simultaneously an application for listed building consent , unless the works involved demolition of part or the whole , in which case a separate application was needed .
previously , where planning permission was required for work to a listed building , the [use] was treated as being simultaneously an [use] for listed building consent , unless the works involved demolition of part or the whole , in which case a separate [use] was needed .

For this reason , it is also important to consider at what point in the programme of the development an application should be made .
for this reason , it is also important to consider at what point in the programme of the development an [use] should be made .

Early discussion with the authority 's officers to see exactly what information they require with the application , as well as to ensure that the proposed development is basically acceptable to the authority obviously helps to reduce the time needed .
early discussion with the authority 's officers to see exactly what information they require with the [use] , as well as to ensure that the proposed development is basically acceptable to the authority obviously helps to reduce the time needed .

This is precisely why Marx speaks about the proportional application of capital ( 1 ) 'in the various spheres of production ' and ( 2 ) ‘ according to its [ society 's ] needs ’ .
this is precisely why marx speaks about the proportional [use] of capital ( 1 ) 'in the various spheres of production ' and ( 2 ) ‘ according to its [ society 's ] needs ’ .

By the winter of 1920–1 the application of compulsion to the workers and peasants had become absolutely counterproductive , and had become a factor in the general collapse of the economy facing the Bolsheviks .
by the winter of 1920–1 the [use] of compulsion to the workers and peasants had become absolutely counterproductive , and had become a factor in the general collapse of the economy facing the bolsheviks .

Thus , in 1921 , Bukharin was developing his theory of equilibrium both in the theoretical aspects and in its application to current questions .
thus , in 1921 , bukharin was developing his theory of equilibrium both in the theoretical aspects and in its [use] to current questions .

State policies were seen as merely modifying the particular application of the law .
state policies were seen as merely modifying the particular [use] of the law .

However , all serious historians have noted that the 1925 decisions had been merely a formality , more honoured in the breach than in their application .
however , all serious historians have noted that the 1925 decisions had been merely a formality , more honoured in the breach than in their [use] .

By and through consciousness and the application of a reasoning intelligence , man may rise above the powers of all disease and physical disabilities .
by and through consciousness and the [use] of a reasoning intelligence , man may rise above the powers of all disease and physical disabilities .

An application to set up a pharmacy in the village , which would threaten the services offered by GPs in Four Marks and Ropley , had been turned down , but was due to go to appeal .
an [use] to set up a pharmacy in the village , which would threaten the services offered by gps in four marks and ropley , had been turned down , but was due to go to appeal .

’ At present the parochial church council are awaiting the result of a planning application to install a Portakabin , which would provide a temporary home for the youngsters , as well as creche facilities .
’ at present the parochial church council are awaiting the result of a planning [use] to install a portakabin , which would provide a temporary home for the youngsters , as well as creche facilities .

Slipped a work application in his book and he died of a heart attack .
slipped a work [use] in his book and he died of a heart attack .

This ensures that the paddle blade is flat on the water for efficient application of force .
this ensures that the paddle blade is flat on the water for efficient [use] of force .

But even if a blade close to the boat and a high elbow allows greater application of force , is it still the best technique ?
but even if a blade close to the boat and a high elbow allows greater [use] of force , is it still the best technique ?

One interesting application is map dowsing , where the map , as a representation of the landscape , can be dowsed in substitution for the real landscape .
one interesting [use] is map dowsing , where the map , as a representation of the landscape , can be dowsed in substitution for the real landscape .

Conscious effort can correct the natural outlines of the Earth 's surface to a more perfect configuration which will conserve and accumulate ch'i to the natural benefit of Earth , Man and Heaven … Ch'i is naturally accumulated and may be enhanced at certain points in the Earth by the application of landscape alterations made in accordance with feng shui rules .
conscious effort can correct the natural outlines of the earth 's surface to a more perfect configuration which will conserve and accumulate ch'i to the natural benefit of earth , man and heaven … ch'i is naturally accumulated and may be enhanced at certain points in the earth by the [use] of landscape alterations made in accordance with feng shui rules .

Electrons can also be released by the application of energy .
electrons can also be released by the [use] of energy .

It 's absurd , these days , like submitting a portrait in oils with your passport application .
it 's absurd , these days , like submitting a portrait in oils with your passport [use] .

Brian Tighe discusses polymers in ophthalmology and Peter Marquis describes the application of high performance ceramics in bone and joint replacements .
brian tighe discusses polymers in ophthalmology and peter marquis describes the [use] of high performance ceramics in bone and joint replacements .

For the first decade in which hydrogels were used as biomaterials , it was only poly ( 2-hydroxyethyl methacrylate ) — polyHEMA — that found any widespread application , whereas in the eye a relatively wide variety of compounds were examined .
for the first decade in which hydrogels were used as biomaterials , it was only poly ( 2-hydroxyethyl methacrylate ) — polyhema — that found any widespread [use] , whereas in the eye a relatively wide variety of compounds were examined .

It is not immediately obvious that using polymers for contact lenses represents an example of the biomedical application of synthetic materials .
it is not immediately obvious that using polymers for contact lenses represents an example of the biomedical [use] of synthetic materials .

If the make-up of the device is not appropriate to its application then it must be changed at an early stage .
if the make-up of the device is not appropriate to its [use] then it must be changed at an early stage .

The clinical application of devices or materials which contact blood is of major importance in modern medicine .
the clinical [use] of devices or materials which contact blood is of major importance in modern medicine .

The remainder of the book is concerned with the application of a variety of chemical and physical methods of value in structural investigations of sulphur compounds .
the remainder of the book is concerned with the [use] of a variety of chemical and physical methods of value in structural investigations of sulphur compounds .

The editors speak of a ‘ need for information for non-experts on methodology and application of [ surface analysis ] techniques ’ .
the editors speak of a ‘ need for information for non-experts on methodology and [use] of [ surface analysis ] techniques ’ .

The deadline for receipt of completed application forms is 1 May 1992 .
the deadline for receipt of completed [use] forms is 1 may 1992 .

Any applicant for a course of study who has a criminal record should , at the time of application inform the Academic Registrar who will advise the applicant whether or not he or she is likely to be able to satisfy certain eligibility requirements for the course .
any applicant for a course of study who has a criminal record should , at the time of [use] inform the academic registrar who will advise the applicant whether or not he or she is likely to be able to satisfy certain eligibility requirements for the course .

Application forms may be obtained by either telephoning or writing to the Admissions Office using the tear-off slip at the end of the booklet .
[use] forms may be obtained by either telephoning or writing to the admissions office using the tear-off slip at the end of the booklet .

Application and Admission
[use] and admission

Application forms for admission to higher degrees by supervised research and to the postgraduate taught courses are available from the :
[use] forms for admission to higher degrees by supervised research and to the postgraduate taught courses are available from the :

Early application is advised , as there may be a limit to the number of students admitted to certain courses .
early [use] is advised , as there may be a limit to the number of students admitted to certain courses .

In the spirit of this policy , no application from a disabled but otherwise qualified candidate will be rejected because of his or her disablement without the applicant being given full opportunity to see the facilities of the University and to discuss with appropriate staff how particular difficulties might be overcome .
in the spirit of this policy , no [use] from a disabled but otherwise qualified candidate will be rejected because of his or her disablement without the applicant being given full opportunity to see the facilities of the university and to discuss with appropriate staff how particular difficulties might be overcome .

An application for a postgraduate award can be a lengthy and detailed process , and as closing dates for the receipt of applications for awards are normally strictly adhered to , undergraduates are advised to make enquiries early in the second term of their final year of study .
an [use] for a postgraduate award can be a lengthy and detailed process , and as closing dates for the receipt of applications for awards are normally strictly adhered to , undergraduates are advised to make enquiries early in the second term of their final year of study .

Application should be made direct to the Department of Agriculture .
[use] should be made direct to the department of agriculture .

Application for these awards is made individually to the award-giving body through the institution in which it is hoped to study .
[use] for these awards is made individually to the award-giving body through the institution in which it is hoped to study .

Awards in the Sciences , Social Sciences and Medicine are , for the most part , made by the research councils listed below which , on early application , may allocate a quota of awards to individual university subjects or departments .
awards in the sciences , social sciences and medicine are , for the most part , made by the research councils listed below which , on early [use] , may allocate a quota of awards to individual university subjects or departments .

For further advice concerning application procedures please contact either Wilma McFerran ( Jordanstown and Belfast campuses ) , Catherine Avery ( Coleraine and Magee College campuses ) or the appropriate Faculty Administrative Officer .
for further advice concerning [use] procedures please contact either wilma mcferran ( jordanstown and belfast campuses ) , catherine avery ( coleraine and magee college campuses ) or the appropriate faculty administrative officer .

Applicants are encouraged to have discussions with an appropriate member of academic staff to explore the possible development of a proposal before submitting an application .
applicants are encouraged to have discussions with an appropriate member of academic staff to explore the possible development of a proposal before submitting an [use] .

Irish Studies : Contemporary Irish literature ; Application of linguistic science to contemporary Irish ; Old Irish , classical Irish and Irish literature of the 18th century — with particular reference to Ulster writers ; Irish folklore ; Syntactic errors of learners of Irish as a second language .
irish studies : contemporary irish literature ; [use] of linguistic science to contemporary irish ; old irish , classical irish and irish literature of the 18th century — with particular reference to ulster writers ; irish folklore ; syntactic errors of learners of irish as a second language .

Human-Computer Interaction — Vision : Industrial computer vision systems ; performance assessment and adaptation ; Application toolkits ; Image processing .
human-computer interaction — vision : industrial computer vision systems ; performance assessment and adaptation ; [use] toolkits ; image processing .

Signal Processing : Application of statistical decision theory , parameter estimation and classification to problems in the areas of signal processing , information extraction and measurement system calibration ; modelling , simulation and calibration applied to data sets gathered with various types or arrays of instruments .
signal processing : [use] of statistical decision theory , parameter estimation and classification to problems in the areas of signal processing , information extraction and measurement system calibration ; modelling , simulation and calibration applied to data sets gathered with various types or arrays of instruments .

Simulation : Mathematical modelling ; The implementation of simulation models of real-world systems on digital computers using conventional and special-purpose languages ; The application of simulation in the design cycle .
simulation : mathematical modelling ; the implementation of simulation models of real-world systems on digital computers using conventional and special-purpose languages ; the [use] of simulation in the design cycle .

Modular Object-Oriented Notation : Examination and comparison of a number of methods for a range of application areas ; Identification of a set of ‘ criteria ’ for the assessment of methods .
modular object-oriented notation : examination and comparison of a number of methods for a range of [use] areas ; identification of a set of ‘ criteria ’ for the assessment of methods .

Transputers for Geometric Modelling : Parallel algorithms for use in graphics application ; Manipulation and display of a model held as a wire line model , of a model built using constructive solid geometry and of a model based on the spatial enumeration cuboids ; Accessing pixel-based data in an ordering which is that of a cubic spiral .
transputers for geometric modelling : parallel algorithms for use in graphics [use] ; manipulation and display of a model held as a wire line model , of a model built using constructive solid geometry and of a model based on the spatial enumeration cuboids ; accessing pixel-based data in an ordering which is that of a cubic spiral .

Object-oriented Databases and Expert Systems : Complex data modelling requirements of large-scale , data-intensive applications ; Design and development of a concurrent , object-oriented database programming environment ; Interfacing of object-oriented programming languages to databases and expert systems ; Application of object-oriented programming languages to database and expert system design and development for real-time engineering applications .
object-oriented databases and expert systems : complex data modelling requirements of large-scale , data-intensive applications ; design and development of a concurrent , object-oriented database programming environment ; interfacing of object-oriented programming languages to databases and expert systems ; [use] of object-oriented programming languages to database and expert system design and development for real-time engineering applications .

Statistical techniques for manpower planning : Development of statistical methods for use in manpower planning ; Application of these methods to a large database consisting of career histories of employees working in the public sector .
statistical techniques for manpower planning : development of statistical methods for use in manpower planning ; [use] of these methods to a large database consisting of career histories of employees working in the public sector .

Application of multivariate statistical techniques to determine the composition of hemopexin , lactate dehydrodoginase , creatine kinase and pyruvate kinase in carriers and non-carriers with the objective of determining a discriminant function for early diagnosis .
[use] of multivariate statistical techniques to determine the composition of hemopexin , lactate dehydrodoginase , creatine kinase and pyruvate kinase in carriers and non-carriers with the objective of determining a discriminant function for early diagnosis .

Many of the research interests outlined below find application in three major centres for research and development which are directed by members of the Department of Applied Physical Sciences ; these centres are concerned with Energy Studies , Surface Science and Ceramics , and Garment and Textiles Technology .
many of the research interests outlined below find [use] in three major centres for research and development which are directed by members of the department of applied physical sciences ; these centres are concerned with energy studies , surface science and ceramics , and garment and textiles technology .

Transport Studies : Transport systems planning and evaluation ; Development and application of expert systems in multi-modal transport ; Vehicle routing and navigation ; Discrete event studies within multi-modal transport ; Cost benefit analysis particularly in conjunction with road transport ; Cellular radio and freight distribution ; Integration of para-transit and public transport ; Community and public transport for the handicapped and elderly ; Socio-economic evaluation of road proposals ; Transport network analysis with respect to the Channel Tunnel ; Peripherality and the Single European Market ; Rural and urban accessibility studies of public transport ; Freight origin/destination patterns ; Modern urban transport technology assessment studies ; Co-ordinated public transport planning ; Personal mobility with particular emphasis on disabled people .
transport studies : transport systems planning and evaluation ; development and [use] of expert systems in multi-modal transport ; vehicle routing and navigation ; discrete event studies within multi-modal transport ; cost benefit analysis particularly in conjunction with road transport ; cellular radio and freight distribution ; integration of para-transit and public transport ; community and public transport for the handicapped and elderly ; socio-economic evaluation of road proposals ; transport network analysis with respect to the channel tunnel ; peripherality and the single european market ; rural and urban accessibility studies of public transport ; freight origin/destination patterns ; modern urban transport technology assessment studies ; co-ordinated public transport planning ; personal mobility with particular emphasis on disabled people .

For further information on any of the taught courses on page 38 and an application form , please complete and return the tear-off slip on page 49 , or telephone the Admissions Office at the number given on page 46 .
for further information on any of the taught courses on page 38 and an [use] form , please complete and return the tear-off slip on page 49 , or telephone the admissions office at the number given on page 46 .

For some courses , work of a practical nature is an integral feature ; for instance , students of the Postgraduate Diploma in the Teaching of English as a Foreign Language must undertake a series of microteaching lessons , and a period of teaching practice abroad , while the Postgraduate Diploma in Microelectronics and Microcomputer Application emphasizes ‘ hands on ’ experience with microcomputers .
for some courses , work of a practical nature is an integral feature ; for instance , students of the postgraduate diploma in the teaching of english as a foreign language must undertake a series of microteaching lessons , and a period of teaching practice abroad , while the postgraduate diploma in microelectronics and microcomputer [use] emphasizes ‘ hands on ’ experience with microcomputers .

The ward may be used in conjunction with a classroom session , patient care being used to demonstrate the practical application of a particular subject .
the ward may be used in conjunction with a classroom session , patient care being used to demonstrate the practical [use] of a particular subject .

In the cognitive domain ( Table 4.1 ) , the categories are : knowledge , comprehension , application , analysis , synthesis and evaluation .
in the cognitive domain ( table 4.1 ) , the categories are : knowledge , comprehension , [use] , analysis , synthesis and evaluation .

Carry out the care for a given patient ( application )
carry out the care for a given patient ( [use] )

Education is seen to include some of this , but goes a long way beyond competence in application .
education is seen to include some of this , but goes a long way beyond competence in [use] .

We can turn now to the application of the basic learning conditions .
we can turn now to the [use] of the basic learning conditions .

Supervise the application where necessary .
supervise the [use] where necessary .

— Handwashing techniques — application and efficacy
— handwashing techniques — [use] and efficacy

If you would like further information or an application form , contact : -
if you would like further information or an [use] form , contact : -

You will find there full details of application and admission procedures and a list of members of staff who would be pleased to provide further information on particular aspects of the work of the University .
you will find there full details of [use] and admission procedures and a list of members of staff who would be pleased to provide further information on particular aspects of the work of the university .

Just as there are many degree courses which have no specific vocational links so also there are many careers which require the application of intelligence and the disciplines learned during time at university rather than specific subject knowledge .
just as there are many degree courses which have no specific vocational links so also there are many careers which require the [use] of intelligence and the disciplines learned during time at university rather than specific subject knowledge .

Application may be made for entry to these courses in the normal fashion .
[use] may be made for entry to these courses in the normal fashion .

Grades shown are typical of offers made at the time of initial application .
grades shown are typical of offers made at the time of initial [use] .

Application and Admission
[use] and admission

Application for entry to all full-time undergraduate degree courses ( except those listed below under Art and Design Degree Courses .
[use] for entry to all full-time undergraduate degree courses ( except those listed below under art and design degree courses .

Application to Courses Taught in Collaboration with Further Education Colleges
[use] to courses taught in collaboration with further education colleges

Application for admission to the first year of these courses should be made on the University 's direct entry form directly to the University of Ulster .
[use] for admission to the first year of these courses should be made on the university 's direct entry form directly to the university of ulster .

Application forms for these courses are available from and should be returned to the appropriate college .
[use] forms for these courses are available from and should be returned to the appropriate college .

Application using the University 's Direct Entry Form
[use] using the university 's direct entry form

It is advisable to apply as early as possible , and preferably before 31 January of the proposed year of entry to the University , though application may be considered up to the date when a course begins , subject to the availability of places .
it is advisable to apply as early as possible , and preferably before 31 january of the proposed year of entry to the university , though [use] may be considered up to the date when a course begins , subject to the availability of places .

Any applicant for a course of study who has a criminal record should at the time of application inform the Academic Registrar who will advise the applicant whether or not he or she is likely to be able to satisfy certain eligibility requirements for the course .
any applicant for a course of study who has a criminal record should at the time of [use] inform the academic registrar who will advise the applicant whether or not he or she is likely to be able to satisfy certain eligibility requirements for the course .

Application should normally be made to the appropriate education authority for grant aid before 1 June of the year in which the student wishes to enter a course , even though at that time the student may not have been offered a place .
[use] should normally be made to the appropriate education authority for grant aid before 1 june of the year in which the student wishes to enter a course , even though at that time the student may not have been offered a place .

Application for Admission to Art and Design Courses
[use] for admission to art and design courses

Application for entry to the Certificate in Foundation Studies in Art and Design and Higher National Diplomas should be made on the University 's Direct Entry form which is available at all schools in Northern Ireland . Alternatively , a form may be obtained from :
[use] for entry to the certificate in foundation studies in art and design and higher national diplomas should be made on the university 's direct entry form which is available at all schools in northern ireland . alternatively , a form may be obtained from :

Application for admission to degree courses should be made to The Art and Design Admissions Registry on a form obtainable from :
[use] for admission to degree courses should be made to the art and design admissions registry on a form obtainable from :

The closing date for the return of application forms is 31 March of the proposed year of entry to the University .
the closing date for the return of [use] forms is 31 march of the proposed year of entry to the university .

The industrial emphasis of the course , closely allying technical application with creative design development , is further strengthened by an integral Business and Marketing input which aims to develop , during the three taught years , the economic and professional awareness now so essential to the practice of designing .
the industrial emphasis of the course , closely allying technical [use] with creative design development , is further strengthened by an integral business and marketing input which aims to develop , during the three taught years , the economic and professional awareness now so essential to the practice of designing .

All applicants must apply on a University of Ulster application form by 31 January of the proposed year of entry ( see page 50 ) .
all applicants must apply on a university of ulster [use] form by 31 january of the proposed year of entry ( see page 50 ) .

The degree aims to provide students with a sound knowledge of the basic principles , concepts and techniques of business management , with specific reference to their application in the banking and financial services industry ; an understanding of the structure and operation of the industry in a European context ; and the critical , analytical , communications and inter-personal skills needed for a successful career in this rapidly developing field .
the degree aims to provide students with a sound knowledge of the basic principles , concepts and techniques of business management , with specific reference to their [use] in the banking and financial services industry ; an understanding of the structure and operation of the industry in a european context ; and the critical , analytical , communications and inter-personal skills needed for a successful career in this rapidly developing field .

This four-year course is characterized by its practical nature with attention placed on the application of knowledge as well as on theoretical concepts .
this four-year course is characterized by its practical nature with attention placed on the [use] of knowledge as well as on theoretical concepts .

( See Application below . )
( see [use] below . )

In the first year , the application of computing to information processing tasks is studied in two units : Data Processing and Systems Analysis .
in the first year , the [use] of computing to information processing tasks is studied in two units : data processing and systems analysis .

The course has a strong practical bias , and seeks to emphasise the value of transferable skills and the need to see ‘ theatre ’ as relevant and topical in its application to social and community contexts .
the course has a strong practical bias , and seeks to emphasise the value of transferable skills and the need to see ‘ theatre ’ as relevant and topical in its [use] to social and community contexts .

Areas of application — from the computing industry itself to traditional industries which have been liberated from routine to the new technology — continue to proliferate .
areas of [use] — from the computing industry itself to traditional industries which have been liberated from routine to the new technology — continue to proliferate .

The Faculty is keen to attract young women and men with the intelligence and flexibility of mind to play their part in the development of information technology and to maximize its application .
the faculty is keen to attract young women and men with the intelligence and flexibility of mind to play their part in the development of information technology and to maximize its [use] .

As well as having the opportunity to learn about industry , students may enhance their career prospects and demonstrate their potential to become leaders in the application of computing to business and commercial problems .
as well as having the opportunity to learn about industry , students may enhance their career prospects and demonstrate their potential to become leaders in the [use] of computing to business and commercial problems .

Course content has been selected to give graduates the necessary knowledge , skills and experience to equip them for careers in software development , application systems development , and in using computer systems to further organizational goals .
course content has been selected to give graduates the necessary knowledge , skills and experience to equip them for careers in software development , [use] systems development , and in using computer systems to further organizational goals .

Programming is the context used to develop an understanding of many aspects of the application of computers .
programming is the context used to develop an understanding of many aspects of the [use] of computers .

The second theme , the Application of Computing , is supported by units in Information System Design , Human Computer Interaction and Artificial Intelligence .
the second theme , the [use] of computing , is supported by units in information system design , human computer interaction and artificial intelligence .

These courses involve the study of the development of software and hardware for a variety of areas of application .
these courses involve the study of the development of software and hardware for a variety of areas of [use] .

To this end the course concentrates on the basic skills of programming , systems analysis and design within the coherent framework of the business environment rather than on any one application specialism .
to this end the course concentrates on the basic skills of programming , systems analysis and design within the coherent framework of the business environment rather than on any one [use] specialism .

Application for admission to this course should be made directly to the University ( see page 50 ) .
[use] for admission to this course should be made directly to the university ( see page 50 ) .

Students ' previous mathematical knowledge is extended and they are introduced to new areas of mathematical studies such as probability and statistics , the application of statistical methods to the collection and analysis of data , computer programming and the use of custom-built software packages .
students ' previous mathematical knowledge is extended and they are introduced to new areas of mathematical studies such as probability and statistics , the [use] of statistical methods to the collection and analysis of data , computer programming and the use of custom-built software packages .

Application forms from the Box Office .
[use] forms from the box office .

Application forms are available from the box office or sent with your tickets .
[use] forms are available from the box office or sent with your tickets .

Permission to park at house on application at Visitor Centre .
permission to park at house on [use] at visitor centre .

During the latter part of the nineteenth century and the early part of the twentieth century , the application of quantitative methods of science was extended to psychology and so to education .
during the latter part of the nineteenth century and the early part of the twentieth century , the [use] of quantitative methods of science was extended to psychology and so to education .

Suffice to say that library promotion would be none the worse for closer involvement with the application of marketing and public relations principles , strategies and practice .
suffice to say that library promotion would be none the worse for closer involvement with the [use] of marketing and public relations principles , strategies and practice .

This does not necessarily ensure wide application of the research but it does provide various ‘ models ’ of development in different environments which increase the likelihood that , by identifying with one or another model , other schools adopt and adapt the work to suit their particular needs .
this does not necessarily ensure wide [use] of the research but it does provide various ‘ models ’ of development in different environments which increase the likelihood that , by identifying with one or another model , other schools adopt and adapt the work to suit their particular needs .

The couple agreed to continue going out socially together , and the therapist agreed to write to the local housing department to back up their application for council accommodation .
the couple agreed to continue going out socially together , and the therapist agreed to write to the local housing department to back up their [use] for council accommodation .

The housing department had approved their application for council accommodation .
the housing department had approved their [use] for council accommodation .

At first he had tried to look at the newspapers regularly to search for job vacancies and had sent application forms to prospective employers .
at first he had tried to look at the newspapers regularly to search for job vacancies and had sent [use] forms to prospective employers .

It could be an application for your annual holiday , a report on an accident or a monthly review of a resident in your care .
it could be an [use] for your annual holiday , a report on an accident or a monthly review of a resident in your care .

From this point of view deviance is not a quality of the act a person commits , but rather a consequence of the application by others of rules and sanctions to an offender .
from this point of view deviance is not a quality of the act a person commits , but rather a consequence of the [use] by others of rules and sanctions to an offender .

Explain , with specific examples if possible , how the other factors referred to in the first paragraph ( such as changes in what the law counts as crime , fluctuations in the vigour of the application of the law ) determine or influence the criminal statistics .
explain , with specific examples if possible , how the other factors referred to in the first paragraph ( such as changes in what the law counts as crime , fluctuations in the vigour of the [use] of the law ) determine or influence the criminal statistics .

Adolescence was to receive a suitable … [ and ] … spiritual education from the application of Christianity to ‘ common life ’ .
adolescence was to receive a suitable … [ and ] … spiritual education from the [use] of christianity to ‘ common life ’ .

The adaptable worker would partner machines without being alienated , while simultaneously displaying interest , application , and initiative , in addition to possessing an all-round competence .
the adaptable worker would partner machines without being alienated , while simultaneously displaying interest , [use] , and initiative , in addition to possessing an all-round competence .

In the event of a share issue a bank may handle the advertisement , application and allotment of shares .
in the event of a share issue a bank may handle the advertisement , [use] and allotment of shares .

Finally , the development of the application of online services was felt to depend on the enthusiasm and ability of , at least , one good user .
finally , the development of the [use] of online services was felt to depend on the enthusiasm and ability of , at least , one good user .

The transformation of external publicly available information into usable information in this sense is a highly complex activity demanding detailed knowledge and understanding of the application area ( ’ ’ knowledge of the business ’ — a phrase frequently used within business ) by the transformer ( the : ‘ knowledge worker ’ ) .
the transformation of external publicly available information into usable information in this sense is a highly complex activity demanding detailed knowledge and understanding of the [use] area ( ’ ’ knowledge of the business ’ — a phrase frequently used within business ) by the transformer ( the : ‘ knowledge worker ’ ) .

The word ‘ patronymic ’ is sometimes used as an easy synonym when referring to any surname , but its meaning is more limited than that , for a proper application restricts it to describing those names descending from fathers or ancestors .
the word ‘ patronymic ’ is sometimes used as an easy synonym when referring to any surname , but its meaning is more limited than that , for a proper [use] restricts it to describing those names descending from fathers or ancestors .

It gained gradual acceptance in England , as witness certain entries in the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle , and had general application in the twelfth century , remaining in use until 1752 when the Historical year gained official approval .
it gained gradual acceptance in england , as witness certain entries in the anglo-saxon chronicle , and had general [use] in the twelfth century , remaining in use until 1752 when the historical year gained official approval .

It did not last long because of its complexity in application .
it did not last long because of its complexity in [use] .

It was a method of year-dating of civil , as distinct from religious , application first adopted by Imperial Rome and then continued in both the papal and royal chanceries of Europe during the early Middle Ages .
it was a method of year-dating of civil , as distinct from religious , [use] first adopted by imperial rome and then continued in both the papal and royal chanceries of europe during the early middle ages .

Application was made to Mr Atkinson , the Agent of the Baroness von Steiglitz of Carrickblacker .
[use] was made to mr atkinson , the agent of the baroness von steiglitz of carrickblacker .

In 1922 also an application was received from ‘ a few of the young ladies and the young men of the Edenderry Memorial congregation ’ for ‘ the use of the field at the rear of the church for recreation , viz .
in 1922 also an [use] was received from ‘ a few of the young ladies and the young men of the edenderry memorial congregation ’ for ‘ the use of the field at the rear of the church for recreation , viz .

’ The application was signed by Herbert McClatchey , James Magowan and Twinem Jackson .
’ the [use] was signed by herbert mcclatchey , james magowan and twinem jackson .

If you are consistent and timely in your application of time-out , it should n't be long before the word ‘ time-out ’ , in the form of a warning question ( plus a look or gesture ) , is sufficient to quell a defiant or aggressive action .
if you are consistent and timely in your [use] of time-out , it should n't be long before the word ‘ time-out ’ , in the form of a warning question ( plus a look or gesture ) , is sufficient to quell a defiant or aggressive action .

They no longer have the power to direct planning authorities to refuse an application for development on the grounds that it would substantially and adversely affect their interests .
they no longer have the power to direct planning authorities to refuse an [use] for development on the grounds that it would substantially and adversely affect their interests .

In the developed world , the harnessing of fossil fuel energy as well as other scientific developments , and their application to agricultural systems , has opened up a new range of agricultural possibilities : but all this has happened over a relatively long time period and is not without its environmental implications .
in the developed world , the harnessing of fossil fuel energy as well as other scientific developments , and their [use] to agricultural systems , has opened up a new range of agricultural possibilities : but all this has happened over a relatively long time period and is not without its environmental implications .

Crop improvement is only one aspect of the application of biotechnology to agriculture .
crop improvement is only one aspect of the [use] of biotechnology to agriculture .

is determined to a large extent by the amount of nitrogen salts in the soil , so the application of nitrate fertiliser will actually inhibit bacterial nitrogen fixation .
is determined to a large extent by the amount of nitrogen salts in the soil , so the [use] of nitrate fertiliser will actually inhibit bacterial nitrogen fixation .

, which are active even when nitrates are abundant , or to reduce fertiliser application .
, which are active even when nitrates are abundant , or to reduce fertiliser [use] .

Woods and Rawlings ( 1989 ) also point out that genetic engineering has considerable application in this field by developing improved strains of the relevant bacteria which are more efficient , can operate on a wider variety of substrates and in a wider variety of environmental conditions .
woods and rawlings ( 1989 ) also point out that genetic engineering has considerable [use] in this field by developing improved strains of the relevant bacteria which are more efficient , can operate on a wider variety of substrates and in a wider variety of environmental conditions .

Information on agricultural land use is unimportant to this application , whereas urban detail illustrating housing densities or alternative urban land is highly desirable .
information on agricultural land use is unimportant to this [use] , whereas urban detail illustrating housing densities or alternative urban land is highly desirable .

An areal interpolation application
an areal interpolation [use]

The problem is knowing what these results mean in the context of a particular application .
the problem is knowing what these results mean in the context of a particular [use] .

Given the extent to which geographic information management is applications driven , it is important to consider in some depth the characteristics of some potential application fields .
given the extent to which geographic information management is applications driven , it is important to consider in some depth the characteristics of some potential [use] fields .

Brown 's chapter on geodemographics discusses an application field where primary data collected for operational purposes are typically evaluated in relation to secondary data derived from sources such as the Census of Population .
brown 's chapter on geodemographics discusses an [use] field where primary data collected for operational purposes are typically evaluated in relation to secondary data derived from sources such as the census of population .

8.1 shows , many of the issues raised by this review of geographic information handling in the four potential application fields are essentially complementary to those discussed in the part on methodological developments .
8.1 shows , many of the issues raised by this review of geographic information handling in the four potential [use] fields are essentially complementary to those discussed in the part on methodological developments .

To stimulate the development and the application within the agency of techniques of environmental modelling and forecasting in order that adequate preventative action can be taken at the appropriate time ;
to stimulate the development and the [use] within the agency of techniques of environmental modelling and forecasting in order that adequate preventative action can be taken at the appropriate time ;

we beg to state that we have been guided not by mere aesthetic reasons only , but our opinions are based upon the observance by the competitors of the instructions furnished for their guidance , together with the general disposition and arrangement of the plans , the practicability of the designs in a structural point of view , and their capability of convenient application to the public service .
we beg to state that we have been guided not by mere aesthetic reasons only , but our opinions are based upon the observance by the competitors of the instructions furnished for their guidance , together with the general disposition and arrangement of the plans , the practicability of the designs in a structural point of view , and their capability of convenient [use] to the public service .

Architecture is a progressive art , and there is no instance on record , in Ancient times , of a retrogression , or a reproduction of the works of preceeding periods … The advance in the interest , and in the improvements , customs and conveniences of society , necessitated advance or change in Architecture to meet those circumstances … Convenience , scientific construction and durable materials should be considered before style or ornament … Style is the mere vehicle by which architectural beauty is obtained ; but , is not necessarily beautiful in itself : — it is the proper application of style which constitutes aesthetic beauty …
architecture is a progressive art , and there is no instance on record , in ancient times , of a retrogression , or a reproduction of the works of preceeding periods … the advance in the interest , and in the improvements , customs and conveniences of society , necessitated advance or change in architecture to meet those circumstances … convenience , scientific construction and durable materials should be considered before style or ornament … style is the mere vehicle by which architectural beauty is obtained ; but , is not necessarily beautiful in itself : — it is the proper [use] of style which constitutes aesthetic beauty …

Bond ( 1988 ) discusses a self-help scheme of assertiveness training which , although geared to nurses , is really a specific application of general principles which can assist good communication in any context .
bond ( 1988 ) discusses a self-help scheme of assertiveness training which , although geared to nurses , is really a specific [use] of general principles which can assist good communication in any context .

Koch & Rankin ( 1987 ) and Ball et al ( 1988 ) describe examples of computer application , and the proceedings from an international nursing conference , held in Dublin ( Nursing and Computers , 1988 ) , give some idea of the extent of computer usage in the profession in a number of countries .
koch & rankin ( 1987 ) and ball et al ( 1988 ) describe examples of computer [use] , and the proceedings from an international nursing conference , held in dublin ( nursing and computers , 1988 ) , give some idea of the extent of computer usage in the profession in a number of countries .

What changes has the farmer made in recent years to the seven year plan for the use of one field and the application of fertiliser to it ?
what changes has the farmer made in recent years to the seven year plan for the use of one field and the [use] of fertiliser to it ?

Give too much and it may bring about the very conditions it is capable of curing ; ‘ Through the like , disease is produced and through the application of the like it is cured ’ , said Hippocrates over 2000 years ago .
give too much and it may bring about the very conditions it is capable of curing ; ‘ through the like , disease is produced and through the [use] of the like it is cured ’ , said hippocrates over 2000 years ago .

Headaches are congestive and throbbing ; blood mounts to the head ; better ( > ) cold and rest , worse ( < ) heat , motion and lying down ; often they have to sit up and apply pressure to the head and a cold application .
headaches are congestive and throbbing ; blood mounts to the head ; better ( > ) cold and rest , worse ( < ) heat , motion and lying down ; often they have to sit up and apply pressure to the head and a cold [use] .

The general analysis of the consequences of trade and immigration in the textile and apparel industries clearly requires a much more focused application to detailed sectors to provide reliable conclusions .
the general analysis of the consequences of trade and immigration in the textile and apparel industries clearly requires a much more focused [use] to detailed sectors to provide reliable conclusions .

The balancing of short-cycle and long-cycle production alternatives has direct application to the choices manufacturers and retailers face between domestic sources with potential short cycles and foreign sources with longer ones .
the balancing of short-cycle and long-cycle production alternatives has direct [use] to the choices manufacturers and retailers face between domestic sources with potential short cycles and foreign sources with longer ones .

A person who specializes in the application of herbs for healing purposes is called a yerbero , and a person considered to be a healer is called a curandera or curandero .
a person who specializes in the [use] of herbs for healing purposes is called a yerbero , and a person considered to be a healer is called a curandera or curandero .

Discriminatory application of sound laws could not escape federal scrutiny simply because state officials acted beyond the scope of their authority .
discriminatory [use] of sound laws could not escape federal scrutiny simply because state officials acted beyond the scope of their authority .

Many of us have now explored the application of Bak ’ s ideas in models of coevolution that I will discuss shortly .
many of us have now explored the [use] of bak ’ s ideas in models of coevolution that i will discuss shortly .

Was the work of my colleagues and myself mere theory or did it have application in real biospheres and econospheres ?
was the work of my colleagues and myself mere theory or did it have [use] in real biospheres and econospheres ?

My colleagues Jose Lobo , Phil Auerswald , Karl Shell , Bill Macready , and I have published a number of papers on the application of the statistics of rugged landscapes and learning curves .
my colleagues jose lobo , phil auerswald , karl shell , bill macready , and i have published a number of papers on the [use] of the statistics of rugged landscapes and learning curves .

In any specific case of work done , some direction of application of force is specified in three-dimensional space , some actual direction of motion of the mass is specified in three-dimensional space , and some actual coupling mechanism is in place such that the force does act on the mass and get it to accelerate in that direction .
in any specific case of work done , some direction of [use] of force is specified in three-dimensional space , some actual direction of motion of the mass is specified in three-dimensional space , and some actual coupling mechanism is in place such that the force does act on the mass and get it to accelerate in that direction .

Autonomous agents appear to be a sucient condition for application of this concept of organization , and a biosphere comprised of coevolving autonomous agents appears to be a sucient condition for propagating self-constructing organization .
autonomous agents appear to be a sucient condition for [use] of this concept of organization , and a biosphere comprised of coevolving autonomous agents appears to be a sucient condition for propagating self-constructing organization .

After learning of the effort , Dudovitz sent personnel to staff the clinic for three hours per week and is helping to write a grant application to fund a self-help kiosk for Pomona patterned on the center he pioneered in Van Nuys .
after learning of the effort , dudovitz sent personnel to staff the clinic for three hours per week and is helping to write a grant [use] to fund a self-help kiosk for pomona patterned on the center he pioneered in van nuys .

Her application had been rejected three times .
her [use] had been rejected three times .

Ryan Reilly , the broker who admits putting the nonexistent quilting business on the loan application , shared $ 15,600 in commis- sions with a company that referred the Ledfords to him a year ago .
ryan reilly , the broker who admits putting the nonexistent quilting business on the loan [use] , shared $ 15,600 in commis- sions with a company that referred the ledfords to him a year ago .

A copy of the loan application shows that Ryan Reilly listed Eileen Ledford as the 67-year-old owner of The American Quilt .
a copy of the loan [use] shows that ryan reilly listed eileen ledford as the 67-year-old owner of the american quilt .

Reilly does not deny putting information on the application form that he knew was incorrect .
reilly does not deny putting information on the [use] form that he knew was incorrect .

They say they did n't know the application described Eileen as a quilting company owner until Fedge pointed it out .
they say they did n't know the [use] described eileen as a quilting company owner until fedge pointed it out .

The Department of Justice said it denied the grant application , in part , because evaluators did not see enough collaboration between the organizations and victims ' advocates , Ralphs and Milne told CVR board members .
the department of justice said it denied the grant [use] , in part , because evaluators did not see enough collaboration between the organizations and victims ' advocates , ralphs and milne told cvr board members .

The family 's 1999 application for Supplemental Security Income to help with Seth 's care was denied .
the family 's 1999 [use] for supplemental security income to help with seth 's care was denied .

A tenant in the building had put in an application to buy it first .
a tenant in the building had put in an [use] to buy it first .

Legal Services Corp. in Washington rejected the application , saying it failed to address the service needs of the entire tri-county area - a requirement under the new rules .
legal services corp. in washington rejected the [use] , saying it failed to address the service needs of the entire tri-county area - a requirement under the new rules .

David Mandel , supervising attorney , protested to federal officials about the way the hotline 's grant application had been evaluated .
david mandel , supervising attorney , protested to federal officials about the way the hotline 's grant [use] had been evaluated .

The hotline , which is part of Legal Services of Northern California , was the only California application from 24 submitted nationwide for $ 1.5 million in grants .
the hotline , which is part of legal services of northern california , was the only california [use] from 24 submitted nationwide for $ 1.5 million in grants .

Chisorom Okwuosa , legal services developer for the California Department of Aging , said state officials supported the hotline 's grant application .
chisorom okwuosa , legal services developer for the california department of aging , said state officials supported the hotline 's grant [use] .

If an emergency department hires staff whose primary function is screening and intervention , the application of this law will need to be reconsidered by emergency physicians and hospitals .
if an emergency department hires staff whose primary function is screening and intervention , the [use] of this law will need to be reconsidered by emergency physicians and hospitals .

He recommended a balance between the rigor of research and the application process that needs to happen .
he recommended a balance between the rigor of research and the [use] process that needs to happen .

SAMHSA funds applied research , and their application pro-gram is oversubscribed .
samhsa funds applied research , and their [use] pro-gram is oversubscribed .

If a study section does not include a relevant expert , then a cover letter with the grant application can request such an expert .
if a study section does not include a relevant expert , then a cover letter with the grant [use] can request such an expert .

At many of the leading finance organizations we visited , the vast majority of financial applications were commercial offtheshelf ( COTS ) packages that were implemented with limited modification to the basic application package itself .
at many of the leading finance organizations we visited , the vast majority of financial applications were commercial offtheshelf ( cots ) packages that were implemented with limited modification to the basic [use] package itself .

Then , the focus shifts to the strategic application of these tools within businessspecific environments .
then , the focus shifts to the strategic [use] of these tools within businessspecific environments .

Then , for example , if the data search shows two cars at an applicant 's address when the benefit applicant has reported only one , the caseworker can , at the time of the benefit application , question the applicant concerning this discrepancy .
then , for example , if the data search shows two cars at an applicant 's address when the benefit applicant has reported only one , the caseworker can , at the time of the benefit [use] , question the applicant concerning this discrepancy .

At the time the application is entered into the system , the system performs several matches to obtain additional information on the applicant and prevent duplicate participation .
at the time the [use] is entered into the system , the system performs several matches to obtain additional information on the applicant and prevent duplicate participation .

The large number of computerized claims processed by Medicare also lends itself to the application of data mining techniques .
the large number of computerized claims processed by medicare also lends itself to the [use] of data mining techniques .

BOI submits referred cases to a private investigation firm , under contract with the IDPA OIG , which investigates the information on the application .
boi submits referred cases to a private investigation firm , under contract with the idpa oig , which investigates the information on the [use] .

Standards Australia International Limited is an organization with principal activities focused on business-to-business services based on the creation , distribution , sharing , and application of knowledge using a variety of technologies .
standards australia international limited is an organization with principal activities focused on business-to-business services based on the creation , distribution , sharing , and [use] of knowledge using a variety of technologies .

We also recognize that the practices require customized application at individual organizations depending on factors such as existing organizational strengths and weaknesses .
we also recognize that the practices require customized [use] at individual organizations depending on factors such as existing organizational strengths and weaknesses .

The reporting and recordkeeping burden associated with the application , certification and continued eligibility of food stamp applicants was approved by OMB in 1995 under No .
the reporting and recordkeeping burden associated with the [use] , certification and continued eligibility of food stamp applicants was approved by omb in 1995 under no .

If allocation is not feasible , the investment shall be reported on the basis of the predominant application of the expense or transfer .
if allocation is not feasible , the investment shall be reported on the basis of the predominant [use] of the expense or transfer .

If allocation is not feasible , the investment shall be reported on the basis of the predominant application of the expenses incurred .
if allocation is not feasible , the investment shall be reported on the basis of the predominant [use] of the expenses incurred .

If allocation is not feasible , the investment shall be reported on the basis of the predominant application of the expenses incurred .
if allocation is not feasible , the investment shall be reported on the basis of the predominant [use] of the expenses incurred .

These terms are not intended for general application to other federal financial transactions .
these terms are not intended for general [use] to other federal financial transactions .

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT -Federal investment in research and development refers to those expenses incurred in support of the search for new or refined knowledge and ideas and for the application or use of such knowledge and ideas for the development of new or improved products and processes with the expectation of maintaining or increasing national economic productive capacity or yielding other future benefits .
research and development -federal investment in research and development refers to those expenses incurred in support of the search for new or refined knowledge and ideas and for the [use] or use of such knowledge and ideas for the development of new or improved products and processes with the expectation of maintaining or increasing national economic productive capacity or yielding other future benefits .

Application may be made to a single asset , a group of assets , or an entire enterprise , as determined by various bases and methods .
[use] may be made to a single asset , a group of assets , or an entire enterprise , as determined by various bases and methods .

The Commission also describes how excluding small business issuers from all but the accounting policy disclosures required by the rule limits substantially the application of the amendments to small entities .
the commission also describes how excluding small business issuers from all but the accounting policy disclosures required by the rule limits substantially the [use] of the amendments to small entities .

According to a VA official , the Carey Award is valuable , in part , because VA offices that want it must apply for it and the application itself becomes a useful self-assessment tool .
according to a va official , the carey award is valuable , in part , because va offices that want it must apply for it and the [use] itself becomes a useful self-assessment tool .

In an information system review , all controls in a computer system , for the full range of application functions and products , are assessed and tested .
in an information system review , all controls in a computer system , for the full range of [use] functions and products , are assessed and tested .

Such a review includes ( 1 ) examining the general and application controls of a computer system,3 ( 2 ) testing whether those controls are being complied with , and ( 3 ) testing data produced by the system.4 To design such a review , appropriate to the research question , seek assistance from information technology specialists .
such a review includes ( 1 ) examining the general and [use] controls of a computer system,3 ( 2 ) testing whether those controls are being complied with , and ( 3 ) testing data produced by the system.4 to design such a review , appropriate to the research question , seek assistance from information technology specialists .

Application controls refers to the structure , policies , and procedures that apply to individual application systems , such as inventory or payroll .
[use] controls refers to the structure , policies , and procedures that apply to individual [use] systems , such as inventory or payroll .

Guidance for carrying out reviews of general and application controls is provided in the U.S. General Accounting Office , Federal Information System Controls Audit Manual , GAO/AIMD-12.19.6 ( Washington , D.C. : Jan. 1999 ) .
guidance for carrying out reviews of general and [use] controls is provided in the u.s. general accounting office , federal information system controls audit manual , gao/aimd-12.19.6 ( washington , d.c. : jan. 1999 ) .

Such testing can be particularly helpful in determining the accuracy and completeness of processing by the application system that produced the data .
such testing can be particularly helpful in determining the accuracy and completeness of processing by the [use] system that produced the data .

If needed , consult information system auditors for help in evaluating general and application controls .
if needed , consult information system auditors for help in evaluating general and [use] controls .

These controls will usually include ( 1 ) certain general controls , such as logical access and control of changes to the data , and ( 2 ) the application controls that help to ensure that the data are accurate and complete , as well as authorized .
these controls will usually include ( 1 ) certain general controls , such as logical access and control of changes to the data , and ( 2 ) the [use] controls that help to ensure that the data are accurate and complete , as well as authorized .

Discussed are advances in technology , which have in recent years begun to be used by agencies , but for which wide spread application will likely occur in the foreseeable future .
discussed are advances in technology , which have in recent years begun to be used by agencies , but for which wide spread [use] will likely occur in the foreseeable future .

Modifications to the Traditional Payment Process The traditional payment approval process has been modified over the years primarily through the application of statistical sampling and `` fast pay '' procedures , and the widespread use of computer technology .
modifications to the traditional payment process the traditional payment approval process has been modified over the years primarily through the [use] of statistical sampling and `` fast pay '' procedures , and the widespread use of computer technology .

Today 's proper application of available technology makes it possible to perform the required prepayment examination without assembling hard copy records from diverse locations as in the past .
today 's proper [use] of available technology makes it possible to perform the required prepayment examination without assembling hard copy records from diverse locations as in the past .

Internal control over automated systems can be grouped into general control and application control .
internal control over automated systems can be grouped into general control and [use] control .

Application control is designed to cover the processing of data within application software.8 To ensure the quality of the automated systems , management must provide the environment for effective implementation of general and application controls .
[use] control is designed to cover the processing of data within [use] software.8 to ensure the quality of the automated systems , management must provide the environment for effective implementation of general and [use] controls .

General and application control is discussed further in the StandardsforInternalControl intheFederalGovernment , November 1999 ( GAO/AIMD0021.3.1 ) , pp .
general and [use] control is discussed further in the standardsforinternalcontrol inthefederalgovernment , november 1999 ( gao/aimd0021.3.1 ) , pp .

OMB 's published guidance12 states that an agency should perform an assessment to evaluate the suitability of electronic signature alternatives for a particular application .
omb 's published guidance12 states that an agency should perform an assessment to evaluate the suitability of electronic signature alternatives for a particular [use] .

Although some agencies have automated part of the receipt and acceptance function , widespread application has not yet occurred .
although some agencies have automated part of the receipt and acceptance function , widespread [use] has not yet occurred .

As the application of advancing technology continues , systems will be able to directly transmit receipt and acceptance data from points of purchase to central locations for invoice examination and payment authorization .
as the [use] of advancing technology continues , systems will be able to directly transmit receipt and acceptance data from points of purchase to central locations for invoice examination and payment authorization .

Although implementation of electronic signatures meeting the NIST criteria may not currently be costeffective in all cases , or may not be needed because the electronic data application is low risk , technological advances will continue to occur , making the signatures more affordable and widespread in the future .
although implementation of electronic signatures meeting the nist criteria may not currently be costeffective in all cases , or may not be needed because the electronic data [use] is low risk , technological advances will continue to occur , making the signatures more affordable and widespread in the future .

OMB 's guidance states that an agency should determine whether an electronic signature alternative , in conjunction with appropriate process controls , represents a practicable tradeoff between benefits , costs , and risks ; and if so , determine and document which signature alternative is the best one to use for a particular application .
omb 's guidance states that an agency should determine whether an electronic signature alternative , in conjunction with appropriate process controls , represents a practicable tradeoff between benefits , costs , and risks ; and if so , determine and document which signature alternative is the best one to use for a particular [use] .

We will continue to monitor the application of these protocols and will consider what , if any , changes should be made in the future .
we will continue to monitor the [use] of these protocols and will consider what , if any , changes should be made in the future .

They admit that the application and use of these have not always been consistent or without error .
they admit that the [use] and use of these have not always been consistent or without error .

We also discussed the use and potential application of best practices that we identified .
we also discussed the use and potential [use] of best practices that we identified .

U.S. General Accounting Office , Best Practices : Successful Application to Weapon Acquisition Requires Changes in DOD 's Environment GAO/NSIAD-98-56 ( Washington , D.C. : Feb. 24 , 1998 ) .
u.s. general accounting office , best practices : successful [use] to weapon acquisition requires changes in dod 's environment gao/nsiad-98-56 ( washington , d.c. : feb. 24 , 1998 ) .

Figure 9 illustrates the commercial model for knowledge to be captured and delivered during product integration and product demonstration and the possible application of that model to DOD 's acquisition process .
figure 9 illustrates the commercial model for knowledge to be captured and delivered during product integration and product demonstration and the possible [use] of that model to dod 's acquisition process .

Best Practices : Successful Application to Weapon Acquisitions Requires Changes in DOD 's Environment .
best practices : successful [use] to weapon acquisitions requires changes in dod 's environment .

The proposed revisions fall into three categories : GAGAS framework , consistent application of the standards where applicable to the various types of audits , and strengthening or streamlining the standards .
the proposed revisions fall into three categories : gagas framework , consistent [use] of the standards where applicable to the various types of audits , and strengthening or streamlining the standards .

To assist you in developing your comments , this letter discusses the proposed GAGAS framework and encloses a listing of the proposed changes to GAGAS made for consistent application of the standards or for strengthening or streamlining the standards .
to assist you in developing your comments , this letter discusses the proposed gagas framework and encloses a listing of the proposed changes to gagas made for consistent [use] of the standards or for strengthening or streamlining the standards .

As previously stated , we are enclosing a numbered listing of the more significant proposed changes made to the chapters for consistent application of GAGAS and the proposed changes made to strengthen or streamline GAGAS .
as previously stated , we are enclosing a numbered listing of the more significant proposed changes made to the chapters for consistent [use] of gagas and the proposed changes made to strengthen or streamline gagas .

Jeffrey C. Steinhoff Managing Director Financial Management and Assurance Enclosures GAO-02-340G Government Auditing Standards Exposure Draft 4 Enclosure Enclosure Proposed changes made for consistent application of GAGAS where applicable :
jeffrey c. steinhoff managing director financial management and assurance enclosures gao-02-340g government auditing standards exposure draft 4 enclosure enclosure proposed changes made for consistent [use] of gagas where applicable :

We also recognize that the practices require customized application at individual organizations depending on factors such as existing organizational strengths and weaknesses .
we also recognize that the practices require customized [use] at individual organizations depending on factors such as existing organizational strengths and weaknesses .

I have seen in my public and private sector careers how GPRA 's purposes of improved performance and accountability can be achieved through the disciplined application of the goalsetting , planning , performance measurement , and reporting requirements of the act .
i have seen in my public and private sector careers how gpra 's purposes of improved performance and accountability can be achieved through the disciplined [use] of the goalsetting , planning , performance measurement , and reporting requirements of the act .

In selecting and/or developing , and implementing a particular electronic signature technology for an automated T & A application , management must assess the risks associated with the loss , misuse , or compromise of the electronic T & A information and signatures compared to the benefits , costs , and effort associated with selecting and/or developing and managing the automated systems and electronic signatures.10 See the appendix for a further explanation about electronic signatures and GAO 's review of such applications .
in selecting and/or developing , and implementing a particular electronic signature technology for an automated t & a [use] , management must assess the risks associated with the loss , misuse , or compromise of the electronic t & a information and signatures compared to the benefits , costs , and effort associated with selecting and/or developing and managing the automated systems and electronic signatures.10 see the appendix for a further explanation about electronic signatures and gao 's review of such applications .

We have also found these criteria useful since they are technology neutral ( can be used regardless of the technology used to produce the signature ) and allow for a variety of implementation methods , depending of the degree of risk associated with a given application .
we have also found these criteria useful since they are technology neutral ( can be used regardless of the technology used to produce the signature ) and allow for a variety of implementation methods , depending of the degree of risk associated with a given [use] .

However , he also noted that parts of the electronic system for the organic standards rule were developed by a contractor using proprietary software , and because USDA does not own the application , even AMS can not use it for other rulemakings .
however , he also noted that parts of the electronic system for the organic standards rule were developed by a contractor using proprietary software , and because usda does not own the [use] , even ams can not use it for other rulemakings .

The final rule amends Regulation Y to improve the competitiveness of bank holding companies by eliminating unnecessary regulatory burden and operating restrictions and streamlining the application and notice process .
the final rule amends regulation y to improve the competitiveness of bank holding companies by eliminating unnecessary regulatory burden and operating restrictions and streamlining the [use] and notice process .

We have been advised by an official at INS that the Application for Asylum and Withholding of Removal Form ( INS Form I-589 ; OMB Control No .
we have been advised by an official at ins that the [use] for asylum and withholding of removal form ( ins form i-589 ; omb control no .

There are two broad groupings of information systems control - general control and application control .
there are two broad groupings of information systems control - general control and [use] control .

Application control is designed to cover the processing of data within the application software .
[use] control is designed to cover the processing of data within the [use] software .

This category includes entitywide security program planning , management , control over data center operations , system software acquisition and maintenance , access security , and application system development and maintenance .
this category includes entitywide security program planning , management , control over data center operations , system software acquisition and maintenance , access security , and [use] system development and maintenance .

This category of control is designed to help ensure completeness , accuracy , authorization , and validity of all transactions during application processing .
this category of control is designed to help ensure completeness , accuracy , authorization , and validity of all transactions during [use] processing .

Control should be installed at an application 's interfaces with other systems to ensure that all inputs are received and are valid and outputs are correct and properly distributed .
control should be installed at an [use] 's interfaces with other systems to ensure that all inputs are received and are valid and outputs are correct and properly distributed .

Page 17 GAO/AIMD-00-21.3.1 ( 11/99 ) General and application control over computer systems are interrelated .
page 17 gao/aimd-00-21.3.1 ( 11/99 ) general and [use] control over computer systems are interrelated .

General control supports the functioning of application control , and both are needed to ensure complete and accurate information processing .
general control supports the functioning of [use] control , and both are needed to ensure complete and accurate information processing .

If the general control is inadequate , the application control is unlikely to function properly and could be overridden .
if the general control is inadequate , the [use] control is unlikely to function properly and could be overridden .

Changes in technology and its application to electronic commerce and expanding Internet applications will change the specific control activities that may be employed and how they are implemented , but the basic requirements of control will not have changed .
changes in technology and its [use] to electronic commerce and expanding internet applications will change the specific control activities that may be employed and how they are implemented , but the basic requirements of control will not have changed .

Application of Audit Guide to Prototyping Methodology slippage later on .
[use] of audit guide to prototyping methodology slippage later on .

Statutory Responsibilities Through the Budget and Accounting Act of 1921 , the Congress established GAO in the legislative branch with the broad role of investigating `` all matters relating to the receipt , disbursement , and application of public funds '' and to `` make recommendations looking to greater economy or efficiency in public expenditures . ''
statutory responsibilities through the budget and accounting act of 1921 , the congress established gao in the legislative branch with the broad role of investigating `` all matters relating to the receipt , disbursement , and [use] of public funds '' and to `` make recommendations looking to greater economy or efficiency in public expenditures . ''

The original certification procedure required submission of a written application , test report and fee ( and a device for testing in some cases ) to the FCC laboratory .
the original certification procedure required submission of a written [use] , test report and fee ( and a device for testing in some cases ) to the fcc laboratory .

Under various analyses , the worst case scenario would be the application of the rule to a low of 771 commercial stations ( 68 percent of all stations ) to a high of 1,155 commercial and noncommercial stations ( 78 percent of all stations ) .
under various analyses , the worst case scenario would be the [use] of the rule to a low of 771 commercial stations ( 68 percent of all stations ) to a high of 1,155 commercial and noncommercial stations ( 78 percent of all stations ) .

The first type of Page 8 GAO/PEMD-91-10.1.9 Case Study Evaluations application illustrates findings established by other techniques , supplementing , for example , national findings on clean air from administrative records and other sources , with in-depth description on how funds have been used and with what results in selected cities .
the first type of page 8 gao/pemd-91-10.1.9 case study evaluations [use] illustrates findings established by other techniques , supplementing , for example , national findings on clean air from administrative records and other sources , with in-depth description on how funds have been used and with what results in selected cities .

The second type of application is in-depth analysis of a case of unique interest , such as whether funds have been awarded and managed properly in a specific community health center or if a certain former government official had done anything improper before or after leaving the government .
the second type of [use] is in-depth analysis of a case of unique interest , such as whether funds have been awarded and managed properly in a specific community health center or if a certain former government official had done anything improper before or after leaving the government .

This application uses the case study to examine causality and usually involves multisite , multimethod assessments .
this [use] uses the case study to examine causality and usually involves multisite , multimethod assessments .

To some GAO evaluators , the instance was an application of the case study method , because we were looking at only a few sites or because we could not generalize or because `` actual subjects are being used for analysis of a specific question . ''
to some gao evaluators , the instance was an [use] of the case study method , because we were looking at only a few sites or because we could not generalize or because `` actual subjects are being used for analysis of a specific question . ''

To some , the instance was clearly not an application of the case study method , because `` we do not know if the instances are representative of the universe , '' and `` there does n't appear to be enough done at each site . ''
to some , the instance was clearly not an [use] of the case study method , because `` we do not know if the instances are representative of the universe , '' and `` there does n't appear to be enough done at each site . ''

In a similar application , HRD described the projects funded under the Emergency Job Appropriations Act of 1983 in communities in Texas , Alabama , California , Georgia , and Massachusetts ( U.S. General Accounting Office , March 26 , 1985 ; August 27 , 1985 ; September 25 , 1985 ; December 6 , 1985 ) .
in a similar [use] , hrd described the projects funded under the emergency job appropriations act of 1983 in communities in texas , alabama , california , georgia , and massachusetts ( u.s. general accounting office , march 26 , 1985 ; august 27 , 1985 ; september 25 , 1985 ; december 6 , 1985 ) .

However , in many real-world situations , it is possible to represent diversity adequately for illustrative purposes and to obtain the benefits of this application : helping readers feel , hear , see , `` be there '' when this kind of surrogate site experience is necessary to undo stereotypes or explain a situation otherwise inaccessible for most people .
however , in many real-world situations , it is possible to represent diversity adequately for illustrative purposes and to obtain the benefits of this [use] : helping readers feel , hear , see , `` be there '' when this kind of surrogate site experience is necessary to undo stereotypes or explain a situation otherwise inaccessible for most people .

The advantage of recognizing the approach as an application of case study methods is that some aspects of the method-such as the close yoking of data collection and analysis-that may not be widely used now could be applied in a way that increases timeliness without reducing quality .
the advantage of recognizing the approach as an [use] of case study methods is that some aspects of the method-such as the close yoking of data collection and analysis-that may not be widely used now could be applied in a way that increases timeliness without reducing quality .

A very frequent application is the examination of a situation of unique interest , such as Three Mile Island , the Challenger disaster , or allegations concerning funding for a specific presidential campaign .
a very frequent [use] is the examination of a situation of unique interest , such as three mile island , the challenger disaster , or allegations concerning funding for a specific presidential campaign .

A second , rare , application is where a highly generalized or universal assertion is being called into question , and we are able to test it through examining one instance .
a second , rare , [use] is where a highly generalized or universal assertion is being called into question , and we are able to test it through examining one instance .

Page 46 GAO/PEMD-91-10.1.9 Case Study Evaluations Perhaps the biggest pitfall in this application is insufficient specification of the customer 's question .
page 46 gao/pemd-91-10.1.9 case study evaluations perhaps the biggest pitfall in this [use] is insufficient specification of the customer 's question .

The importance of probing the underlying questions in a request to achieve good specification of the evaluation question is not unique , of course , to the critical instance case study but it is crucial in its appropriate application .
the importance of probing the underlying questions in a request to achieve good specification of the evaluation question is not unique , of course , to the critical instance case study but it is crucial in its appropriate [use] .

Cumulative application of case study methods brings together the findings from case studies done at different times .
cumulative [use] of case study methods brings together the findings from case studies done at different times .

Evaluation Design Mismatch between criteria for the specific job and what the case study application can do ; insufficient attention to contrasts and comparisons needed for purposes of the study Site selection More sites selected than needed ; fewer sites selected than needed ; inappropriate basis for site selection , for the particular job and evaluation question Data collection Reliability jeopardized by lack of common guidance in data collection ; findings noncomparable ; lack of quality control in data collector roles and responsibilities : impartiality threatened ; overly loose relationship between data collected and the evaluation question ; inadequacy of information Data analysis Insufficient attention to requirements of analytic plan chosen : low plausibility of results ; insufficient attention to management and data reduction : inefficiency , lateness , incomplete use of data ; inadequate methods of relating findings across sites ; inadequate methods for relating qualitative and quantitative data within sites Reporting Quality and Evaluation Design : Planning Study stage Common pitfall We have presented six types of case study evaluations and for each one described features such as number of sites , site selection , data collection , data analysis , and reporting .
evaluation design mismatch between criteria for the specific job and what the case study [use] can do ; insufficient attention to contrasts and comparisons needed for purposes of the study site selection more sites selected than needed ; fewer sites selected than needed ; inappropriate basis for site selection , for the particular job and evaluation question data collection reliability jeopardized by lack of common guidance in data collection ; findings noncomparable ; lack of quality control in data collector roles and responsibilities : impartiality threatened ; overly loose relationship between data collected and the evaluation question ; inadequacy of information data analysis insufficient attention to requirements of analytic plan chosen : low plausibility of results ; insufficient attention to management and data reduction : inefficiency , lateness , incomplete use of data ; inadequate methods of relating findings across sites ; inadequate methods for relating qualitative and quantitative data within sites reporting quality and evaluation design : planning study stage common pitfall we have presented six types of case study evaluations and for each one described features such as number of sites , site selection , data collection , data analysis , and reporting .

Our descriptions represent a `` floor '' of quality for each evaluation application .
our descriptions represent a `` floor '' of quality for each evaluation [use] .

On matters of design , the guidelines discuss the clarity of issues , the relationship of the evaluation question to the case study application selected , the basis for case study selection , and the time span of the study .
on matters of design , the guidelines discuss the clarity of issues , the relationship of the evaluation question to the case study [use] selected , the basis for case study selection , and the time span of the study .

Reviewers will need to refer in addition to the features of each special type of case study application for supplementary guidance on what to look for in individual case studies .
reviewers will need to refer in addition to the features of each special type of case study [use] for supplementary guidance on what to look for in individual case studies .

Guidelines for Reviewing Case Study Reports There are at least six different types of case study application in evaluation , and their strengths and limitations are different .
guidelines for reviewing case study reports there are at least six different types of case study [use] in evaluation , and their strengths and limitations are different .

A good case study describes the case study application that was used .
a good case study describes the case study [use] that was used .

It explains why this application is appropriate for the kind of evaluation questions that were answered ( descriptive , normative , cause-and-effect ) .
it explains why this [use] is appropriate for the kind of evaluation questions that were answered ( descriptive , normative , cause-and-effect ) .

The reasons are appropriate for the case study application , an issue of particular concern if a generalization of the findings is intended .
the reasons are appropriate for the case study [use] , an issue of particular concern if a generalization of the findings is intended .

Rist , Ray C. `` On the Application of Ethnographic Inquiry to Education : Procedures and Possibilities . ''
rist , ray c. `` on the [use] of ethnographic inquiry to education : procedures and possibilities . ''

Program Effectiveness Evaluation The application of scientific research methods to estimate how much observed results , intended or not , are caused by program activities .
program effectiveness evaluation the [use] of scientific research methods to estimate how much observed results , intended or not , are caused by program activities .

Program Evaluation The application of scientific research methods to assess program concepts , implementation , and effectiveness .
program evaluation the [use] of scientific research methods to assess program concepts , implementation , and effectiveness .

For example , we looked at the efforts of four agencies ( the Departments of Agriculture , Health and Human Services , Interior , and Veterans Affairs ) to both improve services and reduce staffing levels in their personnel offices through the better application of information technology.6 The agencies planned to increase operating efficiencies and improve services by automating paper-based personnel processes .
for example , we looked at the efforts of four agencies ( the departments of agriculture , health and human services , interior , and veterans affairs ) to both improve services and reduce staffing levels in their personnel offices through the better [use] of information technology.6 the agencies planned to increase operating efficiencies and improve services by automating paper-based personnel processes .

The balance of this guide describes this framework and its application to CIOs in the federal government .
the balance of this guide describes this framework and its [use] to cios in the federal government .

The practices are not new ideas in the general management of organizations , but rather are the application of well-founded principles in the maturing area of information technology and management .
the practices are not new ideas in the general management of organizations , but rather are the [use] of well-founded principles in the maturing area of information technology and management .

The following discussion focuses on the common elements among the private , state , and federal sectors , and the application of the framework across all three .
the following discussion focuses on the common elements among the private , state , and federal sectors , and the [use] of the framework across all three .

The precise application of the practices depended on the specific contexts of their organizations , but the approaches were consistent .
the precise [use] of the practices depended on the specific contexts of their organizations , but the approaches were consistent .

Typically , leading organizations cultivate long-term skills such as contract management , project management , and security management , while outsourcing short-term skills such as application development .
typically , leading organizations cultivate long-term skills such as contract management , project management , and security management , while outsourcing short-term skills such as [use] development .

Recognition of the differences described above , as well as others , should influence the application of advice provided in this guide .
recognition of the differences described above , as well as others , should influence the [use] of advice provided in this guide .

As interpreted by the LSC and by the Government , the restriction prevents an attorney from arguing to a court that a state statute conflicts with a federal statute or that either a state or federal statute by its terms or in its application is violative of the United States Constitution .
as interpreted by the lsc and by the government , the restriction prevents an attorney from arguing to a court that a state statute conflicts with a federal statute or that either a state or federal statute by its terms or in its [use] is violative of the united states constitution .

This session focused on how programs should complete grant applications , and the new grant application requirements for applicants which anticipate sub-granting part of the LSC grant during the grant year .
this session focused on how programs should complete grant applications , and the new grant [use] requirements for applicants which anticipate sub-granting part of the lsc grant during the grant year .

The statute 's application of the presence requirement to legal permanent residents , for example , is in some tension with the fact that those aliens are legally entitled to leave the United States temporarily without affecting their immigration status .
the statute 's [use] of the presence requirement to legal permanent residents , for example , is in some tension with the fact that those aliens are legally entitled to leave the united states temporarily without affecting their immigration status .

Findings of Fact and Application of Law .
findings of fact and [use] of law .

The process for the admission of H-2A workers requires that the grower submit an application for certification to USDOL setting forth all the material terms and conditions of work that the employer intends to offer its workers .
the process for the admission of h-2a workers requires that the grower submit an [use] for certification to usdol setting forth all the material terms and conditions of work that the employer intends to offer its workers .

If USDOL determines that a labor shortage exists and that the job offer satisfies the federal requirements , USDOL approves the employer 's application for certification .
if usdol determines that a labor shortage exists and that the job offer satisfies the federal requirements , usdol approves the employer 's [use] for certification .

Applicants for permanent residence status as a rule are more restricted in their travel outside of the United States and must seek permission from the INS to travel or risk abandoning their application .
applicants for permanent residence status as a rule are more restricted in their travel outside of the united states and must seek permission from the ins to travel or risk abandoning their [use] .

By law , the USDOL has only seven days to review an application for H-2A certification to determine its compliance with the statutory requirements .
by law , the usdol has only seven days to review an [use] for h-2a certification to determine its compliance with the statutory requirements .

The statute 's application of the presence requirement to legal permanent residents , for example , is in some tension with the fact that those aliens are legally entitled to leave the United States temporarily without affecting their immigration status .
the statute 's [use] of the presence requirement to legal permanent residents , for example , is in some tension with the fact that those aliens are legally entitled to leave the united states temporarily without affecting their immigration status .

The phrase `` present in the United States '' appears to have originated in proposed legislation that would have expanded the categories of aliens eligible for LSC funded representation.17 The shift in language may have been based 15 From before the 1983 amendment until 1986 , the categories of eligible aliens included : ( 1 ) an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence ; ( 2 ) an alien who was either married to a United States citizen or was a parent or an unmarried child under the age of twenty-one years of such a citizen and who had filed an application for adjustment of status under the INA ; ( 3 ) an alien who was lawfully present in the United States as a refugee or who had been granted asylum by the Attorney General ; ( 4 ) an alien who was lawfully present in the United States as a result of the Attorney General 's withholding of deportation ; and ( 5 ) an alien lawfully present in the United States as a result of being granted conditional entry .
the phrase `` present in the united states '' appears to have originated in proposed legislation that would have expanded the categories of aliens eligible for lsc funded representation.17 the shift in language may have been based 15 from before the 1983 amendment until 1986 , the categories of eligible aliens included : ( 1 ) an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence ; ( 2 ) an alien who was either married to a united states citizen or was a parent or an unmarried child under the age of twenty-one years of such a citizen and who had filed an [use] for adjustment of status under the ina ; ( 3 ) an alien who was lawfully present in the united states as a refugee or who had been granted asylum by the attorney general ; ( 4 ) an alien who was lawfully present in the united states as a result of the attorney general 's withholding of deportation ; and ( 5 ) an alien lawfully present in the united states as a result of being granted conditional entry .

Nothing about the application of the `` is present '' language to the alien categories was altered .
nothing about the [use] of the `` is present '' language to the alien categories was altered .

Neither the language nor the legislative history of the statute suggest that Congress intended to alter the application of the presence requirement .
neither the language nor the legislative history of the statute suggest that congress intended to alter the [use] of the presence requirement .

Application of this interpretation to the U.S.-Mexico border would disrupt access of permanent legal residents to the legal system in the poorest region of the United States .
[use] of this interpretation to the u.s.-mexico border would disrupt access of permanent legal residents to the legal system in the poorest region of the united states .

Similarly , OIM revised the electronic Grant Renewal Application to accommodate new information sought by LSC and to ensure greater ease for users .
similarly , oim revised the electronic grant renewal [use] to accommodate new information sought by lsc and to ensure greater ease for users .

Protocols on closed cases will ensure the consistent application of our analysis factors .
protocols on closed cases will ensure the consistent [use] of our analysis factors .

Measurement of Quality through the Grant Application Process Through the competitive grants process , LSC evaluates an applicant 's capacity to provide effective and efficient high quality legal representation to eligible clients .
measurement of quality through the grant [use] process through the competitive grants process , lsc evaluates an applicant 's capacity to provide effective and efficient high quality legal representation to eligible clients .

Suggestions on how to improve the current process were implemented and , as a result , LSC will be sending feedback letters to applicants that filed grant proposals for 2003 funding to begin a dialogue about the applicant 's delivery system based on the grant application .
suggestions on how to improve the current process were implemented and , as a result , lsc will be sending feedback letters to applicants that filed grant proposals for 2003 funding to begin a dialogue about the applicant 's delivery system based on the grant [use] .

ILS worked with the Indiana Supreme Court to submit a successful grant application to the State Justice Institute for a Statewide Pro Se Office , at the Office of Supreme Court Administration .
ils worked with the indiana supreme court to submit a successful grant [use] to the state justice institute for a statewide pro se office , at the office of supreme court administration .

This is the first time they have collaborated on a funding application that will benefit the entire state .
this is the first time they have collaborated on a funding [use] that will benefit the entire state .

In addition , presentations on TIG funding availability and the application process took place at the National Equal Justice Conference , the Southeastern Project Directors Association meeting , the Indiana Access to Justice Conference and Virginia 's technology planning meeting .
in addition , presentations on tig funding availability and the [use] process took place at the national equal justice conference , the southeastern project directors association meeting , the indiana access to justice conference and virginia 's technology planning meeting .

LSC staff conducted telephonic Applicant Information Sessions or discussions on the application process with interested grantees and experts .
lsc staff conducted telephonic applicant information sessions or discussions on the [use] process with interested grantees and experts .

The determination of the configuration that will best serve clients throughout a particular state ultimately involves a balancing of factors and the application of judgment to a host of considerations .
the determination of the configuration that will best serve clients throughout a particular state ultimately involves a balancing of factors and the [use] of judgment to a host of considerations .

Data can also be used to predict potential acute and chronic toxicity in the receiving water , based on the LC50 and appropriate dilution , application , and persistence factors .
data can also be used to predict potential acute and chronic toxicity in the receiving water , based on the lc50 and appropriate dilution , [use] , and persistence factors .

He also found that fry survival and growth were very often equally sensitive , and concluded that the growth response could be deleted from routine application of the ELS tests .
he also found that fry survival and growth were very often equally sensitive , and concluded that the growth response could be deleted from routine [use] of the els tests .

The strongest application of the Calculator occurs from examining the relative price differences between two or more scenarios .
the strongest [use] of the calculator occurs from examining the relative price differences between two or more scenarios .

Climate change mitigation policy has been the main application of the AMIGA system to date .
climate change mitigation policy has been the main [use] of the amiga system to date .

Each permit application must include a statement that the owner or operator will meet the applicable allowance holding requirements , and such statement serves as the compliance plan under Title V for these trading programs .
each permit [use] must include a statement that the owner or operator will meet the applicable allowance holding requirements , and such statement serves as the compliance plan under title v for these trading programs .

The existing Section 408 is revised to provide that a permit application covering a unit in a particular trading program must be submitted to the permitting authority in accordance with the deadline established under Title V , rather than the deadline ( e.g. , twenty-four months before a new unit commences operation ) under existing Section 408 .
the existing section 408 is revised to provide that a permit [use] covering a unit in a particular trading program must be submitted to the permitting authority in accordance with the deadline established under title v , rather than the deadline ( e.g. , twenty-four months before a new unit commences operation ) under existing section 408 .

As under the existing provision , compliance with Title IV does not affect , except as expressly provided , the application of other requirements of the Clean Air Act .
as under the existing provision , compliance with title iv does not affect , except as expressly provided , the [use] of other requirements of the clean air act .

The Administrator is required , at least every eight years , to review and , if appropriate revise , these performance standards to reflect the degree of emission limitation achievable through application of the best system of emission reduction which the Administrator determines has been adequately demonstrated .
the administrator is required , at least every eight years , to review and , if appropriate revise , these performance standards to reflect the degree of emission limitation achievable through [use] of the best system of emission reduction which the administrator determines has been adequately demonstrated .

Data can also be used to predict potential acute and chronic toxicity in the receiving water , based on the LC50 , NOEC , IC50 or IC25 ( see Section 9 , Chronic Toxicity Endpoints and Data Analysis ) and appropriate dilution , application , and persistence factors .
data can also be used to predict potential acute and chronic toxicity in the receiving water , based on the lc50 , noec , ic50 or ic25 ( see section 9 , chronic toxicity endpoints and data analysis ) and appropriate dilution , [use] , and persistence factors .

He also found that fry survival and growth were very often equally sensitive , and concluded that the growth response could be deleted from routine application of the ELS tests .
he also found that fry survival and growth were very often equally sensitive , and concluded that the growth response could be deleted from routine [use] of the els tests .

The `` National Climate Change Technology Initiative '' will accelerate priority research and the application of advanced energy and sequestration technologies , recognizing that the real answer to addressing climate change in the long term lies in the development and global introduction of such technologies in this century .
the `` national climate change technology initiative '' will accelerate priority research and the [use] of advanced energy and sequestration technologies , recognizing that the real answer to addressing climate change in the long term lies in the development and global introduction of such technologies in this century .

The construction permit process requires that the facility prepare and submit the permit application to the applicable State or local regulatory agency .
the construction permit process requires that the facility prepare and submit the permit [use] to the applicable state or local regulatory agency .

The State or local regulatory agency then reviews the application and issues a draft approval .
the state or local regulatory agency then reviews the [use] and issues a draft approval .

The operating permit modification process consists of preparation and submission of the application to the applicable State or local regulatory agency .
the operating permit modification process consists of preparation and submission of the [use] to the applicable state or local regulatory agency .

This process can occur simultaneously with the processing of the construction permit application.10 The process of transitioning from the construction permit to the operating permit varies among States , but the application review process is estimated to take between 9 - 11 months .
this process can occur simultaneously with the processing of the construction permit application.10 the process of transitioning from the construction permit to the operating permit varies among states , but the [use] review process is estimated to take between 9 - 11 months .

The amount of catalyst for a particular situation will vary somewhat depending on the catalyst supplier and the difficulty of the application .
the amount of catalyst for a particular situation will vary somewhat depending on the catalyst supplier and the difficulty of the [use] .

The construction permit process requires that the facility prepare and submit the permit application to the applicable state or local regulatory agency .
the construction permit process requires that the facility prepare and submit the permit [use] to the applicable state or local regulatory agency .

The state or local regulatory agency then reviews the application and issues a draft approval .
the state or local regulatory agency then reviews the [use] and issues a draft approval .

The operating permit modification process consists of preparation and submission of the application to the applicable state or local regulatory agency .
the operating permit modification process consists of preparation and submission of the [use] to the applicable state or local regulatory agency .

As shown in Exhibit A-3 in Appendix A , this process can occur simultaneously with the processing of the construction permit application .
as shown in exhibit a-3 in appendix a , this process can occur simultaneously with the processing of the construction permit [use] .

Nonetheless , based on discussions with several states , the application review process is estimated to take approximately 9-11 months .
nonetheless , based on discussions with several states , the [use] review process is estimated to take approximately 9-11 months .

Similarly , with regard to sorbent injection , sorbents other than activated carbon ( AC ) may ultimately prove to be superior for this application in terms of cost or collection efficiency performance and may reduce the likely demand for ACI from what is projected here .
similarly , with regard to sorbent injection , sorbents other than activated carbon ( ac ) may ultimately prove to be superior for this [use] in terms of cost or collection efficiency performance and may reduce the likely demand for aci from what is projected here .

Thus , the most likely scenario for application of ACI is in a configuration with ESP or FF .
thus , the most likely scenario for [use] of aci is in a configuration with esp or ff .

For a high sulfur coal application , humidification would not be performed due to risk of acid condensation .
for a high sulfur coal [use] , humidification would not be performed due to risk of acid condensation .

The operating permit modification process consists of preparation and submission of the application to the appropriate state or local regulatory agency .
the operating permit modification process consists of preparation and submission of the [use] to the appropriate state or local regulatory agency .

As shown in Exhibit A-5 in Appendix A , this process can occur simultaneously with the processing of the construction permit application .
as shown in exhibit a-5 in appendix a , this process can occur simultaneously with the processing of the construction permit [use] .

Nonetheless , based on discussions with several states , the application review process is estimated to take approximately 38 weeks ( 9-10 months ) .
nonetheless , based on discussions with several states , the [use] review process is estimated to take approximately 38 weeks ( 9-10 months ) .

Ozone modeling is only done for the East because there is very little confidence in the application of this model to the West .
ozone modeling is only done for the east because there is very little confidence in the [use] of this model to the west .

Detailed information on the selection and application of C-R functions for other endpoints in Exhibit 4 is available in the Heavy-Duty Engine/Diesel Fuel RIA ( U.S. EPA , 2000b ) .
detailed information on the selection and [use] of c-r functions for other endpoints in exhibit 4 is available in the heavy-duty engine/diesel fuel ria ( u.s. epa , 2000b ) .

It is not possible to know the extent or direction of the bias in the total incidence change based on the general application of a single C-R function everywhere .
it is not possible to know the extent or direction of the bias in the total incidence change based on the general [use] of a single c-r function everywhere .

Application of C-R Relationship Nationwide Whether this analysis estimated the C-R relationship between a pollutant and a given health endpoint using a single function from a single study or using multiple C-R functions from several studies , each C-R relationship was applied uniformly throughout the U.S. to generate health benefit estimates .
[use] of c-r relationship nationwide whether this analysis estimated the c-r relationship between a pollutant and a given health endpoint using a single function from a single study or using multiple c-r functions from several studies , each c-r relationship was applied uniformly throughout the u.s. to generate health benefit estimates .

It is not possible , however , to know the extent or direction of the overall effect on health benefit estimates introduced by application of a single C-R function to the entire U.S .
it is not possible , however , to know the extent or direction of the overall effect on health benefit estimates introduced by [use] of a single c-r function to the entire u.s .

Nothing in this section relating to allowances shall be construed as affecting the application of , or compliance with , any other provision of this Act to an affected unit or facility , including the provisions related to applicable National Ambient Air Quality Standards and State implementation plans .
nothing in this section relating to allowances shall be construed as affecting the [use] of , or compliance with , any other provision of this act to an affected unit or facility , including the provisions related to applicable national ambient air quality standards and state implementation plans .

Such application for allowances by a State-regulated electric utility shall require approval by the State regulatory authority with jurisdiction over such electric utility .
such [use] for allowances by a state-regulated electric utility shall require approval by the state regulatory authority with jurisdiction over such electric utility .

The authority shall review the application for accuracy and compliance with this subsection and the rules under this subsection .
the authority shall review the [use] for accuracy and compliance with this subsection and the rules under this subsection .

An election shall be submitted to the Administrator for approval , along with a permit application and proposed compliance plan in accordance with section 404 .
an election shall be submitted to the administrator for approval , along with a permit [use] and proposed compliance plan in accordance with section 404 .

For an existing source regulated under this section , `` standard of performance '' means a standard which the Administrator determines is applicable to that source and which reflects the degree of emission reduction achievable through the application of the best system of continuous emission reduction which ( taking into consideration the cost of achieving such emission reduction , and any nonair quality health and environmental impact and energy requirements ) the Administrator determines has been adequately demonstrated for that category of sources .
for an existing source regulated under this section , `` standard of performance '' means a standard which the administrator determines is applicable to that source and which reflects the degree of emission reduction achievable through the [use] of the best system of continuous emission reduction which ( taking into consideration the cost of achieving such emission reduction , and any nonair quality health and environmental impact and energy requirements ) the administrator determines has been adequately demonstrated for that category of sources .

Postal Service , the Commission extended their application for an additional five-year period in a recent rulemaking.11 Conclusion : Specialized Postal Rate Commission rules of procedure are currently available for use by the Postal Service to provide expeditious consideration of proposed service innovations in a manner consistent with the due process rights of all interested persons .
postal service , the commission extended their [use] for an additional five-year period in a recent rulemaking.11 conclusion : specialized postal rate commission rules of procedure are currently available for use by the postal service to provide expeditious consideration of proposed service innovations in a manner consistent with the due process rights of all interested persons .

Postal Service Wages and Benefits to the Private Sector : Evidence from the Total Compensation Premium , New Hire Increases , Quit Rates and Application Rates , '' Michael L Wachter , Barry T. Hirsch , and James W. Gillula , July 10 , 1995 .
postal service wages and benefits to the private sector : evidence from the total compensation premium , new hire increases , quit rates and [use] rates , '' michael l wachter , barry t. hirsch , and james w. gillula , july 10 , 1995 .

They sometimes break down in application , when faced with a practical situation that does not align well with the assumptions of the approach .
they sometimes break down in [use] , when faced with a practical situation that does not align well with the assumptions of the approach .

Bayoumi obliged by not only locating an apartment but also helping them fill out the lease application , co-signing the lease and , when the real estate agent refused to take cash for a deposit , helping them open a bank account ( which they did with a $ 9,900 deposit ) ; he then provided a certified check from his own account for which the al Qaeda operatives reimbursed him on the spot for the deposit .
bayoumi obliged by not only locating an apartment but also helping them fill out the lease [use] , co-signing the lease and , when the real estate agent refused to take cash for a deposit , helping them open a bank account ( which they did with a $ 9,900 deposit ) ; he then provided a certified check from his own account for which the al qaeda operatives reimbursed him on the spot for the deposit .

In October , he tried one last time , in Berlin , applying for a student visa to attend `` aviation language school , '' but the prior denials were noted and this application was denied as well , as incomplete .
in october , he tried one last time , in berlin , applying for a student visa to attend `` aviation language school , '' but the prior denials were noted and this [use] was denied as well , as incomplete .

Upon arriving in Afghanistan , a recruit would fill out an application with standard questions , such as , What brought you to Afghanistan ?
upon arriving in afghanistan , a recruit would fill out an [use] with standard questions , such as , what brought you to afghanistan ?

He arranged to travel to Afghanistan in March 2000 , swore allegiance to Bin Ladin ( agreeing to serve as a suicide operative ) , and was sent to Saudi Arabia by KSM with 9/11 hijacker Ahmad al Haznawi to obtain a U.S. visa , but his visa application was denied because he appeared to be intending to immigrate .
he arranged to travel to afghanistan in march 2000 , swore allegiance to bin ladin ( agreeing to serve as a suicide operative ) , and was sent to saudi arabia by ksm with 9/11 hijacker ahmad al haznawi to obtain a u.s. visa , but his visa [use] was denied because he appeared to be intending to immigrate .

DOS record , Ghamdi visa application , Nov. 13 , 2000 .
dos record , ghamdi visa [use] , nov. 13 , 2000 .

In Jeddah , they briefly shared an apartment with Shehri , who provided them with directions to the consulate and showed them how to fill out the visa application .
in jeddah , they briefly shared an apartment with shehri , who provided them with directions to the consulate and showed them how to fill out the visa [use] .

His application was denied because he appeared to be an economic immigrant .
his [use] was denied because he appeared to be an economic immigrant .

DOS record , visa application of Ali Abdul Aziz Ali , Aug.27 , 2001 .
dos record , visa [use] of ali abdul aziz ali , aug.27 , 2001 .

Banihammad , who was from the UAE , was familiar with the country 's procedures and helped Hawsawi complete his account application .
banihammad , who was from the uae , was familiar with the country 's procedures and helped hawsawi complete his account [use] .

In some cases , bank employees completed the Social Security number fields on the new account application with a hijacker 's date of birth or visa control number , but did so on their own to complete the form .
in some cases , bank employees completed the social security number fields on the new account [use] with a hijacker 's date of birth or visa control number , but did so on their own to complete the form .

On Kahtani 's attempt to enter the U.S. , see INS record , withdrawal of application for admission of Kahtani , Aug. 4 , 2001 .
on kahtani 's attempt to enter the u.s. , see ins record , withdrawal of [use] for admission of kahtani , aug. 4 , 2001 .

The picture taker was in New York to obtain further information regarding his pending citizenship application .
the picture taker was in new york to obtain further information regarding his pending citizenship [use] .

In this case , application of the routine procedure did not serve that purpose because the FBI agent was aware of the source 's identity as well as the methods used to obtain the information .
in this case , [use] of the routine procedure did not serve that purpose because the fbi agent was aware of the source 's identity as well as the methods used to obtain the information .

For the reporting regarding Mihdhar and Hazmi , see CIA cable , Khalid 's passport , Jan. 4 , 2000 ; CIA cable , Mihdhar 's visa application , Jan. 5 , 2000 ; CIA cable , Hazmi entered U.S. , Mar .
for the reporting regarding mihdhar and hazmi , see cia cable , khalid 's passport , jan. 4 , 2000 ; cia cable , mihdhar 's visa [use] , jan. 5 , 2000 ; cia cable , hazmi entered u.s. , mar .

In any event , the Minneapolis agents were concerned that if they tried to first obtain a criminal warrant but the U.S. Attorney 's Office or the judge refused , the FISA Court might reject an application for a FISA warrant on the grounds that the agents were attempting to make an end run around the criminal process .
in any event , the minneapolis agents were concerned that if they tried to first obtain a criminal warrant but the u.s. attorney 's office or the judge refused , the fisa court might reject an [use] for a fisa warrant on the grounds that the agents were attempting to make an end run around the criminal process .

Kahtani was unable to prove his admissibility and withdrew his application for admission after an immigration inspector remained unpersuaded that he was a tourist .
kahtani was unable to prove his admissibility and withdrew his [use] for admission after an immigration inspector remained unpersuaded that he was a tourist .

Technology as an Intelligence Asset and Liability The application of newly developed scientific technology to the mission of U.S. war fighters and national security decisionmakers is one of the great success stories of the twentieth century .
technology as an intelligence asset and liability the [use] of newly developed scientific technology to the mission of u.s. war fighters and national security decisionmakers is one of the great success stories of the twentieth century .

He knew that Mihdhar possessed a U.S. visa , that his visa application indicated that he intended to travel to New York , that Hazmi had traveled to Los Angeles , and that a source had put Mihdhar in the company of Khallad .
he knew that mihdhar possessed a u.s. visa , that his visa [use] indicated that he intended to travel to new york , that hazmi had traveled to los angeles , and that a source had put mihdhar in the company of khallad .

FBI headquarters did not believe this was good enough , and its National Security Law Unit declined to submit a FISA application .
fbi headquarters did not believe this was good enough , and its national security law unit declined to submit a fisa [use] .

When Khallad applied for a U.S. visa , however , his application was denied .
when khallad applied for a u.s. visa , however , his [use] was denied .

Another al Qaeda operative gave Khallad the name of a person living in the United States whom Khallad could use as a point of contact on a visa application .
another al qaeda operative gave khallad the name of a person living in the united states whom khallad could use as a point of contact on a visa [use] .

After his application was rejected , he went to Germany and applied for asylum under the name Ramzi Omar , claiming to be a Sudanese citizen seeking asylum .
after his [use] was rejected , he went to germany and applied for asylum under the name ramzi omar , claiming to be a sudanese citizen seeking asylum .

In 1997 , after his asylum application was denied , Binalshibh went home to Yemen but returned to Germany shortly thereafter under his true name , this time registering as a student in Hamburg .
in 1997 , after his asylum [use] was denied , binalshibh went home to yemen but returned to germany shortly thereafter under his true name , this time registering as a student in hamburg .

For Khallad 's visa application under a false name and its rejection , see DOS record , visa application of Salah Saeed Mohammed bin Yousaf ( alias for Khallad ) , Apr .
for khallad 's visa [use] under a false name and its rejection , see dos record , visa [use] of salah saeed mohammed bin yousaf ( alias for khallad ) , apr .

Khallad 's visa denial was based not on terrorism concerns but apparently on his failure to submit sufficient documentation in support of his application .
khallad 's visa denial was based not on terrorism concerns but apparently on his failure to submit sufficient documentation in support of his [use] .

According to the CIA , '' Barzan '' is possibly identifiable with Sarbarz Mohammed , the person who resided at the address in Bothell , Washington , that Khallad listed on his visa application as his final destination .
according to the cia , '' barzan '' is possibly identifiable with sarbarz mohammed , the person who resided at the address in bothell , washington , that khallad listed on his visa [use] as his final destination .

Bazarah obtained a visa application and moved to Los Angeles , but Binalshibh 's application was denied .
bazarah obtained a visa [use] and moved to los angeles , but binalshibh 's [use] was denied .

In May 2001 , Ashcroft altered the FISA application process to ensure greater accuracy .
in may 2001 , ashcroft altered the fisa [use] process to ensure greater accuracy .

The rental application states that Hazmi and Mihdhar resided in Bayoumi 's apartment from January 15 to February 2 , 2000 , but Bayoumi denies it , and we have found no reason to dispute his denial .
the rental [use] states that hazmi and mihdhar resided in bayoumi 's apartment from january 15 to february 2 , 2000 , but bayoumi denies it , and we have found no reason to dispute his denial .

According to Bayoumi , he was in such a hurry to complete the rental transaction that he signed the application form without reading it .
according to bayoumi , he was in such a hurry to complete the rental transaction that he signed the [use] form without reading it .

FBI report of investigation , interview of Mohdar Abdullah , July 23 , 2002 ; 4377 Parks Avenue , San Diego record , `` Application to Rent and Rental Deposit , '' Sept. 21 , 2000 .
fbi report of investigation , interview of mohdar abdullah , july 23 , 2002 ; 4377 parks avenue , san diego record , `` [use] to rent and rental deposit , '' sept. 21 , 2000 .

See INS record , Atta application to change status , Sept. 19 , 2000 ; INS record , Shehhi application to change status , Sept. 15 , 2000 .
see ins record , atta [use] to change status , sept. 19 , 2000 ; ins record , shehhi [use] to change status , sept. 15 , 2000 .

For his September application in Yemen , see DOS record , Binalshibh visa application , Sept. 16 , 2000 .
for his september [use] in yemen , see dos record , binalshibh visa [use] , sept. 16 , 2000 .

For his October application in Berlin , see DOS record , Binalshibh visa application , Nov. 1 , 2000 .
for his october [use] in berlin , see dos record , binalshibh visa [use] , nov. 1 , 2000 .

Even after the last application was rejected , Binalshibh sought ways to get a visa , such as by marrying a U.S. citizen .
even after the last [use] was rejected , binalshibh sought ways to get a visa , such as by marrying a u.s. citizen .

For Hanjour 's travel and supposed destination , see INS record , NIIS record of Hanjour , Dec. 8 , 2000 ; DOS record , Hanjour visa application , Sept. 25 , 2000 .
for hanjour 's travel and supposed destination , see ins record , niis record of hanjour , dec. 8 , 2000 ; dos record , hanjour visa [use] , sept. 25 , 2000 .

INS record , Withdrawal of Application for Admission for Mohamed al Kahtani , Aug. 4 , 2001 .
ins record , withdrawal of [use] for admission for mohamed al kahtani , aug. 4 , 2001 .

The United States and some of its allies do not accept the application of full Geneva Convention treatment of prisoners of war to captured terrorists .
the united states and some of its allies do not accept the [use] of full geneva convention treatment of prisoners of war to captured terrorists .

Implementation for New York City Syndromic Surveillance Depending on the application , the method may be used with different parameter settings .
implementation for new york city syndromic surveillance depending on the [use] , the method may be used with different parameter settings .

By extension , these data predict that application of statins to neurons might directly or indirectly inhibit ROCK1 activity .
by extension , these data predict that [use] of statins to neurons might directly or indirectly inhibit rock1 activity .

Based on these reports , we asked whether the Rho/ROCK pathway might play a role in controlling shedding of sAPP α following statin application .
based on these reports , we asked whether the rho/rock pathway might play a role in controlling shedding of sapp α following statin [use] .

Our study shows that application of endogenous signals governing pancreas development to human neural progenitor cells can generate glucose-responsive IPCs .
our study shows that [use] of endogenous signals governing pancreas development to human neural progenitor cells can generate glucose-responsive ipcs .

Historically , the effects of each hormone have been defined largely by the application of exogenous hormone .
historically , the effects of each hormone have been defined largely by the [use] of exogenous hormone .

Elevating endogenous auxin levels rendered plants more sensitive to BR application in hypocotyl elongation assays , and this response was dependent upon both the auxin and BR signaling pathways .
elevating endogenous auxin levels rendered plants more sensitive to br [use] in hypocotyl elongation assays , and this response was dependent upon both the auxin and br signaling pathways .

New Drug Applications Before a pharmaceutical company can conduct a US trial that it intends to use in support of a new drug application ( NDA ) , it must first register that trial with the FDA .
new drug applications before a pharmaceutical company can conduct a us trial that it intends to use in support of a new drug [use] ( nda ) , it must first register that trial with the fda .

This registration takes the form of an investigational new drug ( IND ) application [ 9 ] .
this registration takes the form of an investigational new drug ( ind ) [use] [ 9 ] .

Harvard and BIOMOL Research Laboratories , its commercial partner based in Pennsylvania , have already filed a patent application for the use of “ synthetic related molecules ” to combat diseases of ageing—an application , Sinclair adds , “ very much linked to the [ polyphenols ] paper. ” There 's been a radical shift in attitude towards ageing , says Sinclair .
harvard and biomol research laboratories , its commercial partner based in pennsylvania , have already filed a patent [use] for the use of “ synthetic related molecules ” to combat diseases of ageing—an [use] , sinclair adds , “ very much linked to the [ polyphenols ] paper. ” there 's been a radical shift in attitude towards ageing , says sinclair .

While often couching their critiques in language that assails the pursuit of perfection , what they really are attacking is the far more oft-expressed—albeit far less lofty—desire to improve or enhance a particular behavior or trait by the application of emerging biomedical knowledge in genetics , neuroscience , pharmacology , and physiology .
while often couching their critiques in language that assails the pursuit of perfection , what they really are attacking is the far more oft-expressed—albeit far less lofty—desire to improve or enhance a particular behavior or trait by the [use] of emerging biomedical knowledge in genetics , neuroscience , pharmacology , and physiology .

Their application would be declared off-limits or at least tightly regulated [ 1,2,3,4,5,7,8,9 ] .
their [use] would be declared off-limits or at least tightly regulated [ 1,2,3,4,5,7,8,9 ] .

In a rights framework , “ mental health needs ” are not analyzed ( as they are in many studies ) in terms of the application of given diagnostic criteria in isolation from the social context that leads to use of the mental health sector , and mentally disabled persons are treated as more than patients who need services [ 7,8 ] .
in a rights framework , “ mental health needs ” are not analyzed ( as they are in many studies ) in terms of the [use] of given diagnostic criteria in isolation from the social context that leads to use of the mental health sector , and mentally disabled persons are treated as more than patients who need services [ 7,8 ] .

In evaluating the promise and pitfalls of DNA barcoding , we need to separate the two areas of application : molecular diagnostics of individuals relative to described taxa , and DNA-led discovery of new species .
in evaluating the promise and pitfalls of dna barcoding , we need to separate the two areas of [use] : molecular diagnostics of individuals relative to described taxa , and dna-led discovery of new species .

For example , the production of an unlimited supply of mesenchymal precursors would be very useful , not only for the understanding of how cells differentiate , but also for eventual practical application .
for example , the production of an unlimited supply of mesenchymal precursors would be very useful , not only for the understanding of how cells differentiate , but also for eventual practical [use] .

Insel suggests an initial mental health application : find dyspyndin , a gene linked to schizophrenia .
insel suggests an initial mental health [use] : find dyspyndin , a gene linked to schizophrenia .

Second , there is much to be said for the application of similar methods to investigations of large-scale , hemisphere-related patterns of species interactions .
second , there is much to be said for the [use] of similar methods to investigations of large-scale , hemisphere-related patterns of species interactions .

Bergman and Siegal ( 2003 ) used data from the yeast Sacchromyces cerevisiae , in which each gene may be ‘ knocked out ’ in turn and the expression of the remaining genes determined , to demonstrate that their simulations also had application to biological gene networks .
bergman and siegal ( 2003 ) used data from the yeast sacchromyces cerevisiae , in which each gene may be ‘ knocked out ’ in turn and the expression of the remaining genes determined , to demonstrate that their simulations also had [use] to biological gene networks .

If it proves possible to drive similar effects in skeletal muscles in humans , the interventions capable of providing such effects would almost certainly find broad clinical application .
if it proves possible to drive similar effects in skeletal muscles in humans , the interventions capable of providing such effects would almost certainly find broad clinical [use] .

These results emphasize how difficult it is to translate findings , such as the spectacular results obtained by the vaccination of TCR transgenic mice with heteroclitic peptides [ 12 ] , into an application for normal animals and humans .
these results emphasize how difficult it is to translate findings , such as the spectacular results obtained by the vaccination of tcr transgenic mice with heteroclitic peptides [ 12 ] , into an [use] for normal animals and humans .

One concern for the clinical application of hESC-derived progeny in regenerative medicine is the risk of teratoma formation due to the presence of residual undifferentiated ES cells among the differentiated progeny .
one concern for the clinical [use] of hesc-derived progeny in regenerative medicine is the risk of teratoma formation due to the presence of residual undifferentiated es cells among the differentiated progeny .

The authors also note another issue that has received surprisingly little attention in infectious disease models , namely , the influence of incubation and infectious period distributions on the invasion dynamics of an infection into a largely susceptible population—despite its obvious application to emerging infections and possible “ deliberate exposure. ” The impact of these differences on models could translate into potentially important public health concerns , say the authors .
the authors also note another issue that has received surprisingly little attention in infectious disease models , namely , the influence of incubation and infectious period distributions on the invasion dynamics of an infection into a largely susceptible population—despite its obvious [use] to emerging infections and possible “ deliberate exposure. ” the impact of these differences on models could translate into potentially important public health concerns , say the authors .

Current Limitations of Islet Transplantation While significant progress has been made in the islet transplantation field [ 14 ] , many obstacles remain that currently preclude its widespread application .
current limitations of islet transplantation while significant progress has been made in the islet transplantation field [ 14 ] , many obstacles remain that currently preclude its widespread [use] .

While no one suggests that the therapy is ready for widespread clinical application , another way of highlighting current problems is to focus on cost .
while no one suggests that the therapy is ready for widespread clinical [use] , another way of highlighting current problems is to focus on cost .

In the research paper in PLoS Medicine , Haubner and colleagues take the development of the compound further towards clinical application .
in the research paper in plos medicine , haubner and colleagues take the development of the compound further towards clinical [use] .

With the application of surgical techniques to exercise physiology in the late 1960s ( Bergstrom and Hultman 1966 ) , it became possible to obtain biopsy samples ( ∼150 mg ) of human skeletal muscle , and by means of histological and biochemical analyses , specific morphological , contractile , and metabolic properties were identified .
with the [use] of surgical techniques to exercise physiology in the late 1960s ( bergstrom and hultman 1966 ) , it became possible to obtain biopsy samples ( ∼150 mg ) of human skeletal muscle , and by means of histological and biochemical analyses , specific morphological , contractile , and metabolic properties were identified .

One important application of our method is in pediatric HIV monitoring .
one important [use] of our method is in pediatric hiv monitoring .

Gabrieli cautions , that small leap in fact traverses a huge chasm , on one side of which is the group data from which conclusions are drawn in studies , and on the other side , the application of these conclusions to the individual child .
gabrieli cautions , that small leap in fact traverses a huge chasm , on one side of which is the group data from which conclusions are drawn in studies , and on the other side , the [use] of these conclusions to the individual child .

Free community science was inspired by the free software movement , which itself was inspired by the application of the ideal of scientific cooperation , as it was applied to software development by the operating system developers of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology Artificial Intelligence Lab in the 1970s .
free community science was inspired by the free software movement , which itself was inspired by the [use] of the ideal of scientific cooperation , as it was applied to software development by the operating system developers of the massachusetts institute of technology artificial intelligence lab in the 1970s .

The FDA is currently reviewing an application for Genasense , based on promising results in the treatment of malignant melanoma .
the fda is currently reviewing an [use] for genasense , based on promising results in the treatment of malignant melanoma .

It 's no surprise to us—we 've seen this movie before. ” Usman expects Sirna to file an Investigational New Drug Application with the FDA by the end of 2004 and to have a human clinical trial in progress in 2005 .
it 's no surprise to us—we 've seen this movie before. ” usman expects sirna to file an investigational new drug [use] with the fda by the end of 2004 and to have a human clinical trial in progress in 2005 .

Clinical-grade peptides used were provided by the Cancer Therapy Evaluation Program of the NCI under an Investigational New Drug application BB 6123 held by the NCI .
clinical-grade peptides used were provided by the cancer therapy evaluation program of the nci under an investigational new drug [use] bb 6123 held by the nci .

Therefore , optimized use of heteroclitic peptide to induce an initial peptide-specific T cell response , followed by selective expansion of the highest RE tumor-lytic T cells may be needed for an effective strategy with clear clinical application .
therefore , optimized use of heteroclitic peptide to induce an initial peptide-specific t cell response , followed by selective expansion of the highest re tumor-lytic t cells may be needed for an effective strategy with clear clinical [use] .

In algebra , efforts to find the roots of equations led to the discovery of the symmetries of roots of equations and thence to the invention of group theory , which finds routine application in the study of crystallographic groups by structural biologists today .
in algebra , efforts to find the roots of equations led to the discovery of the symmetries of roots of equations and thence to the invention of group theory , which finds routine [use] in the study of crystallographic groups by structural biologists today .

Several research groups around the world have worked on vaccine development—and their efforts have been boosted by the classification of Lassa virus as a Category A bioweapons agent—but to date no vaccine is available for either general or high-risk application in humans .
several research groups around the world have worked on vaccine development—and their efforts have been boosted by the classification of lassa virus as a category a bioweapons agent—but to date no vaccine is available for either general or high-risk [use] in humans .

One shot of this vaccine protected four out of four vaccinated monkeys against a lethal virus challenge , whereas the two control animals died , making the vaccine a serious candidate for future application in humans .
one shot of this vaccine protected four out of four vaccinated monkeys against a lethal virus challenge , whereas the two control animals died , making the vaccine a serious candidate for future [use] in humans .

Recent advances , such as the application of mutagenic screens to study fin regeneration in zebrafish ( Johnson and Weston 1995 ; Poss et al .
recent advances , such as the [use] of mutagenic screens to study fin regeneration in zebrafish ( johnson and weston 1995 ; poss et al .

However , Msx1 -deficient mice exhibit impaired fetal digit-tip regeneration , a phenotype that can be rescued in ex vivo cultures in a dose-dependent manner by application of exogenous BMP4 ( Han et al .
however , msx1 -deficient mice exhibit impaired fetal digit-tip regeneration , a phenotype that can be rescued in ex vivo cultures in a dose-dependent manner by [use] of exogenous bmp4 ( han et al .

Children would be followed , when indicated , to ensure that an excess of neurobehavioral problems or other relevant outcomes did not develop among those whose homes were assigned to receive the pesticide application .
children would be followed , when indicated , to ensure that an excess of neurobehavioral problems or other relevant outcomes did not develop among those whose homes were assigned to receive the pesticide [use] .

That debate needs to be guided by a thorough understanding and diligent application of sound health policy science .
that debate needs to be guided by a thorough understanding and diligent [use] of sound health policy science .

Strategy one : Developing a drug that has both a commercial market in the west and an application against a neglected parasitic disease .
strategy one : developing a drug that has both a commercial market in the west and an [use] against a neglected parasitic disease .

Another crucial question is how quickly vaccinated individuals acquire protection , and thus whether the vaccine would be suitable for creating a ring of vaccination around an outbreak zone , the most likely early application of a promising candidate vaccine .
another crucial question is how quickly vaccinated individuals acquire protection , and thus whether the vaccine would be suitable for creating a ring of vaccination around an outbreak zone , the most likely early [use] of a promising candidate vaccine .

I have enclosed a packet of information about MCCOY and its work as well as an application with various options for supporting the youth of our community .
i have enclosed a packet of information about mccoy and its work as well as an [use] with various options for supporting the youth of our community .

Enclosed once again is a membership application form and a business reply envelope .
enclosed once again is a membership [use] form and a business reply envelope .

To receive an application form , check the NAP box on the enclosed pledge card or call us , ( 317 ) 634-6102 , ext .
to receive an [use] form , check the nap box on the enclosed pledge card or call us , ( 317 ) 634-6102 , ext .

I have enclosed a membership application for your use or you can call us at ( 800 ) 749-2257 to join today .
i have enclosed a membership [use] for your use or you can call us at ( 800 ) 749-2257 to join today .

The WP fronts a piece on wacky , esoteric college application essay questions that colleges like Bennington and University of Chicago are using for a variety of reasons .
the wp fronts a piece on wacky , esoteric college [use] essay questions that colleges like bennington and university of chicago are using for a variety of reasons .

To qualify for a bonus under his new regulations , states would be required not just to make it easy for families who leave welfare ( TANF ) to keep getting food stamps , but to actively `` encourage food stamp applications even if the TANF application halts . ''
to qualify for a bonus under his new regulations , states would be required not just to make it easy for families who leave welfare ( tanf ) to keep getting food stamps , but to actively `` encourage food stamp applications even if the tanf [use] halts . ''

Alarmingly , individual candidates can bundle their campaign literature into a vote-by-mail application ( which incidentally does not require identification ) .
alarmingly , individual candidates can bundle their campaign literature into a vote-by-mail [use] ( which incidentally does not require identification ) .

Application of rule to facts : If the question posed ever came up , I am sure the evidence would be admitted , under Rule 807 .
[use] of rule to facts : if the question posed ever came up , i am sure the evidence would be admitted , under rule 807 .

Barbour bases his thesis on a highly abstract but oddly common-sensical application of quantum mechanics that amounts to taking literally the implications of the fact that a synonym for `` infinite '' is `` timeless . ''
barbour bases his thesis on a highly abstract but oddly common-sensical [use] of quantum mechanics that amounts to taking literally the implications of the fact that a synonym for `` infinite '' is `` timeless . ''

The one problem with all this : Despite the apparent oddity of the home run ball case , not one of these horrified public servants has shown why it is n't a perfectly straightforward application of the gift tax .
the one problem with all this : despite the apparent oddity of the home run ball case , not one of these horrified public servants has shown why it is n't a perfectly straightforward [use] of the gift tax .

Actually , I think it is a straightforward application of the tax code not to tax the gift of the ball , since there is no income to the person giving the ball away .
actually , i think it is a straightforward [use] of the tax code not to tax the gift of the ball , since there is no income to the person giving the ball away .

David Feige replies : The point of my piece was not to examine the minor differences between the Model Rules of Professional Conduct and the Model Code of Professional Responsibility -- a subject that I am sure Professor Hodes has examined in a more lengthy tome -- but rather to discuss the application of the code ( or rules ) in the real world .
david feige replies : the point of my piece was not to examine the minor differences between the model rules of professional conduct and the model code of professional responsibility -- a subject that i am sure professor hodes has examined in a more lengthy tome -- but rather to discuss the [use] of the code ( or rules ) in the real world .

There 's also an `` Online Internship Application , '' which offers students experience in `` correspondence , grassroots organization , volunteer coordination , fundraising , events planning and coordination , and media events . ''
there 's also an `` online internship [use] , '' which offers students experience in `` correspondence , grassroots organization , volunteer coordination , fundraising , events planning and coordination , and media events . ''

Referring to Turkey 's longstanding application for membership in the European Union , Birand said , `` A special fund needs to be established to get the Turkish economy up and running , not under the leadership of the United States but this time with a campaign led by the EU .
referring to turkey 's longstanding [use] for membership in the european union , birand said , `` a special fund needs to be established to get the turkish economy up and running , not under the leadership of the united states but this time with a campaign led by the eu .

The elegance of the Windows 98 operating system is that it runs practically every application from the DOS days and all those goofy Windows 3.1 programs .
the elegance of the windows 98 operating system is that it runs practically every [use] from the dos days and all those goofy windows 3.1 programs .

In Paris , Le Figaro reported that Europe was `` mobilizing '' to save Ocalan and commented on its front page that Turkey has every reason to show generosity toward the Kurds : `` It is in a position of strength on the ground , and it knows that a gesture of appeasement would convince the European Union to look more favorably on its application to join , which has been on the table since 1987 . ''
in paris , le figaro reported that europe was `` mobilizing '' to save ocalan and commented on its front page that turkey has every reason to show generosity toward the kurds : `` it is in a position of strength on the ground , and it knows that a gesture of appeasement would convince the european union to look more favorably on its [use] to join , which has been on the table since 1987 . ''

Fast never claims to have met Reagan or to have had firsthand knowledge of Reagan 's application to join the party .
fast never claims to have met reagan or to have had firsthand knowledge of reagan 's [use] to join the party .

Sophisticated skeptics point out that Harris ' application of Darwin 's theories to human professional success overlooks the interaction of genetics and human psychology .
sophisticated skeptics point out that harris ' [use] of darwin 's theories to human professional success overlooks the interaction of genetics and human psychology .

On the other hand , a fill-in-the-blanks tax application does n't require breakneck performance , so a Java version that can run on almost any computer might be desirable .
on the other hand , a fill-in-the-blanks tax [use] does n't require breakneck performance , so a java version that can run on almost any computer might be desirable .

In any case , Bell Atlantic now has an application to provide long-distance service before the FCC , and indications are that it has a good chance of being approved .
in any case , bell atlantic now has an [use] to provide long-distance service before the fcc , and indications are that it has a good chance of being approved .

In fact , I even feel like a wimp for having to try to curry sympathy for death-row prisoners by pointing out the procedural irregularities in their cases ; I oppose executing them even when they are monsters in human form , because , while I can easily understand why someone would want to kill the murderer of their near and dear , I ca n't at all understand why someone would want to give the state the power to kill them -- even if it 's not being abused in that exact case , it 's going to be , and probably sooner rather than later , as the much-publicized racial statistics of the death penalty 's application demonstrate .
in fact , i even feel like a wimp for having to try to curry sympathy for death-row prisoners by pointing out the procedural irregularities in their cases ; i oppose executing them even when they are monsters in human form , because , while i can easily understand why someone would want to kill the murderer of their near and dear , i ca n't at all understand why someone would want to give the state the power to kill them -- even if it 's not being abused in that exact case , it 's going to be , and probably sooner rather than later , as the much-publicized racial statistics of the death penalty 's [use] demonstrate .

The decision , by Sandra Day O'Connor , gives much comfort to Abrams and the Brooklyn Museum by flatly stating that `` the Amendment certainly has application in the subsidy context . ''
the decision , by sandra day o'connor , gives much comfort to abrams and the brooklyn museum by flatly stating that `` the amendment certainly has [use] in the subsidy context . ''

Mister Justice Chatterbox humbly dissents from the Supreme Court majority 's view that the Amendment has any `` application in the subsidy context . ''
mister justice chatterbox humbly dissents from the supreme court majority 's view that the amendment has any `` [use] in the subsidy context . ''

A similar point can be made about rent control and about the haphazard application of zoning ordinances to commercial establishments .
a similar point can be made about rent control and about the haphazard [use] of zoning ordinances to commercial establishments .

The application of the Quebec language law to business signs has often been controversial .
the [use] of the quebec language law to business signs has often been controversial .

On the supply side , for any application , software -- unlike industrial goods -- is subject to `` increasing returns . ''
on the supply side , for any [use] , software -- unlike industrial goods -- is subject to `` increasing returns . ''

This simply means that the costs of producing an application always go down as the number sold goes up .
this simply means that the costs of producing an [use] always go down as the number sold goes up .

It is one with urgent application to the current global economic crisis .
it is one with urgent [use] to the current global economic crisis .

Burke believed that the principles shared by party members should bind them together , even when they encounter particular differences about their application ( and despite some blurring of lines , party members do still ) .
burke believed that the principles shared by party members should bind them together , even when they encounter particular differences about their [use] ( and despite some blurring of lines , party members do still ) .

In an editorial Sunday , Le Monde of Paris said that Netanyahu 's readiness to sabotage the negotiations by demanding the release of Jonathan Pollard `` augurs badly for the application '' of the Wye agreement .
in an editorial sunday , le monde of paris said that netanyahu 's readiness to sabotage the negotiations by demanding the release of jonathan pollard `` augurs badly for the [use] '' of the wye agreement .

The paper said Rupert Murdoch 's 20 th Century Fox could face another controversy over its application to film The Beach , starring Leonardo DiCaprio , on Phi Phi Island .
the paper said rupert murdoch 's 20 th century fox could face another controversy over its [use] to film the beach , starring leonardo dicaprio , on phi phi island .

NYT sources suggest what these violations might be : She used the bank 's name in dealings unrelated to her job and she endorsed her husband 's application for several accounts without mentioning that they were married .
nyt sources suggest what these violations might be : she used the bank 's name in dealings unrelated to her job and she endorsed her husband 's [use] for several accounts without mentioning that they were married .

In the '90s version , all it takes is a catalog of marketable data , vigorous application of copyright law , the financial muscle of a multinational media conglomerate , a few good lawyers , and frequent talk-show appearances .
in the '90s version , all it takes is a catalog of marketable data , vigorous [use] of copyright law , the financial muscle of a multinational media conglomerate , a few good lawyers , and frequent talk-show appearances .

If so , then it is hardly a triumph for her preferred `` willed culture '' over the animal model ; rather , it is a subtler , richer application of the evolutionary psychologists ' fundamentally wise observation : that social institutions fail unless they treat humans as the instinct-driven creatures they are , and avoid pretending that they are the self-defining logical and aesthetic intellects that Culturebox would like them to be .
if so , then it is hardly a triumph for her preferred `` willed culture '' over the animal model ; rather , it is a subtler , richer [use] of the evolutionary psychologists ' fundamentally wise observation : that social institutions fail unless they treat humans as the instinct-driven creatures they are , and avoid pretending that they are the self-defining logical and aesthetic intellects that culturebox would like them to be .

Its online voter registration application could boost voter turnout and save grass-roots organizations and candidates money and effort .
its online voter registration [use] could boost voter turnout and save grass-roots organizations and candidates money and effort .

If you are a Florida resident , for example , you can go to a state Web site and complete the Florida voter registration application .
if you are a florida resident , for example , you can go to a state web site and complete the florida voter registration [use] .

After you complete the online application , Florida mails you a voter registration form with your information already filled in .
after you complete the online [use] , florida mails you a voter registration form with your information already filled in .

Instead of conducting its own voter registration campaign , a candidate or organization-let 's say , for convenience 's sake , Greenpeace-buys Newvoter.com 's application and puts it up on its own home page .
instead of conducting its own voter registration campaign , a candidate or organization-let 's say , for convenience 's sake , greenpeace-buys newvoter.com 's [use] and puts it up on its own home page .

The company 's application , which is currently available at the Rock the Vote site for what Strama calls a `` test run , '' follows the Florida model described above , except that Newvoter.com 's online application form can be used for 46 states and the District of Columbia .
the company 's [use] , which is currently available at the rock the vote site for what strama calls a `` test run , '' follows the florida model described above , except that newvoter.com 's online [use] form can be used for 46 states and the district of columbia .

His application was rejected-because his 488 SAT average `` would certainly be the lowest in the entire Yale class . ''
his [use] was rejected-because his 488 sat average `` would certainly be the lowest in the entire yale class . ''

The NYT fronts a news analysis predicting that the most likely Microsoft breakup scenario would be along product lines : One company would make Windows , another would make application software such as Microsoft Office , and the third would handle Internet applications .
the nyt fronts a news analysis predicting that the most likely microsoft breakup scenario would be along product lines : one company would make windows , another would make [use] software such as microsoft office , and the third would handle internet applications .

Although he discovered the position through tips from military friends , the Post reveals that Bradley 's application did not get special treatment from military personnel and that he specifically asked the Knicks not to lobby on his behalf .
although he discovered the position through tips from military friends , the post reveals that bradley 's [use] did not get special treatment from military personnel and that he specifically asked the knicks not to lobby on his behalf .

Often , we 've discovered , the best way to frame an interesting and useful dialogue is not to get a liberal vs. a conservative , but to get two people from roughly the same part of the spectrum who disagree on the application of their shared values to a particular issue .
often , we 've discovered , the best way to frame an interesting and useful dialogue is not to get a liberal vs. a conservative , but to get two people from roughly the same part of the spectrum who disagree on the [use] of their shared values to a particular issue .

You can be pretty sure the FAA is not going to approve this application casually .
you can be pretty sure the faa is not going to approve this [use] casually .

For the record , I 'm basically against the death penalty on the grounds that its application is discriminatory , mistaken executions of innocent people are inevitable , keeping people on death row for years during the appeal process amounts to cruel and unusual punishment , yet limiting appeals is even worse , there 's no evidence that executions have any practical deterrent effect , and emotional catharsis is not a good enough reason for the state to kill people .
for the record , i 'm basically against the death penalty on the grounds that its [use] is discriminatory , mistaken executions of innocent people are inevitable , keeping people on death row for years during the appeal process amounts to cruel and unusual punishment , yet limiting appeals is even worse , there 's no evidence that executions have any practical deterrent effect , and emotional catharsis is not a good enough reason for the state to kill people .

The Italian newspapers carried much comment on the visit of Italian Foreign Minister Lamberto Dini to Tehran , generally praising him for his highly conciliatory posture , which included denying the existence of Iranian sponsorship of terrorism and refusing to criticize Iran 's application of Koranic law .
the italian newspapers carried much comment on the visit of italian foreign minister lamberto dini to tehran , generally praising him for his highly conciliatory posture , which included denying the existence of iranian sponsorship of terrorism and refusing to criticize iran 's [use] of koranic law .

Consider Jones ' pièce de résistance : On `` one particular evening , '' in response to `` his inner demons , '' and more specifically to the Rockefeller Foundation 's rejection of a grant application , Kinsey allegedly hanged himself by the hand and balls from an overhead pipe `` long enough for this self-appointed Messiah of the sexually despised to experience much pain and suffering , precisely as he had intended . ''
consider jones ' pièce de résistance : on `` one particular evening , '' in response to `` his inner demons , '' and more specifically to the rockefeller foundation 's rejection of a grant [use] , kinsey allegedly hanged himself by the hand and balls from an overhead pipe `` long enough for this self-appointed messiah of the sexually despised to experience much pain and suffering , precisely as he had intended . ''

The profession originated in the early years of this century with the application of the principles of scientific management to production lines .
the profession originated in the early years of this century with the [use] of the principles of scientific management to production lines .

China 's WTO bid : Beijing is keen to be included in the World Trade Organization and , subject to certain conditions , the U.S. State Department would like to facilitate its application .
china 's wto bid : beijing is keen to be included in the world trade organization and , subject to certain conditions , the u.s. state department would like to facilitate its [use] .

Bradley said it would cost `` between $ 50 billion and $ 65 billion a year '' and would be funded either `` from the surplus '' or `` through the enormous savings that we can get through the application of technology to the medical system , '' such as `` moving things from paper to Internet . ''
bradley said it would cost `` between $ 50 billion and $ 65 billion a year '' and would be funded either `` from the surplus '' or `` through the enormous savings that we can get through the [use] of technology to the medical system , '' such as `` moving things from paper to internet . ''

A piece chronicles the struggles of Firefly , a tiny Internet startup : Its `` agent '' software , an artificial-intelligence program that helps consumers choose and buy online , may be the Net 's next killer application , but only if Microsoft or another software giant does n't create a knockoff first .
a piece chronicles the struggles of firefly , a tiny internet startup : its `` agent '' software , an artificial-intelligence program that helps consumers choose and buy online , may be the net 's next killer [use] , but only if microsoft or another software giant does n't create a knockoff first .

The cover editorial -- headlined , of course , `` Hello , Dolly '' -- rejects alarmist The Boys From Brazil theories about cloning , declaring that `` careful application of biotechnology '' can be enormously beneficial : `` The fact that new technologies feel scary or strange should not be enough to rule them out . ''
the cover editorial -- headlined , of course , `` hello , dolly '' -- rejects alarmist the boys from brazil theories about cloning , declaring that `` careful [use] of biotechnology '' can be enormously beneficial : `` the fact that new technologies feel scary or strange should not be enough to rule them out . ''

USA Today and the Los Angeles Times lead with Janet Reno 's decision to ask that one be appointed to investigate if Interior Secretary Bruce Babbitt 's decision to reject a casino application opposed by major Democratic party contributors had any connection to subsequent donations they made .
usa today and the los angeles times lead with janet reno 's decision to ask that one be appointed to investigate if interior secretary bruce babbitt 's decision to reject a casino [use] opposed by major democratic party contributors had any connection to subsequent donations they made .

According to the NYT , the law of sexual harassment is basically a recent Supreme Court creation , and broadening its application has met with hostility in lower courts .
according to the nyt , the law of sexual harassment is basically a recent supreme court creation , and broadening its [use] has met with hostility in lower courts .

The big , liberating ideas of the '70s and '80s have been absorbed -- we are liberated up to here -- and now the problem is one of application , of really careful work that helps us decide which wild and crazy ideas actually make sense or fit the facts .
the big , liberating ideas of the '70s and '80s have been absorbed -- we are liberated up to here -- and now the problem is one of [use] , of really careful work that helps us decide which wild and crazy ideas actually make sense or fit the facts .

It is the letters and symbols that software engineers type into their computers when they create an application or operating system .
it is the letters and symbols that software engineers type into their computers when they create an [use] or operating system .

If Bush wrote any of this , it must have been as part of his application to Andover .
if bush wrote any of this , it must have been as part of his [use] to andover .

The question of his real feeling toward Jews is shadowed by Berthold Stauffenberg 's testimony at his treason trial in 1944 , to the effect that the brothers subscribed generally to the Nazi `` racial principle '' and abhorred only the violence of its application .
the question of his real feeling toward jews is shadowed by berthold stauffenberg 's testimony at his treason trial in 1944 , to the effect that the brothers subscribed generally to the nazi `` racial principle '' and abhorred only the violence of its [use] .

Soon Rodchenko had renounced any art divorced from practical application and was driving down every useful avenue , designing clothing ( the factory uniform by way of Buck Rogers ) , printed fabrics , newspaper kiosks , logotypes , magazine covers and book jackets , and printed advertisements of all sorts .
soon rodchenko had renounced any art divorced from practical [use] and was driving down every useful avenue , designing clothing ( the factory uniform by way of buck rogers ) , printed fabrics , newspaper kiosks , logotypes , magazine covers and book jackets , and printed advertisements of all sorts .

He was a member of the Nabis ( Hebrew for `` Prophets '' ) , a loose-knit brotherhood of painters who worshiped Gauguin and , as Bonnard later recalled , `` envisaged a popular art that was of everyday application . ''
he was a member of the nabis ( hebrew for `` prophets '' ) , a loose-knit brotherhood of painters who worshiped gauguin and , as bonnard later recalled , `` envisaged a popular art that was of everyday [use] . ''

We dutifully note ( as the wall panel instructs us to ) `` the somber colors and thick application of paint '' and van Gogh 's remark that `` these people ... have dug the earth with the self-same hands they are now putting into the dish . ''
we dutifully note ( as the wall panel instructs us to ) `` the somber colors and thick [use] of paint '' and van gogh 's remark that `` these people ... have dug the earth with the self-same hands they are now putting into the dish . ''

One consequence of this consequence of non-discrimination was that new applications could be brought to the Net , even if they displaced the dominant existing application .
one consequence of this consequence of non-discrimination was that new applications could be brought to the net , even if they displaced the dominant existing [use] .

I think his application [ of loyalty ] is sometimes misguided , but when it 's applied to me and his kids and his family and , on occasion , the truth , I appreciate it .
i think his [use] [ of loyalty ] is sometimes misguided , but when it 's applied to me and his kids and his family and , on occasion , the truth , i appreciate it .

While on the subject of ( as the current lingo has it ) disconnects , today 's Boston Globe has an interesting story about McCain pressing the FCC to take a speedy vote on an application by a contributor to his campaign to buy a Pittsburgh TV station .
while on the subject of ( as the current lingo has it ) disconnects , today 's boston globe has an interesting story about mccain pressing the fcc to take a speedy vote on an [use] by a contributor to his campaign to buy a pittsburgh tv station .

The chief economist of the World Bank 's East Asian desk authored a 1993 book downplaying the presence of industrial policy in the region , while a concluded that `` rapid growth in each economy was primarily due to the application of a set of common , market-friendly economic policies . ''
the chief economist of the world bank 's east asian desk authored a 1993 book downplaying the presence of industrial policy in the region , while a concluded that `` rapid growth in each economy was primarily due to the [use] of a set of common , market-friendly economic policies . ''

Proponents are wrongly using the data to justify mandatory application across the board .
proponents are wrongly using the data to justify mandatory [use] across the board .

When the initial public offering was first announced , Hong Kong investors acted as if tickets to a Beatles reunion had gone on sale , lining up before dawn outside bank branches to procure the application forms needed to buy shares .
when the initial public offering was first announced , hong kong investors acted as if tickets to a beatles reunion had gone on sale , lining up before dawn outside bank branches to procure the [use] forms needed to buy shares .

For their explicit application of Dawkins ' analysis to the National Review fallacy ( they do n't call it that , of course ) , see their chapter in the forthcoming textbook Evolutionary Social Psychology , edited by Douglas Kenrick and Jeffrey Simpson , and published by Lawrence Erlbaum Associates .
for their explicit [use] of dawkins ' analysis to the national review fallacy ( they do n't call it that , of course ) , see their chapter in the forthcoming textbook evolutionary social psychology , edited by douglas kenrick and jeffrey simpson , and published by lawrence erlbaum associates .

Special favors in legislation almost always are disguised as provisions of general application .
special favors in legislation almost always are disguised as provisions of general [use] .

The rated power of a country no longer rests on its steel capacity but on the quality of its science and application , through research and development , to new technology .
the rated power of a country no longer rests on its steel capacity but on the quality of its science and [use] , through research and development , to new technology .

Aristotle has recently developed an Internet application .
aristotle has recently developed an internet [use] .

There 's a widespread and largely sensible aversion to the mechanistic application of existing campaign-finance regulations to the rapidly evolving medium of the Internet .
there 's a widespread and largely sensible aversion to the mechanistic [use] of existing campaign-finance regulations to the rapidly evolving medium of the internet .

Lacking Gen. Norman Schwarzkopf 's `` uncompromisingly soldierly manner , '' Clark appears `` to have fallen under the spell of the State Department , which believes that a combination of diplomatic formulae and the indirect application of military force can achieve desired foreign policy results , '' Keegan wrote .
lacking gen. norman schwarzkopf 's `` uncompromisingly soldierly manner , '' clark appears `` to have fallen under the spell of the state department , which believes that a combination of diplomatic formulae and the indirect [use] of military force can achieve desired foreign policy results , '' keegan wrote .

The front pages of most British papers Friday carried the news that Mohammed Fayed , the controversial Egyptian owner of the Harrods department store in London and the father of Princess Diana 's lover Dodi Fayed , who died with her in the Paris car crash , has had a second application for British citizenship turned down .
the front pages of most british papers friday carried the news that mohammed fayed , the controversial egyptian owner of the harrods department store in london and the father of princess diana 's lover dodi fayed , who died with her in the paris car crash , has had a second [use] for british citizenship turned down .

A big practical disadvantage of Linux is that there is n't much application software for it .
a big practical disadvantage of linux is that there is n't much [use] software for it .

If you crave a huge variety of software application -- games , personal information managers , graphics programs , financial software , reference works -- you 'd be better off buying a Mac or a Windows PC .
if you crave a huge variety of software [use] -- games , personal information managers , graphics programs , financial software , reference works -- you 'd be better off buying a mac or a windows pc .

Alladvantage.com promises to pay you up to $ 20 per month for downloading an application that displays ads in the corner of your screen .
alladvantage.com promises to pay you up to $ 20 per month for downloading an [use] that displays ads in the corner of your screen .

At the moment , Washington and Beijing are pummeling each other over : the Chinese Embassy bombing , the Chinese espionage detailed in the Cox report , American technology export policies , the renewal of China 's normal trade ( formerly most favored nation ) status , China 's application to join the World Trade Organization , American support for Taiwanese democracy , American sympathy for the Dalai Lama , the burgeoning military alliance between the United States and Japan , China 's friendship with North Korea , China 's wavering endorsement of nuclear nonproliferation , China 's persecution of democrats , China 's persecution of Christians , and China 's surging anti-Americanism .
at the moment , washington and beijing are pummeling each other over : the chinese embassy bombing , the chinese espionage detailed in the cox report , american technology export policies , the renewal of china 's normal trade ( formerly most favored nation ) status , china 's [use] to join the world trade organization , american support for taiwanese democracy , american sympathy for the dalai lama , the burgeoning military alliance between the united states and japan , china 's friendship with north korea , china 's wavering endorsement of nuclear nonproliferation , china 's persecution of democrats , china 's persecution of christians , and china 's surging anti-americanism .

Shuman also makes the totally unsubstantiated ( and untrue ) claims that there is very little in the way of application software for Linux and that very few people use it : The latest estimates of the number of Linux users run into the millions -- how can that be `` so few '' ?
shuman also makes the totally unsubstantiated ( and untrue ) claims that there is very little in the way of [use] software for linux and that very few people use it : the latest estimates of the number of linux users run into the millions -- how can that be `` so few '' ?

The incentive to a commercial author is to get the application on the shelf so she can derive income from it ; if Version 1 happens to have bugs in it , the bug fixes become a selling point for Version 2 .
the incentive to a commercial author is to get the [use] on the shelf so she can derive income from it ; if version 1 happens to have bugs in it , the bug fixes become a selling point for version 2 .

No application for a waiver has ever been denied -- by any administration .
no [use] for a waiver has ever been denied -- by any administration .

Few distinctions remain between the application of hard and soft money .
few distinctions remain between the [use] of hard and soft money .

Although there are still some legal hoops to jump through , marriage would enable the same-sex partner of a U.S. citizen to avoid the very lengthy ( and frequently unsuccessful ) application process for citizenship .
although there are still some legal hoops to jump through , marriage would enable the same-sex partner of a u.s. citizen to avoid the very lengthy ( and frequently unsuccessful ) [use] process for citizenship .

No profile makes the obvious application of Frank Sulloway 's controversial birth-order theory .
no profile makes the obvious [use] of frank sulloway 's controversial birth-order theory .

The application of the term to politics goes back only to last year , when a Democratic candidate for the Denver City Council last year described herself as a soccer mom -- and won .
the [use] of the term to politics goes back only to last year , when a democratic candidate for the denver city council last year described herself as a soccer mom -- and won .

At another point , he suggests that Republicans consider the application of Wedges , Magnets , Shields , and Turf .
at another point , he suggests that republicans consider the [use] of wedges , magnets , shields , and turf .

The Gestalt term closure has an application in the world of , where it refers to the way the reader mentally imagines what has happened between panels .
the gestalt term closure has an [use] in the world of , where it refers to the way the reader mentally imagines what has happened between panels .

While Talmudic scholarship is sometimes aimed at practical affairs ( for instance , civil and criminal law , dietary laws , the status of women ) , it also considers issues that have no practical application at all , and sometimes delves into matters that may seem utterly fanciful .
while talmudic scholarship is sometimes aimed at practical affairs ( for instance , civil and criminal law , dietary laws , the status of women ) , it also considers issues that have no practical [use] at all , and sometimes delves into matters that may seem utterly fanciful .

Trojan horse has found further application in recent months in the realm of plastic surgery .
trojan horse has found further [use] in recent months in the realm of plastic surgery .

Fashion journalists covering the couture are careful to explain the precise tailoring and the deft application of the paillettes , since most of it is n't meant to register on the scanning gaze .
fashion journalists covering the couture are careful to explain the precise tailoring and the deft [use] of the paillettes , since most of it is n't meant to register on the scanning gaze .

He tells the story of a German women who falls in love with and marries an American while on a visitor 's visa and after getting some bad advice from the INS leaves the country while her application for a permanent visa is still pending .
he tells the story of a german women who falls in love with and marries an american while on a visitor 's visa and after getting some bad advice from the ins leaves the country while her [use] for a permanent visa is still pending .

What 's truly astounding is that I saw an application of hers for a job here at MS. She was applying for a development position with the Windows 99 team .
what 's truly astounding is that i saw an [use] of hers for a job here at ms. she was applying for a development position with the windows 99 team .

Today the most important challenge in selecting a word processor , relational database , or other desktop application is finding a product that can perform adequately without crashing when the user is running the latest version of Microsoft 's Windows operating system .
today the most important challenge in selecting a word processor , relational database , or other desktop [use] is finding a product that can perform adequately without crashing when the user is running the latest version of microsoft 's windows operating system .

In a current application , the authors support intervention in Sierra Leone , where well-armed U.S. troops could easily put down the scraggly rebels who have terrorized the capital city .
in a current [use] , the authors support intervention in sierra leone , where well-armed u.s. troops could easily put down the scraggly rebels who have terrorized the capital city .

The one problem with all this : despite the apparent oddity of the home run ball case , not one of these horrified public servants has shown why it is n't a perfectly straightforward application of the gift tax .
the one problem with all this : despite the apparent oddity of the home run ball case , not one of these horrified public servants has shown why it is n't a perfectly straightforward [use] of the gift tax .

The Wall Street Journal 's `` Work Week '' column reports that the notion of `` vicarious liability '' of a company for behavior by its employees that it does n't even know about is spreading well beyond the Supreme Court 's application last spring of that concept to sexual harassment .
the wall street journal 's `` work week '' column reports that the notion of `` vicarious liability '' of a company for behavior by its employees that it does n't even know about is spreading well beyond the supreme court 's [use] last spring of that concept to sexual harassment .

Run continued to be used in this sense ( as late as 1909 ) , but station came increasingly to mean an establishment rather than an area and , in this application , to equate with mission station or a reserve set aside by a government agency ( later native reserve , and later still Aboriginal reserve ) .
run continued to be used in this sense ( as late as 1909 ) , but station came increasingly to mean an establishment rather than an area and , in this [use] , to equate with mission station or a reserve set aside by a government agency ( later native reserve , and later still aboriginal reserve ) .

This new meaning of creative , with its implication of imaginative rule-bending for possibly disreputable purposes , appears to have been coined in the field of accountancy .. , but has since widened its area of application considerably . '
this new meaning of creative , with its implication of imaginative rule-bending for possibly disreputable purposes , appears to have been coined in the field of accountancy .. , but has since widened its area of [use] considerably . '

The reason for this application is clear enough to anyone who has suddenly come upon the pine-wooded hills of the island projecting from the water .
the reason for this [use] is clear enough to anyone who has suddenly come upon the pine-wooded hills of the island projecting from the water .

Application of this method to compounds results in calques like banque de données for ` data bank ' or atterrissage sur le ventre for ` belly landing . '
[use] of this method to compounds results in calques like banque de données for ` data bank ' or atterrissage sur le ventre for ` belly landing . '

For instance , I have a very low tolerance for spelling errors and grammatical solecisms in letters of application from those soliciting work : job applicants who are too careless to correct the capitalization of california and the spelling Britian get short shrift , though I am more tolerant of those using presently for now .
for instance , i have a very low tolerance for spelling errors and grammatical solecisms in letters of [use] from those soliciting work : job applicants who are too careless to correct the capitalization of california and the spelling britian get short shrift , though i am more tolerant of those using presently for now .

From the specific to a general application was but a logical and consequent step .
from the specific to a general [use] was but a logical and consequent step .

When we use the word Absolute with a capital “ a ” we know that it has a very specific application .
when we use the word absolute with a capital “ a ” we know that it has a very specific [use] .

More generally , feminists reveal and question implied norms in language and hence in our consciousness , ranging from the application form 's unmarried which suggests that marriage is the normal state ( as parents of twins imply double births expected , referring to non-twins as singletons ) to more complex issues , such as those associated with terms like masculine and feminine .
more generally , feminists reveal and question implied norms in language and hence in our consciousness , ranging from the [use] form 's unmarried which suggests that marriage is the normal state ( as parents of twins imply double births expected , referring to non-twins as singletons ) to more complex issues , such as those associated with terms like masculine and feminine .

One use of a flag is to mark whether information currently in use in a computer application has been changed since it was last saved .
one use of a flag is to mark whether information currently in use in a computer [use] has been changed since it was last saved .

The question arises whether the grammar is constructed from what is known ( or found ) and then verified through the application of suitable citations , whether the grammar is citation-driven , or a combination of the two is employed .
the question arises whether the grammar is constructed from what is known ( or found ) and then verified through the [use] of suitable citations , whether the grammar is citation-driven , or a combination of the two is employed .

I was unable to find any comment by the author justifying the use and application of the ( million-word British ) International Corpus of English ( ICE-GB ) .
i was unable to find any comment by the author justifying the use and [use] of the ( million-word british ) international corpus of english ( ice-gb ) .

In a subject where there are no fixed criteria of definition , it is unfair to criticize an attempt at classification : after all , we have been putting up with ambiguous definitions for the eight parts of speech for as long as anyone can remember , yet we find their occasional application convenient .
in a subject where there are no fixed criteria of definition , it is unfair to criticize an attempt at classification : after all , we have been putting up with ambiguous definitions for the eight parts of speech for as long as anyone can remember , yet we find their occasional [use] convenient .

Anyone who compares the multifarious dictionaries bearing the Webster name can not help observing the differences in quality , quantity , and treatment offered : the name has become meaningless , made inferior by its universal application to virtually any kind of dictionary .
anyone who compares the multifarious dictionaries bearing the webster name can not help observing the differences in quality , quantity , and treatment offered : the name has become meaningless , made inferior by its universal [use] to virtually any kind of dictionary .

Foreseeability , unmentioned by the author but indispensable in the application of proximate cause , narrows but does not close the gap .
foreseeability , unmentioned by the author but indispensable in the [use] of proximate cause , narrows but does not close the gap .

As an instance of the gross imprecision of precedent the author cites a Kentucky case in which , despite the heavy-drinking insured 's answer , “ Never , ’ to a question in a life insurance application as to the use of spirits , the court held the policy valid .
as an instance of the gross imprecision of precedent the author cites a kentucky case in which , despite the heavy-drinking insured 's answer , “ never , ’ to a question in a life insurance [use] as to the use of spirits , the court held the policy valid .

According to our nonprofit application , we can only accept ads for products , businesses , or services related to our mission , which absolutely rules out ads for personal watercraft , financial services , and smelly perfume inserts .
according to our nonprofit [use] , we can only accept ads for products , businesses , or services related to our mission , which absolutely rules out ads for personal watercraft , financial services , and smelly perfume inserts .

That is , the application of \ ? \ 4 the reversals must be consecu- \ ? \ 8 tive , without overlapping or nesting . ]
that is , the [use] of \ ? \ 4 the reversals must be consecu- \ ? \ 8 tive , without overlapping or nesting . ]

Kedgeree , a vegetable curry , popular with seamen , has , notwithstanding tarry appetites , not the remotest connection with matters nautical ; kickback is shown by the OED2e to be a 20th-century coinage , and there is not evidence to suggest it ever had anything to do with maritime affairs ; and kite , for which the OED2e includes a 7th-century quotation for the ( original ) bird sense , found a metaphoric application to sail not much before the middle of the 19th century .
kedgeree , a vegetable curry , popular with seamen , has , notwithstanding tarry appetites , not the remotest connection with matters nautical ; kickback is shown by the oed2e to be a 20th-century coinage , and there is not evidence to suggest it ever had anything to do with maritime affairs ; and kite , for which the oed2e includes a 7th-century quotation for the ( original ) bird sense , found a metaphoric [use] to sail not much before the middle of the 19th century .

I can not properly count the Oxford English Dictionary , 2nd Edition , because of its cost ( about $ 2500 ) and its size ( 16 volumes ) ; besides , it is not a work for everyday use but for scholarly application , being historical in nature .
i can not properly count the oxford english dictionary , 2nd edition , because of its cost ( about $ 2500 ) and its size ( 16 volumes ) ; besides , it is not a work for everyday use but for scholarly [use] , being historical in nature .

Notable is the term illustrative , used to describe the quotations accompanying the definitions : aside from their mixed success in serving to illustrate , quotations served a somewhat different purpose in the OED ( and , indeed , in their application in some other dictionaries ) : they were the source matrix from which the definitions were derived .
notable is the term illustrative , used to describe the quotations accompanying the definitions : aside from their mixed success in serving to illustrate , quotations served a somewhat different purpose in the oed ( and , indeed , in their [use] in some other dictionaries ) : they were the source matrix from which the definitions were derived .

Most of the time , two ( or more ) words that appear to be “ pure ” synonyms semantically tend to diverge in application or distribution ( e.g. , windpipe/trachea ) , in frequency ( e.g. , niveous/ snowy , lutaceous/muddy ) , or in connotation ( maternal/motherly ) .
most of the time , two ( or more ) words that appear to be “ pure ” synonyms semantically tend to diverge in [use] or distribution ( e.g. , windpipe/trachea ) , in frequency ( e.g. , niveous/ snowy , lutaceous/muddy ) , or in connotation ( maternal/motherly ) .

Computers are so seemingly lifelike that we worry when they catch viruses ; we seek to debug programs ; and we do not have to be right-to-lifers to worry if a computer application is suddenly aborted .
computers are so seemingly lifelike that we worry when they catch viruses ; we seek to debug programs ; and we do not have to be right-to-lifers to worry if a computer [use] is suddenly aborted .

It is not the source of billy , a Scottish dialect word for a milk pail , nor does it have anything to do with the Queensland Aboriginal word bung dead , which passed into Australian pidgin in the 1840s and which developed by the 1880s the application bankrupt , as in the bank 's gone bung .
it is not the source of billy , a scottish dialect word for a milk pail , nor does it have anything to do with the queensland aboriginal word bung dead , which passed into australian pidgin in the 1840s and which developed by the 1880s the [use] bankrupt , as in the bank 's gone bung .

Nevertheless , while Adams 's source remains obscure , his application of it does no longer .
nevertheless , while adams 's source remains obscure , his [use] of it does no longer .

Some of the English words have taken on a special application in ranching usage .
some of the english words have taken on a special [use] in ranching usage .

Gedunk is obviously a humorous application of the past participle of dunk -- Crullers “ gedunked ” in coffee -- and by the 1930s it was obviously well established in the Navy to refer to any concoction involving ice cream , and especially to establishments dispensing it .
gedunk is obviously a humorous [use] of the past participle of dunk -- crullers “ gedunked ” in coffee -- and by the 1930s it was obviously well established in the navy to refer to any concoction involving ice cream , and especially to establishments dispensing it .

Dr. Richards gives us a mini-treatise on the application of bye-laws in Scotland in the 14th century , which is not particularly useful if you are lost in a fog and , on knocking at the door of an isolated Welsh cottage , you are faced by an aged gentleman who has no English .
dr. richards gives us a mini-treatise on the [use] of bye-laws in scotland in the 14th century , which is not particularly useful if you are lost in a fog and , on knocking at the door of an isolated welsh cottage , you are faced by an aged gentleman who has no english .

