On Feb. 21 the council passed another resolution urging the taking of `` all appropriate measures to prevent the occurrence of civil war in the Congo , including the use of force , if necessary , in the last resort '' .
on feb. 21 the council passed another resolution urging the taking of `` all [reasonable] measures to prevent the occurrence of civil war in the congo , including the use of force , if necessary , in the last resort '' .

The taxpayers of East Greenwich appropriate sums of money , as do other Kent County communities , for the support of the Kent County Memorial Hospital , a regional facility .
the taxpayers of east greenwich [reasonable] sums of money , as do other kent county communities , for the support of the kent county memorial hospital , a regional facility .

It will determine the amount of money to be spent by the college and will certify this amount to the board of freeholders , which `` shall appropriate in the same manner as other appropriations are made by it the amount so certified and the amount shall be assessed , levied and collected in the same manner as moneys appropriated for other purposes '' .
it will determine the amount of money to be spent by the college and will certify this amount to the board of freeholders , which `` shall [reasonable] in the same manner as other appropriations are made by it the amount so certified and the amount shall be assessed , levied and collected in the same manner as moneys appropriated for other purposes '' .

Independence Day is the appropriate date as a symbolical reminder of the American article of faith that governments are instituted among men to secure to them certain inalienable rights , the first of which is life , and when any government becomes subversive of that end , it is the right of the people to alter or abolish it .
independence day is the [reasonable] date as a symbolical reminder of the american article of faith that governments are instituted among men to secure to them certain inalienable rights , the first of which is life , and when any government becomes subversive of that end , it is the right of the people to alter or abolish it .

His point is not that mythology may not be used , but that it may no longer be regarded as the only or even the most appropriate conceptuality for expressing the Christian kerygma .
his point is not that mythology may not be used , but that it may no longer be regarded as the only or even the most [reasonable] conceptuality for expressing the christian kerygma .

and ( 3 ) in so doing , frees itself to give appropriate emphasis to the event Jesus Christ by means of statements that , from Bultmann's point of view , are mythological .
and ( 3 ) in so doing , frees itself to give [reasonable] emphasis to the event jesus christ by means of statements that , from bultmann's point of view , are mythological .

If we stop thinking in terms of tremendous multimegaton nuclear weapons and consider employing much smaller nuclear weapons which may be more appropriate for most important military targets , it would seem that the B-52 or B-70 could carry a great many small nuclear weapons .
if we stop thinking in terms of tremendous multimegaton nuclear weapons and consider employing much smaller nuclear weapons which may be more [reasonable] for most important military targets , it would seem that the b-52 or b-70 could carry a great many small nuclear weapons .

By using the appropriate version any one of these factors can be determined for any combination of the other three .
by using the [reasonable] version any one of these factors can be determined for any combination of the other three .

And how very often a water plane is featured in his landscapes , and how appropriate that he should appear in American Artist again , in his natal month of March ! !
and how very often a water plane is featured in his landscapes , and how [reasonable] that he should appear in american artist again , in his natal month of march ! !

Independent art schools granting degrees must , naturally , follow this with academic accreditation by the appropriate regional group .
independent art schools granting degrees must , naturally , follow this with academic accreditation by the [reasonable] regional group .

For example , if you are a reasonably well-adjusted person , there are certain ways that are reasonable and appropriate for addressing your mother .
for example , if you are a reasonably well-adjusted person , there are certain ways that are reasonable and [reasonable] for addressing your mother .

By using instruments of gradually increasing size , the vagina is gently , and with minimum pain at each stage , taught to yield to an object of the appropriate shape .
by using instruments of gradually increasing size , the vagina is gently , and with minimum pain at each stage , taught to yield to an object of the [reasonable] shape .

Such identification comes for each group in each crisis by rewriting history into legend and developing appropriate national heroes .
such identification comes for each group in each crisis by rewriting history into legend and developing [reasonable] national heroes .

But we must never forget , most of the appropriate heroes and their legends were created overnight , to answer immediate needs , almost always with conscious aims and ends .
but we must never forget , most of the [reasonable] heroes and their legends were created overnight , to answer immediate needs , almost always with conscious aims and ends .

Regardless of rights and wrongs , a population and an area appropriate to a pre-World-War- 1 great power have been , following conquest , ruled against their will by a neighboring people , and have had imposed upon them social and economic controls they dislike .
regardless of rights and wrongs , a population and an area [reasonable] to a pre-world-war- 1 great power have been , following conquest , ruled against their will by a neighboring people , and have had imposed upon them social and economic controls they dislike .

Our understanding of the solar system has taught us to replace our former elaborate rituals with the appropriate action which , in this case , amounts to doing nothing .
our understanding of the solar system has taught us to replace our former elaborate rituals with the [reasonable] action which , in this case , amounts to doing nothing .

Even in domains where detailed and predictive understanding is still lacking , but where some explanations are possible , as with lightning and weather and earthquakes , the appropriate kind of human action has been more adequately indicated .
even in domains where detailed and predictive understanding is still lacking , but where some explanations are possible , as with lightning and weather and earthquakes , the [reasonable] kind of human action has been more adequately indicated .

There are many domains in which understanding has brought about widespread and quite appropriate reduction in ritual and fear .
there are many domains in which understanding has brought about widespread and quite [reasonable] reduction in ritual and fear .

Neither is primary experience understood according to the attitude of modern empiricism in which nothing is thought to be received other than signals of sensory qualities producing their responses in the appropriate sense organs .
neither is primary experience understood according to the attitude of modern empiricism in which nothing is thought to be received other than signals of sensory qualities producing their responses in the [reasonable] sense organs .

The most primitive feelings are rudimentary value feelings , both positive and negative : a desire to appropriate this or that part of the environment into oneself ; ;
the most primitive feelings are rudimentary value feelings , both positive and negative : a desire to [reasonable] this or that part of the environment into oneself ; ;

This is clear when one distinguishes the types of motion appropriate to both regions .
this is clear when one distinguishes the types of motion [reasonable] to both regions .

In spite of the disaster , Wright completed during this period plans for the Lake Tahoe resort , in which he suggested the shapes of American Indian tepees -- a project of great and appropriate charm , that came to nothing .
in spite of the disaster , wright completed during this period plans for the lake tahoe resort , in which he suggested the shapes of american indian tepees -- a project of great and [reasonable] charm , that came to nothing .

Within this frame of reference policies appropriate to claims advanced in the name of the Jews depend upon which Jewish identity is involved , as well as upon the nature of the claim , the characteristics of the claimant , the justifications proposed , and the predispositions of the community decision makers who are called upon to act .
within this frame of reference policies [reasonable] to claims advanced in the name of the jews depend upon which jewish identity is involved , as well as upon the nature of the claim , the characteristics of the claimant , the justifications proposed , and the predispositions of the community decision makers who are called upon to act .

When decision makers act within this frame they determine whether a claim put forward in the name of religion is to be accepted by the larger community as appropriate to religion .
when decision makers act within this frame they determine whether a claim put forward in the name of religion is to be accepted by the larger community as [reasonable] to religion .

The decision maker who acts for the community as a whole must decide whether the objectives pursued and the methods used are appropriate to public policy regarding cultural groups .
the decision maker who acts for the community as a whole must decide whether the objectives pursued and the methods used are [reasonable] to public policy regarding cultural groups .

It served also as a literary form exactly appropriate to the fragmented audience of modern urban culture .
it served also as a literary form exactly [reasonable] to the fragmented audience of modern urban culture .

Indeed it might be a more appropriate vehicle than NATO for the development of a parliamentary organ of the Atlantic nations , because it could encompass all of the members of the Atlantic community including those , like Sweden and Switzerland , who are unwilling to be associated with an essentially military alliance like Aj .
indeed it might be a more [reasonable] vehicle than nato for the development of a parliamentary organ of the atlantic nations , because it could encompass all of the members of the atlantic community including those , like sweden and switzerland , who are unwilling to be associated with an essentially military alliance like aj .

Information , application forms , and assistance in filing may be obtained from the Office of Minerals Exploration , U.S. Department of the Interior , Washington 25 , D.C. , or from the appropriate regional office listed below .
information , application forms , and assistance in filing may be obtained from the office of minerals exploration , u.s. department of the interior , washington 25 , d.c. , or from the [reasonable] regional office listed below .

and now , therefore , do I , John A. Notte , Jr. , governor of the State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations , proclaim Tuesday , October 24th , 1961 , as United Nations day , calling upon all our citizens to engage in appropriate observances , demonstrating faith in the United Nations and thereby contributing to a better understanding of the aims of the United Nations throughout the land .
and now , therefore , do i , john a. notte , jr. , governor of the state of rhode island and providence plantations , proclaim tuesday , october 24th , 1961 , as united nations day , calling upon all our citizens to engage in [reasonable] observances , demonstrating faith in the united nations and thereby contributing to a better understanding of the aims of the united nations throughout the land .

Once the full extent of this Russian military penetration of Cuba was clear , President Kennedy announced we would take whatever action was appropriate to prevent this , even if we had to go it alone .
once the full extent of this russian military penetration of cuba was clear , president kennedy announced we would take whatever action was [reasonable] to prevent this , even if we had to go it alone .

If the resulting difference for the particular State is less or more than these extremes , the State's allotment percentage must be raised or lowered to the appropriate extreme .
if the resulting difference for the particular state is less or more than these extremes , the state's allotment percentage must be raised or lowered to the [reasonable] extreme .

If the resulting difference for the particular State is less or more than these extremes , the State's Federal share must be raised or lowered to the appropriate extreme .
if the resulting difference for the particular state is less or more than these extremes , the state's federal share must be raised or lowered to the [reasonable] extreme .

On the basis of the findings which led to this conclusion , the Court remanded the case to the District Court to determine the appropriate relief .
on the basis of the findings which led to this conclusion , the court remanded the case to the district court to determine the [reasonable] relief .

The judgment must therefore be reversed and the cause remanded to the District Court for a determination , after further hearing , of the equitable relief necessary and appropriate in the public interest to eliminate the effects of the acquisition offensive to the statute .
the judgment must therefore be reversed and the cause remanded to the district court for a determination , after further hearing , of the equitable relief necessary and [reasonable] in the public interest to eliminate the effects of the acquisition offensive to the statute .

The Court adopted this procedure with an appropriate time schedule for carrying it out .
the court adopted this procedure with an [reasonable] time schedule for carrying it out .

After the recommendation of the Department is forwarded to the appeal board , that is the appropriate place for a registrant to lodge his denial .
after the recommendation of the department is forwarded to the appeal board , that is the [reasonable] place for a registrant to lodge his denial .

Such additional daytime class 2 , assignments are appropriate if optimum use is to be made of these frequencies , and the Commission has over the years made a large number of them .
such additional daytime class 2 , assignments are [reasonable] if optimum use is to be made of these frequencies , and the commission has over the years made a large number of them .

He may welcome their appropriate participation in the determination of high policy , but he has a right to expect , in return , that they will leave administrative matters to the administration .
he may welcome their [reasonable] participation in the determination of high policy , but he has a right to expect , in return , that they will leave administrative matters to the administration .

In the first instance , adequate appropriate reading materials and library accommodations must be planned .
in the first instance , adequate [reasonable] reading materials and library accommodations must be planned .

It is appropriate to call attention to certain thermodynamic properties of an ideal gas that are analogous to rubber-like deformation .
it is [reasonable] to call attention to certain thermodynamic properties of an ideal gas that are analogous to rubber-like deformation .

It was possible to make estimates of the quantum yield by observing the extent of reduction of a uranyl oxalate actinometer solution illuminated for a known time in a typical reaction cell and making appropriate conversions based on the differences in the absorption spectra of uranyl oxalate and of chlorine , and considering the spectral distribution of the light source .
it was possible to make estimates of the quantum yield by observing the extent of reduction of a uranyl oxalate actinometer solution illuminated for a known time in a typical reaction cell and making [reasonable] conversions based on the differences in the absorption spectra of uranyl oxalate and of chlorine , and considering the spectral distribution of the light source .

It must be remembered , however , that there are many agents for which there is no solid immunity and a partial or low-grade immunity may be broken by an appropriate dose of agent .
it must be remembered , however , that there are many agents for which there is no solid immunity and a partial or low-grade immunity may be broken by an [reasonable] dose of agent .

The major defensive problems are concerned with the possibility of overt military delivery of biological agents from appropriate disseminating devices .
the major defensive problems are concerned with the possibility of overt military delivery of biological agents from [reasonable] disseminating devices .

It is convenient to classify a child's onset ages and completion ages as `` advanced '' , `` moderate '' ( modal ) , or `` delayed '' according to whether the child's age equivalent `` dots '' appeared to the left of , upon , or to the right of the appropriate short transverse line .
it is convenient to classify a child's onset ages and completion ages as `` advanced '' , `` moderate '' ( modal ) , or `` delayed '' according to whether the child's age equivalent `` dots '' appeared to the left of , upon , or to the right of the [reasonable] short transverse line .

The length of the arrow indicates amount of slowing or acceleration at Completion over that at Onset , and the difference in months can be read roughly by referring the arrow to the age scale along the base of each figure , or more precisely by referring to the original data in the appropriate tables .
the length of the arrow indicates amount of slowing or acceleration at completion over that at onset , and the difference in months can be read roughly by referring the arrow to the age scale along the base of each figure , or more precisely by referring to the original data in the [reasonable] tables .

The following summary , based on Figures 5 and 6 , is an example of one way of interpreting the 42 figures constructed from onset ages and completion ages of individual children with respect to the appropriate mean age for each growth center .
the following summary , based on figures 5 and 6 , is an example of one way of interpreting the 42 figures constructed from onset ages and completion ages of individual children with respect to the [reasonable] mean age for each growth center .

Appropriate experiments showed that this is , indeed , possible .
[reasonable] experiments showed that this is , indeed , possible .

The United States can help by communicating a genuine concern with the problems these countries face and a readiness to provide technical and other appropriate forms of assistance where possible .
the united states can help by communicating a genuine concern with the problems these countries face and a readiness to provide technical and other [reasonable] forms of assistance where possible .

Then , too , the utmost clinical flexibility is necessary in judiciously combining carefully timed family-oriented home visits , single and group office interviews , and appropriate telephone follow-up calls , if the worker is to be genuinely accessible and if the predicted unhealthy outcome is to be actually averted in accordance with the principles of preventive intervention .
then , too , the utmost clinical flexibility is necessary in judiciously combining carefully timed family-oriented home visits , single and group office interviews , and [reasonable] telephone follow-up calls , if the worker is to be genuinely accessible and if the predicted unhealthy outcome is to be actually averted in accordance with the principles of preventive intervention .

Maintenance of the status quo might seem to be the appropriate goal or objective of this population today .
maintenance of the status quo might seem to be the [reasonable] goal or objective of this population today .

The populations of the various districts , or other major divisions , were stratified by type of community ( rural , urban , mixed ) and , where appropriate , by ethnic affiliation and by type of economy .
the populations of the various districts , or other major divisions , were stratified by type of community ( rural , urban , mixed ) and , where [reasonable] , by ethnic affiliation and by type of economy .

She ascribed her delight with both experiences to the effect they seemed to have of temporarily removing from her the controls which she felt so compulsively necessary to maintain even when it might seem appropriate to relax these controls .
she ascribed her delight with both experiences to the effect they seemed to have of temporarily removing from her the controls which she felt so compulsively necessary to maintain even when it might seem [reasonable] to relax these controls .

The appropriate action for handling these forms can be taken at that time .
the [reasonable] action for handling these forms can be taken at that time .

The final step merely uses the table of dictionary usage to select the dictionary information that pertains to each form matched in the text-form list , and uses the list of information cells recorded in text order to attach the appropriate information to each occurrence in text .
the final step merely uses the table of dictionary usage to select the dictionary information that pertains to each form matched in the text-form list , and uses the list of information cells recorded in text order to attach the [reasonable] information to each occurrence in text .

However , if Federal funds are used , it would be entirely appropriate to train workers for jobs which could be obtained elsewhere as well as for jobs in the area of chronic unemployment .
however , if federal funds are used , it would be entirely [reasonable] to train workers for jobs which could be obtained elsewhere as well as for jobs in the area of chronic unemployment .

The Court held that Congress had intended the federal judiciary to `` fashion '' an appropriate law of labor-management contracts .
the court held that congress had intended the federal judiciary to `` fashion '' an [reasonable] law of labor-management contracts .

In order to be able to properly relate the data for a single company each of the three cards comprising the set for each firm was identified with the appropriate serial number of the respondent .
in order to be able to properly relate the data for a single company each of the three cards comprising the set for each firm was identified with the [reasonable] serial number of the respondent .

The second step in processing was to compare the responses from companies on the AIA list with those from companies on the TR list in order to determine whether it would be appropriate to merge the responses for the purposes of the study .
the second step in processing was to compare the responses from companies on the aia list with those from companies on the tr list in order to determine whether it would be [reasonable] to merge the responses for the purposes of the study .

It was concluded that it would be appropriate to process the two groups of responses as a single sample of all small businesses engaged in , or wishing to sell to , defense programs .
it was concluded that it would be [reasonable] to process the two groups of responses as a single sample of all small businesses engaged in , or wishing to sell to , defense programs .

To derive Utopian communism from the Jerusalem Christian community of the apostolic age or from its medieval successors-in-spirit , the monastic communities , is with an appropriate shift of adjectives , misleading in the same way as to derive it from Plato's Republic : in the Republic we have to do with an elite of physical and intellectual athletes , in the apostolic and monastic communities with an elite of spiritual and religious athletes .
to derive utopian communism from the jerusalem christian community of the apostolic age or from its medieval successors-in-spirit , the monastic communities , is with an [reasonable] shift of adjectives , misleading in the same way as to derive it from plato's republic : in the republic we have to do with an elite of physical and intellectual athletes , in the apostolic and monastic communities with an elite of spiritual and religious athletes .

The details of the setting of `` Neutral Tones '' are not , strictly speaking , metaphorical , but they combine to create a mood which is appropriate both to a dismal winter day and to the end of love , and in this way love and weather , the emotions and the elements , symbolize each other in a way that is common to many of Hardy's best poems ( `` Weathers '' , `` The Darkling Thrush '' , and `` During Wind and Rain '' , for example ) and to some moving passages in the novels as well ( Far From The Madding Crowd is full of scenes constructed in this way ) .
the details of the setting of `` neutral tones '' are not , strictly speaking , metaphorical , but they combine to create a mood which is [reasonable] both to a dismal winter day and to the end of love , and in this way love and weather , the emotions and the elements , symbolize each other in a way that is common to many of hardy's best poems ( `` weathers '' , `` the darkling thrush '' , and `` during wind and rain '' , for example ) and to some moving passages in the novels as well ( far from the madding crowd is full of scenes constructed in this way ) .

When this is the case , the appropriate section of this manual will indicate that `` Continuation Cards '' may be used .
when this is the case , the [reasonable] section of this manual will indicate that `` continuation cards '' may be used .

Upon completion of the purging step , additional initiator appropriate for the molecular weight of the sample desired is added , and the system is then warmed to the polymerization temperature , at which the reaction is allowed to go to completion .
upon completion of the purging step , additional initiator [reasonable] for the molecular weight of the sample desired is added , and the system is then warmed to the polymerization temperature , at which the reaction is allowed to go to completion .

Manual leveling requires an appropriate display of the accelerometer outputs .
manual leveling requires an [reasonable] display of the accelerometer outputs .

The platform is turned as required by supplying currents to the appropriate gyro torquers .
the platform is turned as required by supplying currents to the [reasonable] gyro torquers .

The input axis of the appropriate gyros are parallel to the sensitive direction of the accelerometers .
the input axis of the [reasonable] gyros are parallel to the sensitive direction of the accelerometers .

She was wearing her dark hair in two , thick braids to attain an `` American Girl '' effect she thought was appropriate to Halloween .
she was wearing her dark hair in two , thick braids to attain an `` american girl '' effect she thought was [reasonable] to halloween .

I started to say something else appropriate , but the man had hung up .
i started to say something else [reasonable] , but the man had hung up .

In Woodstock , beside the Blenheim estate , locals think the stocks would be a more appropriate inheritance than the Marlborough title …
in woodstock , beside the blenheim estate , locals think the stocks would be a more [reasonable] inheritance than the marlborough title …

So it 's appropriate that he 's been chosen to make new gates for the North porch of Hereford cathedral , to replace wrought ironwork that was made and then removed centuries ago .
so it 's [reasonable] that he 's been chosen to make new gates for the north porch of hereford cathedral , to replace wrought ironwork that was made and then removed centuries ago .

They say they 've tried everything — including secure accommodation — but sending him to the Costa Blanca to stay with his grandparents seemed the most appropriate course of action .
they say they 've tried everything — including secure accommodation — but sending him to the costa blanca to stay with his grandparents seemed the most [reasonable] course of action .

Interview he sez it 's appropriate that the men were brought to the Radcliffe for their eye surgery although it 's straightforward treatment .
interview he sez it 's [reasonable] that the men were brought to the radcliffe for their eye surgery although it 's straightforward treatment .

Interview he says it 's appropriate that the men were brought to the Radcliffe for their eye surgery .
interview he says it 's [reasonable] that the men were brought to the radcliffe for their eye surgery .

It says the dose of steroids used was appropriate to achieve the anti-inflammatory effect required … it also says that the side effects were discussed .
it says the dose of steroids used was [reasonable] to achieve the anti-inflammatory effect required … it also says that the side effects were discussed .

An appropriate name for a drama group of few words but plenty of action .
an [reasonable] name for a drama group of few words but plenty of action .

He says the all male event is probably not an appropriate way to celebrate the club 's centenery .
he says the all male event is probably not an [reasonable] way to celebrate the club 's centenery .

So an open verdict was the only appropriate one he could give .
so an open verdict was the only [reasonable] one he could give .

Yes there were criticism but it 's not appropriate for me to comment at the moment .
yes there were criticism but it 's not [reasonable] for me to comment at the moment .

It 's an appropriate title , because the clinic deals with feet , and all their problems .
it 's an [reasonable] title , because the clinic deals with feet , and all their problems .

Many women will still require surgery ; for some the treatment of cancer with drugs is n't appropriate .
many women will still require surgery ; for some the treatment of cancer with drugs is n't [reasonable] .

The George Hotel has prepared an appropriate feast for the Town Crier .
the george hotel has prepared an [reasonable] feast for the town crier .

Before you know it , it 's time for lunch and there 's nowhere more appropriate to stop for that , than The Swan at Whitchurch .
before you know it , it 's time for lunch and there 's nowhere more [reasonable] to stop for that , than the swan at whitchurch .

Very appropriate remark , Michael , the charter is up for review at any event , very shortly , because it was on a six-month trial as it were .
very [reasonable] remark , michael , the charter is up for review at any event , very shortly , because it was on a six-month trial as it were .

This particular section 's taken some slices already , so we 'd better watch what we say to them . They 're doing it within their own time and resources , but it does seem to me to be a very appropriate area for Michael ?
this particular section 's taken some slices already , so we 'd better watch what we say to them . they 're doing it within their own time and resources , but it does seem to me to be a very [reasonable] area for michael ?

That either they have n't been able to think about it very carefully , not looking at the real options , or have n't got an electric point , so they ca n't have an electric shredder , or whatever the appropriate way of dealing with the more sort of shrubby erm waste that they 're likely to have .
that either they have n't been able to think about it very carefully , not looking at the real options , or have n't got an electric point , so they ca n't have an electric shredder , or whatever the [reasonable] way of dealing with the more sort of shrubby erm waste that they 're likely to have .

It is , therefore , highly appropriate that they have chosen ‘ As You Like It ’ for their tenth anniversary production .
it is , therefore , highly [reasonable] that they have chosen ‘ as you like it ’ for their tenth anniversary production .

The film will be shown accompanied by appropriate music from the period .
the film will be shown accompanied by [reasonable] music from the period .

And er sa , getting an appropriate way in , to something like that is , one of the main problems of that .
and er sa , getting an [reasonable] way in , to something like that is , one of the main problems of that .

But even if you went in as researcher who 's going to interview them , and a , and informal way which might be a more appropriate method , you 'd still have considerable difficulty in that there is , they 'll spin you a yarn and whatnot , you know what they wanted you think rather than what what they should .
but even if you went in as researcher who 's going to interview them , and a , and informal way which might be a more [reasonable] method , you 'd still have considerable difficulty in that there is , they 'll spin you a yarn and whatnot , you know what they wanted you think rather than what what they should .

Well this , th this , these are the points we were discussing er that appropriate appropriate
well this , th this , these are the points we were discussing er that [reasonable] [reasonable]

Cabbage , that 's appropriate .
cabbage , that 's [reasonable] .

Well when she 's level Clare means she 's well ahead of herself and now she 's got , you could give her books that were appropriate for a ten year old and she could read them
well when she 's level clare means she 's well ahead of herself and now she 's got , you could give her books that were [reasonable] for a ten year old and she could read them

Oh yes well that 's not very appropriate is it ?
oh yes well that 's not very [reasonable] is it ?

Well do n't you think that 's quite appropriate ?
well do n't you think that 's quite [reasonable] ?

Now is that better ? The ballet shoes are more appropriate do n't you ?
now is that better ? the ballet shoes are more [reasonable] do n't you ?

Draft guidelines for the Lothario of the lecture theatre say appropriate colleagues or bosses should be told and there should be separation from any professional responsibilities towards the student involved .
draft guidelines for the lothario of the lecture theatre say [reasonable] colleagues or bosses should be told and there should be separation from any professional responsibilities towards the student involved .

For the prince , the setting could hardly have been more appropriate .
for the prince , the setting could hardly have been more [reasonable] .

Sheriff Richard Scott told Alasdair Paton , 22 , a graphics student , of Seaview Terrace , Portobello , that conviction on such a charge would normally merit a prison sentence , but it was not appropriate in this case .
sheriff richard scott told alasdair paton , 22 , a graphics student , of seaview terrace , portobello , that conviction on such a charge would normally merit a prison sentence , but it was not [reasonable] in this case .

He would make an appropriate entry in the register .
he would make an [reasonable] entry in the register .

The commission 's recommendations to Mr Lang included that he require the two officials to pay a sum he considered appropriate to the council .
the commission 's recommendations to mr lang included that he require the two officials to pay a sum he considered [reasonable] to the council .

Hospital ethical committees have been suggested as an independent source of advice to doctors and families to the most appropriate decision , but Prof McLean said their conclusions would have no legal standing and could be challenged .
hospital ethical committees have been suggested as an independent source of advice to doctors and families to the most [reasonable] decision , but prof mclean said their conclusions would have no legal standing and could be challenged .

The boy who kicks his football close to windows can be reprimanded more easily if he was one of those to draw up the rule against doing so and if he agreed on the appropriate punishment beforehand .
the boy who kicks his football close to windows can be reprimanded more easily if he was one of those to draw up the rule against doing so and if he agreed on the [reasonable] punishment beforehand .

This is appropriate and necessary on major roads if traffic is to be permitted at all .
this is [reasonable] and necessary on major roads if traffic is to be permitted at all .

In addition to these plans , each of which would be appropriate for different zones , there should be an overall plan to limit the total amount of traffic in the city as a whole .
in addition to these plans , each of which would be [reasonable] for different zones , there should be an overall plan to limit the total amount of traffic in the city as a whole .

Intra-EC customs clearance work , hitherto carried out mainly by agents , is no longer appropriate but both governments and industry still require statistics to be kept , particularly in the early years of the single market .
intra-ec customs clearance work , hitherto carried out mainly by agents , is no longer [reasonable] but both governments and industry still require statistics to be kept , particularly in the early years of the single market .

He suggested there should be a form of common pleading by both parties as in civil law — with appropriate sanctions .
he suggested there should be a form of common pleading by both parties as in civil law — with [reasonable] sanctions .

Some of these new style funds are very suitable for ordinary savers while others are only appropriate for the sophisticated and professional investor .
some of these new style funds are very suitable for ordinary savers while others are only [reasonable] for the sophisticated and professional investor .

’ Inaccurate : his use of the word handful is speculative and is hardly an accurate or appropriate unit of measurement in references of this kind , as he can not possibly know how many solicitors are dedicated property specialists .
’ inaccurate : his use of the word handful is speculative and is hardly an accurate or [reasonable] unit of measurement in references of this kind , as he can not possibly know how many solicitors are dedicated property specialists .

For example , it has been proposed to deliver genes encoding prodrug-activating enzymes to tumours by injection of retroviral vector-producer cells 29,30 , and then to administer the appropriate prodrug to kill gene-transduced tumour cells and their untransduced neighbours .
for example , it has been proposed to deliver genes encoding prodrug-activating enzymes to tumours by injection of retroviral vector-producer cells 29,30 , and then to administer the [reasonable] prodrug to kill gene-transduced tumour cells and their untransduced neighbours .

Mr Wood said : ‘ Or experience indicates that the national feeling of doom and gloom in residential property ownership is clearly not appropriate in our region . ’
mr wood said : ‘ or experience indicates that the national feeling of doom and gloom in residential property ownership is clearly not [reasonable] in our region . ’

Mr Collin said there were no national guidelines on appropriate levels of reserves , but he thought Darlington 's was relatively high .
mr collin said there were no national guidelines on [reasonable] levels of reserves , but he thought darlington 's was relatively high .

He said he would support such a committee but did not feel it was appropriate that the department was represented on it .
he said he would support such a committee but did not feel it was [reasonable] that the department was represented on it .

Coun Williams said : ‘ It is particularly appropriate that the day after the first anniversary of the successful Railside Revival , we are unveiling a new Environmental Charter .
coun williams said : ‘ it is particularly [reasonable] that the day after the first anniversary of the successful railside revival , we are unveiling a new environmental charter .

He said : ‘ Older vehicles can be operated satisfactorily given appropriate maintenance , but eventually this becomes uneconomic . ’
he said : ‘ older vehicles can be operated satisfactorily given [reasonable] maintenance , but eventually this becomes uneconomic . ’

This is an expanding market of course and potential sponsors are constantly searching for an appropriate product on which they can lavish their money .
this is an expanding market of course and potential sponsors are constantly searching for an [reasonable] product on which they can lavish their money .

Personation was one word for it , although cheating seemed more appropriate .
personation was one word for it , although cheating seemed more [reasonable] .

Sheriff Donald Booker-Millburn , who deferred sentence until yesterday for background reports , said a prison term was the most appropriate sentence .
sheriff donald booker-millburn , who deferred sentence until yesterday for background reports , said a prison term was the most [reasonable] sentence .

As for Hunter Square , there is no way one can design that space before putting the Tron Kirk to an appropriate re-use .
as for hunter square , there is no way one can design that space before putting the tron kirk to an [reasonable] re-use .

Cllr Brooks was unavailable for comment but Elizabeth Leitch , Monklands housing convener , said it was regrettable that Cllr Murphy had seen fit to make allegations to the press instead of to the appropriate authorities .
cllr brooks was unavailable for comment but elizabeth leitch , monklands housing convener , said it was regrettable that cllr murphy had seen fit to make allegations to the press instead of to the [reasonable] authorities .

Lord Ross added : ‘ This appears to me to emphasise that there is both importance and difficulty in this action which would make it appropriate for the action to be heard in the Court of Session as the supreme court rather than in the sheriff court .
lord ross added : ‘ this appears to me to emphasise that there is both importance and difficulty in this action which would make it [reasonable] for the action to be heard in the court of session as the supreme court rather than in the sheriff court .

Perhaps it is appropriate to safeguard a reasonable percentage of each good cause 's allocation to allow such planning to proceed .
perhaps it is [reasonable] to safeguard a reasonable percentage of each good cause 's allocation to allow such planning to proceed .

It is an inevitable reality now after waiting for over nine months for the Commission for Racial Equality to investigate and take appropriate action .
it is an inevitable reality now after waiting for over nine months for the commission for racial equality to investigate and take [reasonable] action .

The code stresses the importance of testing ships ' systems , passage planning , compliance with routing schemes and voluntary reporting schemes , ‘ appropriate margins of safety ’ in case of breakdown and prompt reporting when difficulties could lead to pollution .
the code stresses the importance of testing ships ' systems , passage planning , compliance with routing schemes and voluntary reporting schemes , ‘ [reasonable] margins of safety ’ in case of breakdown and prompt reporting when difficulties could lead to pollution .

The council , which runs a fleet of 3,000 vehicles , heats more than 1,000 buildings and has one of the largest purchasing budgets in the country , has laid down objectives on reducing energy consumption and waste and using recycled materials wherever appropriate .
the council , which runs a fleet of 3,000 vehicles , heats more than 1,000 buildings and has one of the largest purchasing budgets in the country , has laid down objectives on reducing energy consumption and waste and using recycled materials wherever [reasonable] .

Very often , an act has a clause in it saying that it will take effect only when an order is issued by the appropriate Secretary of State .
very often , an act has a clause in it saying that it will take effect only when an order is issued by the [reasonable] secretary of state .

‘ What was once a desirable role for the public sector may no longer be appropriate today .
‘ what was once a desirable role for the public sector may no longer be [reasonable] today .

Some limit must be applied to the council tax levied on any household as a proportion of income , and a figure of say 5 per cent might well be appropriate .
some limit must be applied to the council tax levied on any household as a proportion of income , and a figure of say 5 per cent might well be [reasonable] .

The tie is sponsored by Carmen Furniture , appropriate to the musical chairs likely for the Scots ' second outing and key to qualification for the knock-out stages — against Canada — where the intention is that Tony Stanger and Carl Hogg will play .
the tie is sponsored by carmen furniture , [reasonable] to the musical chairs likely for the scots ' second outing and key to qualification for the knock-out stages — against canada — where the intention is that tony stanger and carl hogg will play .

The Catholic Tory voters took the appropriate electoral steps .
the catholic tory voters took the [reasonable] electoral steps .

In the early days of what was a massive police investigation , officers were confident the killer would be found and the £500 sum was considered appropriate .
in the early days of what was a massive police investigation , officers were confident the killer would be found and the £500 sum was considered [reasonable] .

The Arts Centre was doubly appropriate because the building was formerly a Quaker-run training college for teachers .
the arts centre was doubly [reasonable] because the building was formerly a quaker-run training college for teachers .

‘ We had the flag flying afterwards which was n't very appropriate since it 's Lent but we wanted to check everything was in order .
‘ we had the flag flying afterwards which was n't very [reasonable] since it 's lent but we wanted to check everything was in order .

The charter would make sure care is appropriate to the patient .
the charter would make sure care is [reasonable] to the patient .

For Lord Strathclyde , the then agriculture minister , his private secretary wrote : ‘ Lord Strathclyde does not consider that it would be appropriate for the Scottish Office to be directly involved in the commissioning or management of investigations of the type suggested in the consultant 's report . ’
for lord strathclyde , the then agriculture minister , his private secretary wrote : ‘ lord strathclyde does not consider that it would be [reasonable] for the scottish office to be directly involved in the commissioning or management of investigations of the type suggested in the consultant 's report . ’

As a result those , including new players , who imagine that they will slot into some preconceived rugby master plan , will find that McGeechan does not issue tablets of stone , but roughly hewn outlines on which will be chiselled whatever is appropriate to each new grouping .
as a result those , including new players , who imagine that they will slot into some preconceived rugby master plan , will find that mcgeechan does not issue tablets of stone , but roughly hewn outlines on which will be chiselled whatever is [reasonable] to each new grouping .

Then you are criticised for not winning in a style they regard as appropriate .
then you are criticised for not winning in a style they regard as [reasonable] .

That recipe may have been appropriate in the past when personal consumption was largely met from the output of labour-intensive British industries .
that recipe may have been [reasonable] in the past when personal consumption was largely met from the output of labour-intensive british industries .

Where probation is appropriate a prison sentence may mistakenly be imposed or vice versa .
where probation is [reasonable] a prison sentence may mistakenly be imposed or vice versa .

‘ However , it can also make you disorientated and you start to apply for less and less appropriate jobs as you get desperate .
‘ however , it can also make you disorientated and you start to apply for less and less [reasonable] jobs as you get desperate .

Ingleton School is a Church of England junior and infant school and Mr Boocock said he thought it was appropriate for the issue of the church 's role in education to be discussed in church .
ingleton school is a church of england junior and infant school and mr boocock said he thought it was [reasonable] for the issue of the church 's role in education to be discussed in church .

In fact , it seems reasonable to suggest that the answers to those five questions , suitably adapted , should be prominently displayed in every appropriate Trust property .
in fact , it seems reasonable to suggest that the answers to those five questions , suitably adapted , should be prominently displayed in every [reasonable] trust property .

Launching the document , to be distributed to schools and organisations in the borough , Coun. Williams said : ‘ It is particularly appropriate that the day after the first anniversary of the completion of the highly successful and acclaimed Railside Revival something that has served as a model to the whole of the North-East we are unveiling the new environmental charter for Darlington next to the main line railway in the Rockwell nature conservation area . ’
launching the document , to be distributed to schools and organisations in the borough , coun. williams said : ‘ it is particularly [reasonable] that the day after the first anniversary of the completion of the highly successful and acclaimed railside revival something that has served as a model to the whole of the north-east we are unveiling the new environmental charter for darlington next to the main line railway in the rockwell nature conservation area . ’

He likes to ask voters if they are ‘ on board ’ and is quick to offer personal help where it seems appropriate .
he likes to ask voters if they are ‘ on board ’ and is quick to offer personal help where it seems [reasonable] .

If Andrew Orkney does indeed lead over Anchor Bridge , jumps the last two obstacles cleanly and wins the great event it will be a story entirely appropriate to its ridiculously romantic pattern .
if andrew orkney does indeed lead over anchor bridge , jumps the last two obstacles cleanly and wins the great event it will be a story entirely [reasonable] to its ridiculously romantic pattern .

All these measures were carried out in the name of cost improvements cost-cutting would be a more appropriate name .
all these measures were carried out in the name of cost improvements cost-cutting would be a more [reasonable] name .

It allows specification of a range of treatment measures and the commission , in its monitoring of patients on leave of absence , tries to ensure in each case that an appropriate range of services is provided .
it allows specification of a range of treatment measures and the commission , in its monitoring of patients on leave of absence , tries to ensure in each case that an [reasonable] range of services is provided .

The commission supports the need for such a compulsory measure though its implementation could be improved , for example , by the requirement of the provision of a specially trained social worker in appropriate cases .
the commission supports the need for such a compulsory measure though its implementation could be improved , for example , by the requirement of the provision of a specially trained social worker in [reasonable] cases .

Restrained but insistent sensuality — entirely appropriate to the music — exuded from every line .
restrained but insistent sensuality — entirely [reasonable] to the music — exuded from every line .

The Fleadh seemed to fit the bill , combining as it does a great outdoor site with such an appropriate city and a cause dear to our hearts .
the fleadh seemed to fit the bill , combining as it does a great outdoor site with such an [reasonable] city and a cause dear to our hearts .

Val Biro complained about being asked for a mix of races , gender , age and disability in stories where this simply was n't appropriate .
val biro complained about being asked for a mix of races , gender , age and disability in stories where this simply was n't [reasonable] .

She says she is open to a book on any theme and would be looking for stories to reflect the multicultural nature of society , where this is appropriate .
she says she is open to a book on any theme and would be looking for stories to reflect the multicultural nature of society , where this is [reasonable] .

Each building should have a scale appropriate to its function and to the size of the town in which it is set .
each building should have a scale [reasonable] to its function and to the size of the town in which it is set .

McGrath recently expressed reservations over the current direction of the company and suggested that it would be appropriate to accompany the change of course with a change of name .
mcgrath recently expressed reservations over the current direction of the company and suggested that it would be [reasonable] to accompany the change of course with a change of name .

It was particularly appropriate , given that the sponsor was the Baptist Missionary Society , that the most moving moments were from Roberts as Peter , lyrically declaring ‘ Repent and be baptised every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ .
it was particularly [reasonable] , given that the sponsor was the baptist missionary society , that the most moving moments were from roberts as peter , lyrically declaring ‘ repent and be baptised every one of you in the name of jesus christ .

They began in relatively conventional mode with the thematically appropriate Rumanian Dances and Three Transylvanian Dances by Bartok , strung together in lively fashion .
they began in relatively conventional mode with the thematically [reasonable] rumanian dances and three transylvanian dances by bartok , strung together in lively fashion .

Liz Carruthers 's inventive direction makes full use of this exciting space , while also taking on board an eclectic mix of theatrical styles , notably miming and human sound effects of the Whose Line is it Anyway variety , entirely appropriate here to McKay 's comic style .
liz carruthers 's inventive direction makes full use of this exciting space , while also taking on board an eclectic mix of theatrical styles , notably miming and human sound effects of the whose line is it anyway variety , entirely [reasonable] here to mckay 's comic style .

For once , the encores were perfectly appropriate .
for once , the encores were perfectly [reasonable] .

The title means ‘ river ’ which is entirely appropriate .
the title means ‘ river ’ which is entirely [reasonable] .

The union leader told Sunday Life that Mr Bradley had passed his letter on to the appropriate department of the Northern Ireland Office which drafts electoral law here .
the union leader told sunday life that mr bradley had passed his letter on to the [reasonable] department of the northern ireland office which drafts electoral law here .

The first stage ( Bronze ) can be attained by any group of youngsters who are willing to work with enthusiasm , as assessment is on the basis of improvement on the standard of movement that the student starts from ; this means that due allowance is made , where appropriate , for individual physical handicaps .
the first stage ( bronze ) can be attained by any group of youngsters who are willing to work with enthusiasm , as assessment is on the basis of improvement on the standard of movement that the student starts from ; this means that due allowance is made , where [reasonable] , for individual physical handicaps .

French and German graduates are asked to use their skills in more appropriate ways than British graduates .
french and german graduates are asked to use their skills in more [reasonable] ways than british graduates .

The day before the Sale Arthur Crawford arrived with his plants for the Sale , suddenly as if by magic , turning a whole section of the pews into a beautiful living garden — perhaps the most appropriate way of all to support this particular cause ?
the day before the sale arthur crawford arrived with his plants for the sale , suddenly as if by magic , turning a whole section of the pews into a beautiful living garden — perhaps the most [reasonable] way of all to support this particular cause ?

SuperJANET will provide a very high speed backbone to which institutions will connect at appropriate speeds , from 10 Mbps to 155 Mbps .
superjanet will provide a very high speed backbone to which institutions will connect at [reasonable] speeds , from 10 mbps to 155 mbps .

Document Supply — As libraries move from collecting likely materials just in case to supplying the right document just in time , there will be an increasing need for fast electronic transfer of facsimiles of documents including text and illustrations , in colour if appropriate .
document supply — as libraries move from collecting likely materials just in case to supplying the right document just in time , there will be an increasing need for fast electronic transfer of facsimiles of documents including text and illustrations , in colour if [reasonable] .

Telepresence — Live interactive television links , supported by remote display of prerecorded material or by output from computers or laboratory equipment as appropriate , will allow academic and administrative meetings , lectures , seminars and demonstrations to take place with the participants at different geographical locations , saving time and travel costs and opening new opportunities for collaboration .
telepresence — live interactive television links , supported by remote display of prerecorded material or by output from computers or laboratory equipment as [reasonable] , will allow academic and administrative meetings , lectures , seminars and demonstrations to take place with the participants at different geographical locations , saving time and travel costs and opening new opportunities for collaboration .

These feature a large colour screen allowing users to select the information source they want simply by pointing or pressing the appropriate colour-coded key .
these feature a large colour screen allowing users to select the information source they want simply by pointing or pressing the [reasonable] colour-coded key .

His query was transferred to the appropriate department .
his query was transferred to the [reasonable] department .

Please encourage participants to wear Red , White , and Blue — a prize for the most appropriate outfit !
please encourage participants to wear red , white , and blue — a prize for the most [reasonable] outfit !

please delete as appropriate
please delete as [reasonable]

It therefore seemed appropriate that the Fund should be geared to helping interested young people become involved with Medau , e.g. to set up classes , youth teams , and to encourage teacher-training , etc .
it therefore seemed [reasonable] that the fund should be geared to helping interested young people become involved with medau , e.g. to set up classes , youth teams , and to encourage teacher-training , etc .

Mr Bensington , at first , wanted to call it ‘ The Food of the Gods ’ ( hence the name of the book ) but Redwood thought the name ‘ Herakleophorbia ’ meaning Hercules ' food was old fashioned and more appropriate .
mr bensington , at first , wanted to call it ‘ the food of the gods ’ ( hence the name of the book ) but redwood thought the name ‘ herakleophorbia ’ meaning hercules ' food was old fashioned and more [reasonable] .

It is appropriate that , through the medium of Medau News , we should thank Rita very warmly indeed for all the dedicated work she has done for the Society .
it is [reasonable] that , through the medium of medau news , we should thank rita very warmly indeed for all the dedicated work she has done for the society .

Loss of property should be notified to the appropriate Year Teacher , the Depute Headmaster or the Head of the Junior School .
loss of property should be notified to the [reasonable] year teacher , the depute headmaster or the head of the junior school .

As the School can not accept responsibility for loss , parents are advised to have the appropriate insurance .
as the school can not accept responsibility for loss , parents are advised to have the [reasonable] insurance .

Sedate without sedative would be an appropriate statement .
sedate without sedative would be an [reasonable] statement .

To phase out zoos and , where appropriate , support conservation centres .
to phase out zoos and , where [reasonable] , support conservation centres .

Thus it will generally not be useful to restate raw figures in the text particularly since comparisons are a vital component of the exercise and these are best expressed as percentages or appropriate rates .
thus it will generally not be useful to restate raw figures in the text particularly since comparisons are a vital component of the exercise and these are best expressed as percentages or [reasonable] rates .

Such auxiliary data might , for instance , confirm a suggested explanation or help to formulate a more appropriate rate for some event .
such auxiliary data might , for instance , confirm a suggested explanation or help to formulate a more [reasonable] rate for some event .

Hence an appropriate smoothed value to put in place of y 3 will be the average of these two , i.e .
hence an [reasonable] smoothed value to put in place of y 3 will be the average of these two , i.e .

The analysis phase covers conversion of the information collected into a form suitable for computer input , validation , calculation of appropriate statistics , interpretation of these and preparation of a report .
the analysis phase covers conversion of the information collected into a form suitable for computer input , validation , calculation of [reasonable] statistics , interpretation of these and preparation of a report .

The answers will then by analysed to find out what changes or improvements , if any , are thought appropriate .
the answers will then by analysed to find out what changes or improvements , if any , are thought [reasonable] .

Where a hierarchy of units exists , multistage sampling is appropriate and often has administrative advantages .
where a hierarchy of units exists , multistage sampling is [reasonable] and often has administrative advantages .

It is apparent that the appropriate price can be calculated or read off the graph for each day during the life of the Treasury bill .
it is apparent that the [reasonable] price can be calculated or read off the graph for each day during the life of the treasury bill .

Price £4,891.46 is therefore appropriate on day 0 to give the 8.9 per cent rate of return .
price £4,891.46 is therefore [reasonable] on day 0 to give the 8.9 per cent rate of return .

Equally , with the use of appropriate figures , it would show that CDs become more liquid , the nearer they get to maturity , i.e .
equally , with the use of [reasonable] figures , it would show that cds become more liquid , the nearer they get to maturity , i.e .

At times , if market sentiment is uncertain and if the authorities are relatively confident in their view of the appropriate policy stance , the Bank 's lead may be readily followed .
at times , if market sentiment is uncertain and if the authorities are relatively confident in their view of the [reasonable] policy stance , the bank 's lead may be readily followed .

This will affect their ability to pay a return to their shareholders and meet their running expenses , including being able to pay interest on the deposits , where appropriate , that they have taken .
this will affect their ability to pay a return to their shareholders and meet their running expenses , including being able to pay interest on the deposits , where [reasonable] , that they have taken .

Having decided which , if any , offers to accept , the Bank will publish , as at all times of assistance , the amount and types of bills purchased , with the appropriate maturity bands and spread of discount rates given .
having decided which , if any , offers to accept , the bank will publish , as at all times of assistance , the amount and types of bills purchased , with the [reasonable] maturity bands and spread of discount rates given .

The strategy of explaining certain industrial relations phenomena in terms of other features of an industrial relations ‘ system ’ may be both legitimate and appropriate ; it is partly a question of where one chooses to stop the analysis .
the strategy of explaining certain industrial relations phenomena in terms of other features of an industrial relations ‘ system ’ may be both legitimate and [reasonable] ; it is partly a question of where one chooses to stop the analysis .

It is appropriate therefore to see the state and its actors as facing strategic choices within constraints .
it is [reasonable] therefore to see the state and its actors as facing strategic choices within constraints .

Cassese ( 1981 : 149 ) and Feigenbaum ( 1985 : 75–6 , 95–6 ) argue that the officials of the French Cour des Comptes acted more as advocates and defenders of the enterprises than their controllers , while Hannah ( 1982 : 44 ) describes how civil servants in the sponsor ministry became ‘ valuable allies ’ of the electricity authority , translating ‘ known needs into appropriate Whitehall language , according to the changing fashions dictated by public opinion or cabinet preoccupations ’ .
cassese ( 1981 : 149 ) and feigenbaum ( 1985 : 75–6 , 95–6 ) argue that the officials of the french cour des comptes acted more as advocates and defenders of the enterprises than their controllers , while hannah ( 1982 : 44 ) describes how civil servants in the sponsor ministry became ‘ valuable allies ’ of the electricity authority , translating ‘ known needs into [reasonable] whitehall language , according to the changing fashions dictated by public opinion or cabinet preoccupations ’ .

The system was unwieldy , since grant applications had to be submitted for some three hundred individual services , and there were problems in the calculations of costs and hence of the appropriate subsidy ( Joy 1973 : 127–31 ; Parker 1978 : 7 ) .
the system was unwieldy , since grant applications had to be submitted for some three hundred individual services , and there were problems in the calculations of costs and hence of the [reasonable] subsidy ( joy 1973 : 127–31 ; parker 1978 : 7 ) .

The central problem for the government is to determine the value of the subsidy to the ‘ social ’ railway , that is the services that would not exist or would be extremely highly priced without state support , and to set appropriate targets for the ‘ commercial ’ railway .
the central problem for the government is to determine the value of the subsidy to the ‘ social ’ railway , that is the services that would not exist or would be extremely highly priced without state support , and to set [reasonable] targets for the ‘ commercial ’ railway .

New and more stringent financial constraints and other commercial pressures on management required appropriate organizational channels through which to take effect .
new and more stringent financial constraints and other commercial pressures on management required [reasonable] organizational channels through which to take effect .

These measures would involve society in exercising directive intelligence through some appropriate organ of action over many of the intricacies of private business , yet it would leave private initiative and enterprise unhindered ’ ( quoted Estrin and Holmes , 1983 , p. 8 ) .
these measures would involve society in exercising directive intelligence through some [reasonable] organ of action over many of the intricacies of private business , yet it would leave private initiative and enterprise unhindered ’ ( quoted estrin and holmes , 1983 , p. 8 ) .

That tells you the amount of income support which the deduc er for which the deduction is appropriate .
that tells you the amount of income support which the deduc er for which the deduction is [reasonable] .

Sir Michael , now 88 , adds that the performance is very appropriate and he wishes it great success .
sir michael , now 88 , adds that the performance is very [reasonable] and he wishes it great success .

When your act involves impaling , dismembering and other gory goings-on ( and choppings-off ) , then shocking is the appropriate word .
when your act involves impaling , dismembering and other gory goings-on ( and choppings-off ) , then shocking is the [reasonable] word .

British Steel 's job-shedding experience of ten years ago provides Ostrava 's industry with a particularly appropriate model .
british steel 's job-shedding experience of ten years ago provides ostrava 's industry with a particularly [reasonable] model .

He is having a small number printed for family and friends , the front cover bearing the appropriate motto which , translated , reads : To God not by Chance .
he is having a small number printed for family and friends , the front cover bearing the [reasonable] motto which , translated , reads : to god not by chance .

‘ But we have to look at developing facilities appropriate to the club and the town in the long-term . ’
‘ but we have to look at developing facilities [reasonable] to the club and the town in the long-term . ’

Mr Palios said : ‘ It 's more appropriate to talk of the company having badwill than goodwill . ’
mr palios said : ‘ it 's more [reasonable] to talk of the company having badwill than goodwill . ’

For The Northern Echo it began in the early 1960s when editor Harold Evans introduced a cuttings library which saw 200 stories a day being cut , pasted and stored under appropriate headings .
for the northern echo it began in the early 1960s when editor harold evans introduced a cuttings library which saw 200 stories a day being cut , pasted and stored under [reasonable] headings .

He says he would have thought that a programme which attracts such high viewing and media attention would have sought the appropriate legal advice .
he says he would have thought that a programme which attracts such high viewing and media attention would have sought the [reasonable] legal advice .

It seems an appropriate enough reaction on watching someone struggle so much just to line up a ball .
it seems an [reasonable] enough reaction on watching someone struggle so much just to line up a ball .

Since Collins has publicly vowed to emigrate to America if Labour wins the election , it could be seen as appropriate .
since collins has publicly vowed to emigrate to america if labour wins the election , it could be seen as [reasonable] .

Having got so far it seemed appropriate to have a word with Tom yesterday , if not a glass of champagne .
having got so far it seemed [reasonable] to have a word with tom yesterday , if not a glass of champagne .

Which makes it all the more appropriate that Mabel , now approaching 80 , has produced the classic , much-needed book on Whitby Jet .
which makes it all the more [reasonable] that mabel , now approaching 80 , has produced the classic , much-needed book on whitby jet .

‘ We felt it an appropriate gesture in the circumstances , ’ said meeting secretary Roy Swinbank .
‘ we felt it an [reasonable] gesture in the circumstances , ’ said meeting secretary roy swinbank .

We 've delivered the results , it 's appropriate that they should be charged more on that route .
we 've delivered the results , it 's [reasonable] that they should be charged more on that route .

The staff at Inside Job like to take the time to help each customer select the appropriate style , fabric , carpet , wallpaper , paint , upholstery and any other soft furnishings that are needed .
the staff at inside job like to take the time to help each customer select the [reasonable] style , fabric , carpet , wallpaper , paint , upholstery and any other soft furnishings that are needed .

But the magistrates said French had flouted the court order and his record — of sixty five convictions for animal cruelty — was so serious only a prison sentence was appropriate .
but the magistrates said french had flouted the court order and his record — of sixty five convictions for animal cruelty — was so serious only a prison sentence was [reasonable] .

It 'll be used to predict when doing nothing is appropriate and when it could be disasterous .
it 'll be used to predict when doing nothing is [reasonable] and when it could be disasterous .

It just seemed appropriate .
it just seemed [reasonable] .

For the sake of patients , medical research must use all appropriate methods , including a small proportion of animal experiments , in the struggle to conquer these diseases .
for the sake of patients , medical research must use all [reasonable] methods , including a small proportion of animal experiments , in the struggle to conquer these diseases .

‘ Schools and the education system in general now promote a more appropriate book for the child to read .
‘ schools and the education system in general now promote a more [reasonable] book for the child to read .

None more so than for four of the oldest surviving players to win Cup medals in the thirties — the Belfast Celtic quartet Sid McIlroy , Norman Kernaghan , Jimmy McAlinden and Harry Walker who gave this appropriate advice to young players — enjoy your football and not make money their God .
none more so than for four of the oldest surviving players to win cup medals in the thirties — the belfast celtic quartet sid mcilroy , norman kernaghan , jimmy mcalinden and harry walker who gave this [reasonable] advice to young players — enjoy your football and not make money their god .

The nearest appropriate bed is in Bournemouth .
the nearest [reasonable] bed is in bournemouth .

It was appropriate that one of Gloucestershire 's most famous writers should launch National Library Week in the county .
it was [reasonable] that one of gloucestershire 's most famous writers should launch national library week in the county .

It 's an appropriate choice for a stamp .
it 's an [reasonable] choice for a stamp .

Finding herself in severe financial straits she went along to the appropriate authority to ask for money to buy food for her children .
finding herself in severe financial straits she went along to the [reasonable] authority to ask for money to buy food for her children .

Tambrands , the makers of Tampax , have launched the talk line to coincide with the new school term which , they claim , is an appropriate time to raise the sticky subject of growing up .
tambrands , the makers of tampax , have launched the talk line to coincide with the new school term which , they claim , is an [reasonable] time to raise the sticky subject of growing up .

Success is also particularly appropriate this year , as the band is celebrating its golden anniversary .
success is also particularly [reasonable] this year , as the band is celebrating its golden anniversary .

Now that winter 's coming on , what would be more appropriate than a programme about low temperatures ?
now that winter 's coming on , what would be more [reasonable] than a programme about low temperatures ?

The government has long made it clear that sterling would enter the Exchange Rate Mechanism during stage one of economic and monetary union which began in July ; it has now done so at the earliest appropriate time .
the government has long made it clear that sterling would enter the exchange rate mechanism during stage one of economic and monetary union which began in july ; it has now done so at the earliest [reasonable] time .

Local consultation 's taken place with a view to establishing a series of centres throughout Yardley Street where members of the public can bring materials for recycling , and you have made appropriate for the materials to be collected and dealt with .
local consultation 's taken place with a view to establishing a series of centres throughout yardley street where members of the public can bring materials for recycling , and you have made [reasonable] for the materials to be collected and dealt with .

So you 're saying essentially that the only ultimate way of deciding that state a. is better than state b. is the people themselves vote that this is the has in some appropriate way , or not the case .
so you 're saying essentially that the only ultimate way of deciding that state a. is better than state b. is the people themselves vote that this is the has in some [reasonable] way , or not the case .

Well there could be a whole range of different therapies that would be appropriate , depending on on the individual needs of the persons involved , erm but certainly in in a therapeutic situation erm one is able to establish a relationship with another caring adult that can readdress those erm perhaps foundations in the personality that were not able to develop appropriately in their early childhood .
well there could be a whole range of different therapies that would be [reasonable] , depending on on the individual needs of the persons involved , erm but certainly in in a therapeutic situation erm one is able to establish a relationship with another caring adult that can readdress those erm perhaps foundations in the personality that were not able to develop appropriately in their early childhood .

It had decreed that many years ago , and if they had taken the appropriate rent rises in steps and phased them in , this sudden large rise , which is causing hardship , would not have happened .
it had decreed that many years ago , and if they had taken the [reasonable] rent rises in steps and phased them in , this sudden large rise , which is causing hardship , would not have happened .

You only use them when you have a special one off task and the City Council does use consultants where it is appropriate .
you only use them when you have a special one off task and the city council does use consultants where it is [reasonable] .

Uppity is when she no longer agrees with the man 's definition of her appropriate role within the family .
uppity is when she no longer agrees with the man 's definition of her [reasonable] role within the family .

It 's the last manifesto , which went out in eighty seven , included a promise to erm develop tertiary education wherever it was appropriate locally .
it 's the last manifesto , which went out in eighty seven , included a promise to erm develop tertiary education wherever it was [reasonable] locally .

Presumably the great advantage of word-processing , if , if you have the sort of decent printer that you mentioned , is that you could send what appear to be rather personal letters to a whole lot of people rather rapidly erm putting in , for example , at a very elementary level , their individual name , but also coupling together relevant paragraphs erm which would be appropriate to them .
presumably the great advantage of word-processing , if , if you have the sort of decent printer that you mentioned , is that you could send what appear to be rather personal letters to a whole lot of people rather rapidly erm putting in , for example , at a very elementary level , their individual name , but also coupling together relevant paragraphs erm which would be [reasonable] to them .

There was a red light up , and he was stopped by a policeman as he reached the opposite pavement and duly asked for the appropriate number of marks .
there was a red light up , and he was stopped by a policeman as he reached the opposite pavement and duly asked for the [reasonable] number of marks .

And that you , if you wanted to go through appropriate court procedures and disagree with the official then that was up to you .
and that you , if you wanted to go through [reasonable] court procedures and disagree with the official then that was up to you .

It 's an emotive issue and raises questions like whether it 's appropriate that a company such as Daimler-Benz which played a major role in the Third Reich , should be allowed as they want to , to build their headquarters near Hitler 's bunker .
it 's an emotive issue and raises questions like whether it 's [reasonable] that a company such as daimler-benz which played a major role in the third reich , should be allowed as they want to , to build their headquarters near hitler 's bunker .

It has lots of similar properties to a larger computer , in so much that it has a similar , what is referred to as a central processing unit , and in some instances similar peripheral devices , but if one can imagine that for certain applications where these have been collectively gathered together in erm the ultimate setting on a single integrated circuit , then one has a microcomputer , comprised of a microprocessor , some memory and some appropriate interfacing devices to the outside world .
it has lots of similar properties to a larger computer , in so much that it has a similar , what is referred to as a central processing unit , and in some instances similar peripheral devices , but if one can imagine that for certain applications where these have been collectively gathered together in erm the ultimate setting on a single integrated circuit , then one has a microcomputer , comprised of a microprocessor , some memory and some [reasonable] interfacing devices to the outside world .

It will perhaps be , in certain parts of the world , that the need to cut down pollution is the most important factor — witness Los Angeles , San Francisco — and there electric cars are non-polluting and therefore would be appropriate to use there .
it will perhaps be , in certain parts of the world , that the need to cut down pollution is the most important factor — witness los angeles , san francisco — and there electric cars are non-polluting and therefore would be [reasonable] to use there .

Do you think there are any areas of employment which are not appropriate for women ?
do you think there are any areas of employment which are not [reasonable] for women ?

The first Homebase opening of 1993 took place on St George 's day and the first customers received an appropriate welcome with gifts of English red roses and St George 's flags .
the first homebase opening of 1993 took place on st george 's day and the first customers received an [reasonable] welcome with gifts of english red roses and st george 's flags .

( a ) a straightforward delivery to the reader , in which case the requested item is sent direct from the appropriate stack area to the reader 's seat ,
( a ) a straightforward delivery to the reader , in which case the requested item is sent direct from the [reasonable] stack area to the reader 's seat ,

Each day look in your file folders and read all documents for the current day , taking the appropriate action .
each day look in your file folders and read all documents for the current day , taking the [reasonable] action .

Learners of English need to learn where is appropriate and where it is not .
learners of english need to learn where is [reasonable] and where it is not .

You may hear in the first syllable of ‘ photography ’ , in the second syllable of ‘ photograph ’ and in the third syllable of ‘ photographer ’ , but the brain recognises links between these a vowels and , and respectively , and supplies underlying vowels which change into the appropriate sound as the stress pattern changes .
you may hear in the first syllable of ‘ photography ’ , in the second syllable of ‘ photograph ’ and in the third syllable of ‘ photographer ’ , but the brain recognises links between these a vowels and , and respectively , and supplies underlying vowels which change into the [reasonable] sound as the stress pattern changes .

Fill in the blanks , taking care to use the appropriate form .
fill in the blanks , taking care to use the [reasonable] form .

In the following sentences and bits of dialogue , each underlined syllable must be given an appropriate tone mark .
in the following sentences and bits of dialogue , each underlined syllable must be given an [reasonable] tone mark .

Not surprisingly , it has often been said that foreign learners of English need to learn English intonation ; some have gone further than this and claimed that , unless the foreign learner learns the appropriate way to use intonation in a given situation , there is a risk that he or she may unintentionally give offence ; for example , the learner might use an intonation suitable for expressing boredom or discontent when what was needed was an expression of gratitude or affection .
not surprisingly , it has often been said that foreign learners of english need to learn english intonation ; some have gone further than this and claimed that , unless the foreign learner learns the [reasonable] way to use intonation in a given situation , there is a risk that he or she may unintentionally give offence ; for example , the learner might use an intonation suitable for expressing boredom or discontent when what was needed was an expression of gratitude or affection .

Some older pronunciation handbooks refer to this area as ‘ sentence stress ’ , which is not an appropriate name : the sentence is a unit of grammar , while the location of tonic stress is a matter which concerns the tone-unit , a unit of phonology .
some older pronunciation handbooks refer to this area as ‘ sentence stress ’ , which is not an [reasonable] name : the sentence is a unit of grammar , while the location of tonic stress is a matter which concerns the tone-unit , a unit of phonology .

In the case of ‘ attention focussing ’ , the most obvious use has already been described : this is the placing of tonic stress on the appropriate syllable of one particular word in the tone-unit . In many cases it is easy to demonstrate that the tonic stress is placed on the word that is in some sense the ‘ most important ’ , as in : She went to Scotland
in the case of ‘ attention focussing ’ , the most obvious use has already been described : this is the placing of tonic stress on the [reasonable] syllable of one particular word in the tone-unit . in many cases it is easy to demonstrate that the tonic stress is placed on the word that is in some sense the ‘ most important ’ , as in : she went to scotland

Sometimes it seems more appropriate to describe tonic stress placement in terms of ‘ information content ’ : the more predictable a word 's occurrence is in a given context , the lower its information content is , and tonic stress will tend to be placed on words with high information content . This is the explanation that would be used in the case of the sentences suggested in 19.1 :
sometimes it seems more [reasonable] to describe tonic stress placement in terms of ‘ information content ’ : the more predictable a word 's occurrence is in a given context , the lower its information content is , and tonic stress will tend to be placed on words with high information content . this is the explanation that would be used in the case of the sentences suggested in 19.1 :

Underline the appropriate tonic syllable places and mark tone-unit boundaries where you think they are appropriate .
underline the [reasonable] tonic syllable places and mark tone-unit boundaries where you think they are [reasonable] .

To give a brief example , recording the airflow from speakers ' mouths can show how successfully they are producing the aspiration appropriate for , and .
to give a brief example , recording the airflow from speakers ' mouths can show how successfully they are producing the aspiration [reasonable] for , and .

The project described below are , where appropriate , shown in country alphabetical order .
the project described below are , where [reasonable] , shown in country alphabetical order .

‘ The link is highly appropriate , ’ said a company spokesperson .
‘ the link is highly [reasonable] , ’ said a company spokesperson .

Industrial sites are so massive , having grown over many years without appropriate control , so that there are bound to be deficiencies and we aim to have them put right as soon as practicable .
industrial sites are so massive , having grown over many years without [reasonable] control , so that there are bound to be deficiencies and we aim to have them put right as soon as practicable .

Before proceeding , it is perhaps appropriate to examine what is meant by deregulation and to try to access the likely effect of the philosophy if it is fully extended to international air transport .
before proceeding , it is perhaps [reasonable] to examine what is meant by deregulation and to try to access the likely effect of the philosophy if it is fully extended to international air transport .

Was this the look of a pair uncomfortable in each other 's presence , or simply the appropriate stance for such a solemn occasion ?
was this the look of a pair uncomfortable in each other 's presence , or simply the [reasonable] stance for such a solemn occasion ?

It wants talks with developers and backs a use for the convent more appropriate to the rural and religious character of the area such as a hospice .
it wants talks with developers and backs a use for the convent more [reasonable] to the rural and religious character of the area such as a hospice .

This followed the National Audit Office report stating that it may be appropriate for the present procedures for examining farm accounts to be strengthened , ‘ particularly if widespread tax evasion is confirmed .
this followed the national audit office report stating that it may be [reasonable] for the present procedures for examining farm accounts to be strengthened , ‘ particularly if widespread tax evasion is confirmed .

Award Productions have previously struck similar medals on behalf of the veterans of the Normandy landings , Bomber Command and the Royal Naval Patrol Services , with 10% of the cost going to the appropriate service charity .
award productions have previously struck similar medals on behalf of the veterans of the normandy landings , bomber command and the royal naval patrol services , with 10% of the cost going to the [reasonable] service charity .

He says the facilities should also be made available at appropriate times and at competitive prices for conferences , seminars , meetings and dinners .
he says the facilities should also be made available at [reasonable] times and at competitive prices for conferences , seminars , meetings and dinners .

‘ It would be very appropriate for Courtaulds — the first company in the world to exploit viscose rayon — to repeat history at the end of the century and be the first to exploit this new technology . ’
‘ it would be very [reasonable] for courtaulds — the first company in the world to exploit viscose rayon — to repeat history at the end of the century and be the first to exploit this new technology . ’

And it would be very appropriate for Courtaulds — the first company in the world to exploit viscose rayon — to repeat history at the end of the century and be the first to exploit this new technology .
and it would be very [reasonable] for courtaulds — the first company in the world to exploit viscose rayon — to repeat history at the end of the century and be the first to exploit this new technology .

Problems arise in aggregation largely because of the difficulty of finding an appropriate unit of measurement .
problems arise in aggregation largely because of the difficulty of finding an [reasonable] unit of measurement .

To estimate real output , it is necessary to deflate the value of total output by an appropriate price index .
to estimate real output , it is necessary to deflate the value of total output by an [reasonable] price index .

To take account of this so-called ‘ stock appreciation ’ , it is necessary to subtract an appropriate amount in computing the national income .
to take account of this so-called ‘ stock appreciation ’ , it is necessary to subtract an [reasonable] amount in computing the national income .

National income and real output per capita To convert national income into real output per capita , it is necessary to make two adjustments : ( i ) national income must be deflated by an appropriate price index to convert it to real terms ; ( ii ) the figure must then be divided by the population to convert it to per capita terms .
national income and real output per capita to convert national income into real output per capita , it is necessary to make two adjustments : ( i ) national income must be deflated by an [reasonable] price index to convert it to real terms ; ( ii ) the figure must then be divided by the population to convert it to per capita terms .

Appropriate fiscal policies to combat this demand-pull inflation would be a cut in government spending , or an increase in taxation .
[reasonable] fiscal policies to combat this demand-pull inflation would be a cut in government spending , or an increase in taxation .

It is of some importance , therefore , to know what factors determine consumption so that appropriate policies to combat unemployment can be devised .
it is of some importance , therefore , to know what factors determine consumption so that [reasonable] policies to combat unemployment can be devised .

Provide appropriate environmental training for employees .
provide [reasonable] environmental training for employees .

If the original Application Form indicates that the parents are also interested in an Assisted Place the appropriate forms will be issued at this time .
if the original application form indicates that the parents are also interested in an assisted place the [reasonable] forms will be issued at this time .

As we feel it is most important that our pupils should benefit from the best teaching materials available , it is our policy to ensure that teachers have at their disposal a wide range of supplementary materials from which they can select what is appropriate for each set .
as we feel it is most important that our pupils should benefit from the best teaching materials available , it is our policy to ensure that teachers have at their disposal a wide range of supplementary materials from which they can select what is [reasonable] for each set .

Of the various bridges considered so far , only the Hay bridge mentioned in section 7.4 features balance conditions that exhibit an explicit dependence on frequency so that it can be used to measure the frequency of the source in terms of appropriate components .
of the various bridges considered so far , only the hay bridge mentioned in section 7.4 features balance conditions that exhibit an explicit dependence on frequency so that it can be used to measure the frequency of the source in terms of [reasonable] components .

The creation of highly selective band-pass or band-stop filters based on appropriate resonant branches has been alluded to in the previous section .
the creation of highly selective band-pass or band-stop filters based on [reasonable] resonant branches has been alluded to in the previous section .

Before concluding the present chapter , a brief discussion of phase-shift networks is appropriate .
before concluding the present chapter , a brief discussion of phase-shift networks is [reasonable] .

For the asymmetric T-section shown in figure 9.14 ( a ) , the two iterative impedances are given by and which readily rearrange into the quadratic equations and Thus Of the two solutions to each of the equations ( 9.68 ) , those having positive components of iterative resistance are appropriate and these normally correspond to taking the positive root in each case .
for the asymmetric t-section shown in figure 9.14 ( a ) , the two iterative impedances are given by and which readily rearrange into the quadratic equations and thus of the two solutions to each of the equations ( 9.68 ) , those having positive components of iterative resistance are [reasonable] and these normally correspond to taking the positive root in each case .

This approach is , however , clearly most appropriate under large-signal conditions .
this approach is , however , clearly most [reasonable] under large-signal conditions .

When the signals involved are of low-enough frequency for reactive and other frequency-dependent effects to be negligible , the Z-parameters are given by the slopes of appropriate static characteristics at the operating bias levels .
when the signals involved are of low-enough frequency for reactive and other frequency-dependent effects to be negligible , the z-parameters are given by the slopes of [reasonable] static characteristics at the operating bias levels .

The hybrid equivalent circuit is especially suited to representing the small-signal amplifying behaviour of a bipolar junction transistor since its parameters are easily determined for the most useful common-emitter configuration by appropriate small-signal measurements .
the hybrid equivalent circuit is especially suited to representing the small-signal amplifying behaviour of a bipolar junction transistor since its parameters are easily determined for the most useful common-emitter configuration by [reasonable] small-signal measurements .

The analysis of this section culminating in equations ( 10.28 ) — ( 10.39 ) establishes that the magnitude of the effect of feedback always depends on the appropriate loop gain .
the analysis of this section culminating in equations ( 10.28 ) — ( 10.39 ) establishes that the magnitude of the effect of feedback always depends on the [reasonable] loop gain .

Having obtained the appropriate transfer function , the next step is to appreciate that first-order response is provided by a filter incorporating just one reactive component .
having obtained the [reasonable] transfer function , the next step is to appreciate that first-order response is provided by a filter incorporating just one reactive component .

or An appropriate form of third-order low-pass filter is displayed in figure 12.2 ( b ) .
or an [reasonable] form of third-order low-pass filter is displayed in figure 12.2 ( b ) .

The poles of are therefore given by and the appropriate transfer function is consequently or Comparison of this response with that of equation ( 12.12 ) establishes that the network of figure 12.2 ( a ) achieves second-order Chebyshev response corresponding to provided that and .
the poles of are therefore given by and the [reasonable] transfer function is consequently or comparison of this response with that of equation ( 12.12 ) establishes that the network of figure 12.2 ( a ) achieves second-order chebyshev response corresponding to provided that and .

This relationship , if it is to be helpful , must be informed , on our part , by an appropriate purpose , knowledge , self-awareness and clear , consistent boundaries .
this relationship , if it is to be helpful , must be informed , on our part , by an [reasonable] purpose , knowledge , self-awareness and clear , consistent boundaries .

Ideas from groups like Voice for Young People in Care are appropriate .
ideas from groups like voice for young people in care are [reasonable] .

Constant vigilance to match appropriate services to needs , assessed along tight guidelines , is one way to avoid temptation .
constant vigilance to match [reasonable] services to needs , assessed along tight guidelines , is one way to avoid temptation .

Social workers ' contribution to the legal process is both appropriate and vital .
social workers ' contribution to the legal process is both [reasonable] and vital .

Similarly , social workers can help ensure that where provision is available for protecting someone 's rights in the justice system , ( for example , appropriate adult provision ) the need for it is recognised and met .
similarly , social workers can help ensure that where provision is available for protecting someone 's rights in the justice system , ( for example , [reasonable] adult provision ) the need for it is recognised and met .

Having obtained the names of potential customers , the salesperson , if appropriate , can ask his customer if he may use his name as a reference .
having obtained the names of potential customers , the salesperson , if [reasonable] , can ask his customer if he may use his name as a reference .

In some cases this may involve a fairly deep understanding of the nature of the customer 's business , in order to be able to appreciate his problems fully and to suggest the most appropriate solution .
in some cases this may involve a fairly deep understanding of the nature of the customer 's business , in order to be able to appreciate his problems fully and to suggest the most [reasonable] solution .

Thus the salesperson must not only know his products ' benefits but the types of situation in which each would be appropriate .
thus the salesperson must not only know his products ' benefits but the types of situation in which each would be [reasonable] .

In computer selling , for example , successful selling requires an appreciation of which system is most appropriate given customer needs and resources .
in computer selling , for example , successful selling requires an appreciation of which system is most [reasonable] given customer needs and resources .

The use of visual aids and demonstrations can be planned into the presentation at the most appropriate time to reinforce the benefit the salesperson is communicating .
the use of visual aids and demonstrations can be planned into the presentation at the most [reasonable] time to reinforce the benefit the salesperson is communicating .

In some situations , the appropriate response may be the ‘ concession close ’ ( see Chapter 5 ) .
in some situations , the [reasonable] response may be the ‘ concession close ’ ( see chapter 5 ) .

The preceding section has enabled the salesperson to choose the most appropriate product ( s ) from his range to meet customer requirements .
the preceding section has enabled the salesperson to choose the most [reasonable] product ( s ) from his range to meet customer requirements .

rehearse an appropriate verbal ‘ routine ’ , and have a back-up successful demonstration available on video ) .
rehearse an [reasonable] verbal ‘ routine ’ , and have a back-up successful demonstration available on video ) .

Consequently , it can be planned so that it is raised at the most appropriate time for it to be dealt with effectively .
consequently , it can be planned so that it is raised at the most [reasonable] time for it to be dealt with effectively .

The main problem that companies have to face is in choosing the most appropriate channel , and from the viewpoint of sales management this includes the type of sales outlet that must be serviced .
the main problem that companies have to face is in choosing the most [reasonable] channel , and from the viewpoint of sales management this includes the type of sales outlet that must be serviced .

It is , however , appropriate to explore some of the key steps in international selling and to examine some of the issues and problems which stem from these .
it is , however , [reasonable] to explore some of the key steps in international selling and to examine some of the issues and problems which stem from these .

It is appropriate to consider briefly some of the more important developments in world trade over the past fifteen years or so .
it is [reasonable] to consider briefly some of the more important developments in world trade over the past fifteen years or so .

Is our management and structure appropriate to exploit new opportunities or defend our position ?
is our management and structure [reasonable] to exploit new opportunities or defend our position ?

Products that become technically obsolete in the more developed economies may still be ‘ appropriate technology ’ in less advanced economies .
products that become technically obsolete in the more developed economies may still be ‘ [reasonable] technology ’ in less advanced economies .

In such a case ‘ appropriate ’ technology will have a greater chance of being accepted .
in such a case ‘ [reasonable] ’ technology will have a greater chance of being accepted .

In some cultures selling and trade in general have low social approval ; a company selling overseas may thus have difficulty in recruiting appropriate sales personnel and difficulty selling the products through the channel of distribution .
in some cultures selling and trade in general have low social approval ; a company selling overseas may thus have difficulty in recruiting [reasonable] sales personnel and difficulty selling the products through the channel of distribution .

The following are guidelines as to where direct selling is most appropriate .
the following are guidelines as to where direct selling is most [reasonable] .

The appropriate strategy is perhaps to wait to determine whether the Japanese businessman is prepared to offer his hand for a handshake or whether he is going to bow .
the [reasonable] strategy is perhaps to wait to determine whether the japanese businessman is prepared to offer his hand for a handshake or whether he is going to bow .

We 're pleased to help the Centre with this very appropriate addition to their activities .
we 're pleased to help the centre with this very [reasonable] addition to their activities .

In the case of specific requests please ring the appropriate number below between eight o'clock in the morning and six o'clock at night .
in the case of specific requests please ring the [reasonable] number below between eight o'clock in the morning and six o'clock at night .

yes , but none are appropriate
yes , but none are [reasonable]

when they are travelling , in the front a child , now one year , must use an approved child restrain design for age and weight , a child over one may wear any approved child restraint on adult seat belt , in the rear a child must be restrained and the appropriate restrain is fitted , the the term appropriate restrain includes the following ; infants under one year old , a carry or cot which is held by straps , children one , two or three years in appropriate child seat or harness or booster cushion with an adult belt , not a household cushion .
when they are travelling , in the front a child , now one year , must use an approved child restrain design for age and weight , a child over one may wear any approved child restraint on adult seat belt , in the rear a child must be restrained and the [reasonable] restrain is fitted , the the term [reasonable] restrain includes the following ; infants under one year old , a carry or cot which is held by straps , children one , two or three years in [reasonable] child seat or harness or booster cushion with an adult belt , not a household cushion .

Children from four to fourteen year old an appropriate child seat or harness .
children from four to fourteen year old an [reasonable] child seat or harness .

driving along , keep to the left except when road signals or markings indicate otherwise or when you intend to overtake , or turn right , or when you have to pass stationery vehicles or pedestrians in the road , allow others to overtake you if they want you , you must not drive on by the side of the road . Use your mirrors , on narrow or winding roads or where there is a lot of oncoming traffic , drivers of large or slow moving vehicles should be prepared to pull in and slow down to stop as soon as there is suitable opportunity , well , before you take off or turn left or turn right , or slow down or stop , use your mirrors , you should always look behind even if they 're none , a motor cycle should always look behind either , then give the appropriate signal if necessary , remember the routine
driving along , keep to the left except when road signals or markings indicate otherwise or when you intend to overtake , or turn right , or when you have to pass stationery vehicles or pedestrians in the road , allow others to overtake you if they want you , you must not drive on by the side of the road . use your mirrors , on narrow or winding roads or where there is a lot of oncoming traffic , drivers of large or slow moving vehicles should be prepared to pull in and slow down to stop as soon as there is suitable opportunity , well , before you take off or turn left or turn right , or slow down or stop , use your mirrors , you should always look behind even if they 're none , a motor cycle should always look behind either , then give the [reasonable] signal if necessary , remember the routine

written and verbal information , appropriate tests , no complications .
written and verbal information , [reasonable] tests , no complications .

Seems like an appropriate thing to do when one 's stuck at home .
seems like an [reasonable] thing to do when one 's stuck at home .

Accessed from the body end , the truss rod is the old ‘ slotted head ’ type , which needs nought but a humble screwdriver to adjust : good news for those of us who find the successful storage of appropriate Allen keys in accessible places an impossible task .
accessed from the body end , the truss rod is the old ‘ slotted head ’ type , which needs nought but a humble screwdriver to adjust : good news for those of us who find the successful storage of [reasonable] allen keys in accessible places an impossible task .

The appropriate movable 9th chord voicings are shown below .
the [reasonable] movable 9th chord voicings are shown below .

Accordingly , such protagonists as Gower did not have to undertake a ‘ voyage of discovery ’ to acquire the appropriate tool of their trade .
accordingly , such protagonists as gower did not have to undertake a ‘ voyage of discovery ’ to acquire the [reasonable] tool of their trade .

’ And this maxim seems especially appropriate for the seed trade , in spite of it insatiable appetite for novelty .
’ and this maxim seems especially [reasonable] for the seed trade , in spite of it insatiable appetite for novelty .

Crocosmia ‘ Lucifer ’ is appropriate in any garden , its scarlet flowers working well with the spikes of kniphofia , the red hot poker .
crocosmia ‘ lucifer ’ is [reasonable] in any garden , its scarlet flowers working well with the spikes of kniphofia , the red hot poker .

Whether gardening is a pastime or a passion , there are plenty of appropriate gifts available to tempt gardeners of all ages , says Anita Comerford
whether gardening is a pastime or a passion , there are plenty of [reasonable] gifts available to tempt gardeners of all ages , says anita comerford

Pick off all affected or deteriorating leaves , and if necessary , spray with an appropriate fungicide such as Benlate .
pick off all affected or deteriorating leaves , and if necessary , spray with an [reasonable] fungicide such as benlate .

Other species which may look appropriate include ,
other species which may look [reasonable] include ,

All the sounds are bright and punchy , the humbucker dishing out the appropriate amount of clean chunk or coil-tapped crunch when desired .
all the sounds are bright and punchy , the humbucker dishing out the [reasonable] amount of clean chunk or coil-tapped crunch when desired .

The trills found in bars 1–4 and bars 9–11 should be performed by picking the principal ( un-bracketed ) note and then by pulling-off and hammering-on in quick succession and in the appropriate rhythm to the bracketed note .
the trills found in bars 1–4 and bars 9–11 should be performed by picking the principal ( un-bracketed ) note and then by pulling-off and hammering-on in quick succession and in the [reasonable] rhythm to the bracketed note .

This problem can be circumvented by using a dodge from American audiophiles who bias the output stage into class-A by the simple expedient of connecting a resistor , of appropriate value , from the output to the negative supply rail .
this problem can be circumvented by using a dodge from american audiophiles who bias the output stage into class-a by the simple expedient of connecting a resistor , of [reasonable] value , from the output to the negative supply rail .

You should find that you can change the output states by pressing the appropriate set or reset switch .
you should find that you can change the output states by pressing the [reasonable] set or reset switch .

Remember , for Logic 0 the appropriate switch is left unpressed .
remember , for logic 0 the [reasonable] switch is left unpressed .

Using your rough pencil copy as a guide , commence the preparation of the artwork by placing down the mounting pads of the components , using either crepe tape circles or rub-down dry transfers of appropriate diameter .
using your rough pencil copy as a guide , commence the preparation of the artwork by placing down the mounting pads of the components , using either crepe tape circles or rub-down dry transfers of [reasonable] diameter .

This makes it rather impractical to implement a home produced system that can read bar codes from everyday products and provide the appropriate string of text .
this makes it rather impractical to implement a home produced system that can read bar codes from everyday products and provide the [reasonable] string of text .

The upper edge of the shoulder pocket overhung the lower edge , more appropriate for an upright stance .
the upper edge of the shoulder pocket overhung the lower edge , more [reasonable] for an upright stance .

Like insects , reptiles are essentially heliothermic , but also have other physiological responses appropriate to ectotherms .
like insects , reptiles are essentially heliothermic , but also have other physiological responses [reasonable] to ectotherms .

We will try and include the weights of amps , where appropriate .
we will try and include the weights of amps , where [reasonable] .

Providing you had memorised the five scale patterns and the associated chord shape for each one , it was merely a question of finding the chord shape in whatever key/position was required , and the appropriate scale fingering would follow .
providing you had memorised the five scale patterns and the associated chord shape for each one , it was merely a question of finding the chord shape in whatever key/position was required , and the [reasonable] scale fingering would follow .

The emir was not permitted to legislate , to appropriate land for public or commercial purposes , to exercise any control over aliens in his territory , or to appoint or depose his subordinate chiefs .
the emir was not permitted to legislate , to [reasonable] land for public or commercial purposes , to exercise any control over aliens in his territory , or to appoint or depose his subordinate chiefs .

Drifting into the Colonial Office because deafness prevented him from taking up a career in the regular army , he brought with him a romantic conception of empire stimulated in the first instance by Kitchener 's Omdurman campaign and encouraged with appropriate reading matter by his father .
drifting into the colonial office because deafness prevented him from taking up a career in the regular army , he brought with him a romantic conception of empire stimulated in the first instance by kitchener 's omdurman campaign and encouraged with [reasonable] reading matter by his father .

Furse concentrated on the public schools because he believed , like almost everyone else , that they provided an appropriate training in character for future rulers of native races .
furse concentrated on the public schools because he believed , like almost everyone else , that they provided an [reasonable] training in character for future rulers of native races .

However , he did not discount the possibility that larger agitations based on ‘ racial consciousness ’ might arise , and these he felt could only be forestalled by making appropriate changes in the structure of administration .
however , he did not discount the possibility that larger agitations based on ‘ racial consciousness ’ might arise , and these he felt could only be forestalled by making [reasonable] changes in the structure of administration .

It had become an ‘ invasion of privacy ’ ( creation in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries of ‘ bedrooms ’ was an important move in the development of sexual privacy , itself part of the development of a stable home unit appropriate to capitalism ) .
it had become an ‘ invasion of privacy ’ ( creation in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries of ‘ bedrooms ’ was an important move in the development of sexual privacy , itself part of the development of a stable home unit [reasonable] to capitalism ) .

Homosexual clergy also need appropriate pastoral support , even though in evidence to us they said that they often prefer to work in Urban Priority Areas because of the greater degree of acceptance and diversity of life-styles .
homosexual clergy also need [reasonable] pastoral support , even though in evidence to us they said that they often prefer to work in urban priority areas because of the greater degree of acceptance and diversity of life-styles .

Anyone who has a history of epilepsy ( even if that condition is being fully controlled by medication ) should never on any account be hypnotized , as the process of entering the appropriate altered state of mind can actually trigger off an epileptic fit .
anyone who has a history of epilepsy ( even if that condition is being fully controlled by medication ) should never on any account be hypnotized , as the process of entering the [reasonable] altered state of mind can actually trigger off an epileptic fit .

But certainly during these early stages the most you will usually be asked to do is to nod your head or say ‘ yes ’ at appropriate times .
but certainly during these early stages the most you will usually be asked to do is to nod your head or say ‘ yes ’ at [reasonable] times .

There will be another person with you constantly during the session — one in whom you have confidence and who will be able to guide you gently into the appropriate altered state of mind .
there will be another person with you constantly during the session — one in whom you have confidence and who will be able to guide you gently into the [reasonable] altered state of mind .

appropriate to say , Are you a sugar daddy ? )
[reasonable] to say , are you a sugar daddy ? )

Vibrators should not be issued indiscriminately but with appropriate supervision and training .
vibrators should not be issued indiscriminately but with [reasonable] supervision and training .

Artemia nauplii , microworm , and sifted pond foods are suitable first foods for the fry , allowing them to graduate onto larger foods as appropriate .
artemia nauplii , microworm , and sifted pond foods are suitable first foods for the fry , allowing them to graduate onto larger foods as [reasonable] .

Just tick the appropriate box below and attach the coupon to the front of your letter .
just tick the [reasonable] box below and attach the coupon to the front of your letter .

work appropriate repeat patterns five times along each side , then add other corners , checking if they work out correctly .
work [reasonable] repeat patterns five times along each side , then add other corners , checking if they work out correctly .

In this case , chose an appropriate combination of lines to finish with , so the design continues around the corner .
in this case , chose an [reasonable] combination of lines to finish with , so the design continues around the corner .

If different addresses are used , these must be substituted in the appropriate program lines .
if different addresses are used , these must be substituted in the [reasonable] program lines .

The basic method of keyboard control used in the original program was to have the train accelerate while the appropriate key was held down , and brake while another key was operated .
the basic method of keyboard control used in the original program was to have the train accelerate while the [reasonable] key was held down , and brake while another key was operated .

Artwork drafting film is too opaque — use appropriate clear/translucent film .
artwork drafting film is too opaque — use [reasonable] clear/translucent film .

It was not felt appropriate to raise this as a direct question to the authorities so an application was made to Namibia for an amateur radio licence for a Dxpedition to the Penguins . In reply the Namibian authorities stated they could not grant a licence as the islands were South African territory , thus indirectly providing the information required !
it was not felt [reasonable] to raise this as a direct question to the authorities so an application was made to namibia for an amateur radio licence for a dxpedition to the penguins . in reply the namibian authorities stated they could not grant a licence as the islands were south african territory , thus indirectly providing the information required !

Beautifully appropriate , the children 's window in the transept on the north side of the church , shows Christ holding a child in his arms , a lamb at his feet .
beautifully [reasonable] , the children 's window in the transept on the north side of the church , shows christ holding a child in his arms , a lamb at his feet .

Mechanisms to excrete an appropriate quantity of the water we drink , for instance ; otherwise , since we tend to drink so much more than we require , we would eventually burst .
mechanisms to excrete an [reasonable] quantity of the water we drink , for instance ; otherwise , since we tend to drink so much more than we require , we would eventually burst .

After that you can add the appropriate number of calories from alcohol .
after that you can add the [reasonable] number of calories from alcohol .

Any four-portion recipes are listed at the end of the appropriate section .
any four-portion recipes are listed at the end of the [reasonable] section .

My usual practice when visiting a patient with an acute febrile illness was to leave a prescription for the appropriate conventional drug ( usually an antibiotic ) , while at the same time administering the most appropriate homoeopathic remedy with the advice to the patient — or the parents , if the patient was a child — to continue to take the homoeopathic remedy but that if there was no improvement in two to four hours then to take the conventional drug .
my usual practice when visiting a patient with an acute febrile illness was to leave a prescription for the [reasonable] conventional drug ( usually an antibiotic ) , while at the same time administering the most [reasonable] homoeopathic remedy with the advice to the patient — or the parents , if the patient was a child — to continue to take the homoeopathic remedy but that if there was no improvement in two to four hours then to take the conventional drug .

The homoeopathic physician can on the other hand give the appropriate remedies for grief or fright , or whatever else it may have been , and experience the satisfaction of being told that the patient now feels better than she has done for years .
the homoeopathic physician can on the other hand give the [reasonable] remedies for grief or fright , or whatever else it may have been , and experience the satisfaction of being told that the patient now feels better than she has done for years .

In this connection it is appropriate to mention a model which was demonstrated at a genetics meeting in London some years ago .
in this connection it is [reasonable] to mention a model which was demonstrated at a genetics meeting in london some years ago .

If the disturbance was the result of a single adverse stimulus , such as a sudden fright , a bereavement or an infection , which is now no longer operating although its effects persist , then theoretically one dose of the appropriate remedy should be sufficient to re-pattern the system and set things to rights .
if the disturbance was the result of a single adverse stimulus , such as a sudden fright , a bereavement or an infection , which is now no longer operating although its effects persist , then theoretically one dose of the [reasonable] remedy should be sufficient to re-pattern the system and set things to rights .

The acute situation , however , can be visualized as being one in which repeated assaults are being inflicted , requiring repeated administration of the appropriate remedy to re-balance the system .
the acute situation , however , can be visualized as being one in which repeated assaults are being inflicted , requiring repeated administration of the [reasonable] remedy to re-balance the system .

He prepared vaccines from these bacteria and found that frequently a marked improvement occurred in the health of the patient after treatment by injection of the appropriate killed vaccine .
he prepared vaccines from these bacteria and found that frequently a marked improvement occurred in the health of the patient after treatment by injection of the [reasonable] killed vaccine .

Additionally , with the exception of silver nitrate , the remedies tested in these latter experiments were different from those tested by Jones and Jenkins , and it may be that a less appropriate selection was made .
additionally , with the exception of silver nitrate , the remedies tested in these latter experiments were different from those tested by jones and jenkins , and it may be that a less [reasonable] selection was made .

Gelsemium would thus seem to be an appropriate choice of remedy to use in neurological experiments .
gelsemium would thus seem to be an [reasonable] choice of remedy to use in neurological experiments .

The French workers found that the potencies of histaminum and Apis mellifica could prevent the degranulation of allergen-sensitized basophils when they were incubated with the appropriate allergen .
the french workers found that the potencies of histaminum and apis mellifica could prevent the degranulation of allergen-sensitized basophils when they were incubated with the [reasonable] allergen .

Too high a potency , with too much energy , has been given , rather like using a–sledge-hammer to crack a nut when a simple nut-cracker would have been more appropriate .
too high a potency , with too much energy , has been given , rather like using a–sledge-hammer to crack a nut when a simple nut-cracker would have been more [reasonable] .

Thus the criminal law defines only some types of avoidable killing as murder : it excludes , for example , deaths resulting from acts of negligence , such as employers ' failure to maintain safe working conditions in factories and mines ( Swartz 1975 ) ; or deaths resulting from an organization 's reluctance to maintain appropriate safety standards ( Erickson 1976 ) ; or deaths which result from governmental agencies ' giving environmental health risks a low priority ( Liazos 1972 ) ; or deaths resulting from drug manufacturers ' failure to conduct adequate research on new chemical compounds before embarking on aggressive marketing campaigns ( Silverman and Lee 1974 ) ; or deaths from a dangerous drug that was approved by health authorities on the strength of a bribe from a pharmaceutical company ( Braithwaite and Geis 1981 ) ; or deaths resulting from car manufacturers refusing to recall and repair thousands of known defective vehicles because they calculate that the costs of meeting civil damages will be less ( Swigert and Farrell 1981 ) ; and in most jurisdictions deaths resulting from drunken or reckless people driving cars with total indifference to the potential cost in terms of human lives are also excluded .
thus the criminal law defines only some types of avoidable killing as murder : it excludes , for example , deaths resulting from acts of negligence , such as employers ' failure to maintain safe working conditions in factories and mines ( swartz 1975 ) ; or deaths resulting from an organization 's reluctance to maintain [reasonable] safety standards ( erickson 1976 ) ; or deaths which result from governmental agencies ' giving environmental health risks a low priority ( liazos 1972 ) ; or deaths resulting from drug manufacturers ' failure to conduct adequate research on new chemical compounds before embarking on aggressive marketing campaigns ( silverman and lee 1974 ) ; or deaths from a dangerous drug that was approved by health authorities on the strength of a bribe from a pharmaceutical company ( braithwaite and geis 1981 ) ; or deaths resulting from car manufacturers refusing to recall and repair thousands of known defective vehicles because they calculate that the costs of meeting civil damages will be less ( swigert and farrell 1981 ) ; and in most jurisdictions deaths resulting from drunken or reckless people driving cars with total indifference to the potential cost in terms of human lives are also excluded .

Other types of avoidable killing are either defined as a less serious crime than murder , or as matters more appropriate for administrative or civil proceedings , or as events beyond the justifiable boundaries of state interference .
other types of avoidable killing are either defined as a less serious crime than murder , or as matters more [reasonable] for administrative or civil proceedings , or as events beyond the justifiable boundaries of state interference .

That terrain , so proudly occupied by the radical Right 's law and order campaigners , has to be won back , and Ian Taylor 's ( 1982 ) recent attempt , following earlier sorties of Platt ( 1978 ) represents the appropriate move from the Left .
that terrain , so proudly occupied by the radical right 's law and order campaigners , has to be won back , and ian taylor 's ( 1982 ) recent attempt , following earlier sorties of platt ( 1978 ) represents the [reasonable] move from the left .

The Mirror can not kow-tow before a disciplinary tribunal whose feudal justice was dispensed from the appropriate setting of a committee room tucked between a Real Tennis court and the Lord 's museum .
the mirror can not kow-tow before a disciplinary tribunal whose feudal justice was dispensed from the [reasonable] setting of a committee room tucked between a real tennis court and the lord 's museum .

Botham 's pals were in stitches , but Lander was warned : ‘ You 'll go in the sea or an appropriate river before we get to Margate . ’
botham 's pals were in stitches , but lander was warned : ‘ you 'll go in the sea or an [reasonable] river before we get to margate . ’

Diana dashed to the front door wearing the kind of understated clothes appropriate for meeting women who are practically penniless — an ordinary black blazer over a plain white top and a black and white striped skirt .
diana dashed to the front door wearing the kind of understated clothes [reasonable] for meeting women who are practically penniless — an ordinary black blazer over a plain white top and a black and white striped skirt .

Whatever their condition , they should always be given appropriate loving care .
whatever their condition , they should always be given [reasonable] loving care .

Nurse managers have a responsibility for the settings in which patients are cared for which is far greater than the same responsibility of nurses at large , simply because they are employed in positions which enable them to make appropriate representations .
nurse managers have a responsibility for the settings in which patients are cared for which is far greater than the same responsibility of nurses at large , simply because they are employed in positions which enable them to make [reasonable] representations .

Interpret the significance of clinical observations and records , making appropriate decisions , and planning nursing care accordingly .
interpret the significance of clinical observations and records , making [reasonable] decisions , and planning nursing care accordingly .

Inform and support relatives as appropriate .
inform and support relatives as [reasonable] .

Courses offered should be provided by employing authorities on a full or part-time basis , and could include appropriate distance learning material .
courses offered should be provided by employing authorities on a full or part-time basis , and could include [reasonable] distance learning material .

Appropriate terminology
[reasonable] terminology

The ability to initiate and carry out emergency procedures effectively and as appropriate .
the ability to initiate and carry out emergency procedures effectively and as [reasonable] .

The ability to design , execute and evaluate plans of patient/client care , based on appropriate models .
the ability to design , execute and evaluate plans of patient/client care , based on [reasonable] models .

The ability to use appropriate communication skills in relation to patients/clients , relatives , and other members of the care team .
the ability to use [reasonable] communication skills in relation to patients/clients , relatives , and other members of the care team .

An understanding of appropriate current legislation , guidelines , codes of practice and policies .
an understanding of [reasonable] current legislation , guidelines , codes of practice and policies .

Make clear to your prospective employer any plans you have for the future , and make sure that the post you accept is appropriate to these .
make clear to your prospective employer any plans you have for the future , and make sure that the post you accept is [reasonable] to these .

Have regard to the environment of care and its physical , psychological and social effects on patients/clients , and also to the adequacy of resources , and make known to appropriate persons or authorities any circumstances which could place patients/clients in jeopardy or which militate against safe standards of practice .
have regard to the environment of care and its physical , psychological and social effects on patients/clients , and also to the adequacy of resources , and make known to [reasonable] persons or authorities any circumstances which could place patients/clients in jeopardy or which militate against safe standards of practice .

Have regard to the workload and the pressures on professional colleagues and subordinates and take appropriate action if these are seen to be such as to constitute abuse of the individual practitioner and/or to jeopardise safe standards of practice .
have regard to the workload and the pressures on professional colleagues and subordinates and take [reasonable] action if these are seen to be such as to constitute abuse of the individual practitioner and/or to jeopardise safe standards of practice .

Newly qualified nurses are expected to receive an orientation and induction programme appropriate to their appointments , followed by a consolidation period for a minimum period of three months , when it is recommended that a few hours each week be set aside for learning periods either with other newly qualified staff or as self-directed learning .
newly qualified nurses are expected to receive an orientation and induction programme [reasonable] to their appointments , followed by a consolidation period for a minimum period of three months , when it is recommended that a few hours each week be set aside for learning periods either with other newly qualified staff or as self-directed learning .

Implement the planned programme of nursing care , and where appropriate , teach and coordinate other members of the caring team who may be responsible for implementing specific aspects of the nursing care .
implement the planned programme of nursing care , and where [reasonable] , teach and coordinate other members of the caring team who may be responsible for implementing specific aspects of the nursing care .

Review the effectiveness of the nursing care provided and where appropriate , initiate any action which may be required .
review the effectiveness of the nursing care provided and where [reasonable] , initiate any action which may be required .

Undertake the management of the care of a group of patients over a period of time and organise the appropriate support service .
undertake the management of the care of a group of patients over a period of time and organise the [reasonable] support service .

One of the most difficult tasks is to decide on appropriate segmentation points .
one of the most difficult tasks is to decide on [reasonable] segmentation points .

On making the transition from one prototype to another a di-gram weight corresponding to the appropriate letter pair was used in the optimisation metric , to influence the path chosen .
on making the transition from one prototype to another a di-gram weight corresponding to the [reasonable] letter pair was used in the optimisation metric , to influence the path chosen .

Given all these factors , the simple reduced memory method would be most appropriate to the situation , being the optimum for memory size and search times for the 60,144 word list .
given all these factors , the simple reduced memory method would be most [reasonable] to the situation , being the optimum for memory size and search times for the 60,144 word list .

For our system the trie structure ( section 3.2.3.3 ) was most appropriate given the need for grammatical , morphological and semantic information in further stages of the script recognition process ( see chapter 4 for further details ) , however the reduced-memory tree ( section 3.3.1 ) also gives fast search times and reasonable memory requirements , especially for experimental purposes with different word lists and test data on a limited memory computer .
for our system the trie structure ( section 3.2.3.3 ) was most [reasonable] given the need for grammatical , morphological and semantic information in further stages of the script recognition process ( see chapter 4 for further details ) , however the reduced-memory tree ( section 3.3.1 ) also gives fast search times and reasonable memory requirements , especially for experimental purposes with different word lists and test data on a limited memory computer .

However inversion would not appear to be particularly appropriate given the actual data involved in this case .
however inversion would not appear to be particularly [reasonable] given the actual data involved in this case .

Incoming values are stored by adding them to the appropriate linked list .
incoming values are stored by adding them to the [reasonable] linked list .

When searching a chained hash table , the appropriate chain must be traversed to locate the required element .
when searching a chained hash table , the [reasonable] chain must be traversed to locate the required element .

The automatic recognition of handwriting is necessary as a natural mode of communication with computers , and appears to be appropriate for a number of applications .
the automatic recognition of handwriting is necessary as a natural mode of communication with computers , and appears to be [reasonable] for a number of applications .

For our system the trie structure ( section 3.2.3.3 ) was most appropriate given the need for grammatical , morphological and semantic information in further stages of the script recognition process , however the reduced-memory tree ( section 3.3.1 ) also gives fast search times and reasonable memory requirements , especially for experimental purposes with different word lists and test data on a limited memory computer .
for our system the trie structure ( section 3.2.3.3 ) was most [reasonable] given the need for grammatical , morphological and semantic information in further stages of the script recognition process , however the reduced-memory tree ( section 3.3.1 ) also gives fast search times and reasonable memory requirements , especially for experimental purposes with different word lists and test data on a limited memory computer .

It may be appropriate to have a basic core vocabulary in use all the time , with additional lexicons available depending on the particular domain of application .
it may be [reasonable] to have a basic core vocabulary in use all the time , with additional lexicons available depending on the particular domain of application .

Police said last night that ‘ appropriate measures ’ have been taken .
police said last night that ‘ [reasonable] measures ’ have been taken .

It was somehow appropriate given the Minister 's precarious hold on his Cabinet seat .
it was somehow [reasonable] given the minister 's precarious hold on his cabinet seat .

Scotland 's trespass laws are grey and de facto freedom to roam operates in appropriate countryside , provided good manners are demonstrated .
scotland 's trespass laws are grey and de facto freedom to roam operates in [reasonable] countryside , provided good manners are demonstrated .

With the new season now on top of us , it might be appropriate to expand on the new laws and to try to give the intentions behind the changes in certain areas .
with the new season now on top of us , it might be [reasonable] to expand on the new laws and to try to give the intentions behind the changes in certain areas .

That is an appropriate metaphor for the club v country division that came next .
that is an [reasonable] metaphor for the club v country division that came next .

In the knowledge that member clubs make international tickets available to ‘ sponsors ’ for an appropriate fee , the union will now offer to buy back tickets from clubs at several times face value , and organise their own corporate hospitality .
in the knowledge that member clubs make international tickets available to ‘ sponsors ’ for an [reasonable] fee , the union will now offer to buy back tickets from clubs at several times face value , and organise their own corporate hospitality .

Also , before deciding to embark on a relocation exercise , it is important to ensure that the proposed timing is appropriate .
also , before deciding to embark on a relocation exercise , it is important to ensure that the proposed timing is [reasonable] .

For the process to proceed smoothly it is necessary to ensure that responsibility for overall policy decisions is assigned to an appropriate individual or group ( for instance the managing director or the board of directors ) .
for the process to proceed smoothly it is necessary to ensure that responsibility for overall policy decisions is assigned to an [reasonable] individual or group ( for instance the managing director or the board of directors ) .

The insurance cost of household goods in transit or in storage , as appropriate , is also included in most policies .
the insurance cost of household goods in transit or in storage , as [reasonable] , is also included in most policies .

Company relocation policies generally provide tax-free disturbance allowances and employees are therefore usually asked to keep appropriate receipts to give to the Inland Revenue or their employers .
company relocation policies generally provide tax-free disturbance allowances and employees are therefore usually asked to keep [reasonable] receipts to give to the inland revenue or their employers .

If payable it will be assessed on the difference between the purchase price of the new house if this is of an appropriate category and the estimated ( lower ) price they would have paid in their existing location for a broadly equivalent house .
if payable it will be assessed on the difference between the purchase price of the new house if this is of an [reasonable] category and the estimated ( lower ) price they would have paid in their existing location for a broadly equivalent house .

For the first year after transfer full excess fares less any increase in office allowance will be paid by the company , costs to be based on season ticket rates where appropriate .
for the first year after transfer full excess fares less any increase in office allowance will be paid by the company , costs to be based on season ticket rates where [reasonable] .

Financial inducements and , if appropriate , assistance with moving house or travelling , may increase the chances of success .
financial inducements and , if [reasonable] , assistance with moving house or travelling , may increase the chances of success .

They need to be told what freedom they have to use their initiative and perhaps be given information on the appropriate managerial style .
they need to be told what freedom they have to use their initiative and perhaps be given information on the [reasonable] managerial style .

Although it is not common practice , some firms place wives in employment within the company overseas , where this is appropriate , or take steps to provide them with details of employment opportunities abroad .
although it is not common practice , some firms place wives in employment within the company overseas , where this is [reasonable] , or take steps to provide them with details of employment opportunities abroad .

Allowances may be given , as appropriate , for children to visit their parents overseas .
allowances may be given , as [reasonable] , for children to visit their parents overseas .

Our thesis is that our traditional models and ways of thinking do not allow us to understand complex processes and — which is worse : often mislead us about appropriate responses .
our thesis is that our traditional models and ways of thinking do not allow us to understand complex processes and — which is worse : often mislead us about [reasonable] responses .

Ethical positivism is thus a theory of or approach to law , perhaps a way of viewing law , which explicates law as a human contrivance which is appropriate for attaining desirable social objectives in a morally acceptable manner .
ethical positivism is thus a theory of or approach to law , perhaps a way of viewing law , which explicates law as a human contrivance which is [reasonable] for attaining desirable social objectives in a morally acceptable manner .

For the interconnected problems outlined above call strongly into question the ability of the present institutional apparatus of the state to respond in an appropriate manner to the various challenges which currently confront it .
for the interconnected problems outlined above call strongly into question the ability of the present institutional apparatus of the state to respond in an [reasonable] manner to the various challenges which currently confront it .

But the reason why Dworkin 's rights thesis appears too narrow to generate a right of participation is because it too is firmly grounded in a gesellschaft model of law and society in which virtually the only interests which are considered capable of generating rights in the strong sense are those appropriate for abstract individuals pursuing their own private interests .
but the reason why dworkin 's rights thesis appears too narrow to generate a right of participation is because it too is firmly grounded in a gesellschaft model of law and society in which virtually the only interests which are considered capable of generating rights in the strong sense are those [reasonable] for abstract individuals pursuing their own private interests .

The principle of equal concern and respect would also entail an obligation for those in authority to provide those affected by a decision with reasons for it and appropriate institutional mechanisms for challenging it .
the principle of equal concern and respect would also entail an obligation for those in authority to provide those affected by a decision with reasons for it and [reasonable] institutional mechanisms for challenging it .

’ are appropriate .
’ are [reasonable] .

Theological answers are necessary and entirely appropriate to this doubt .
theological answers are necessary and entirely [reasonable] to this doubt .

It is merely that the choice is made to run it as a self-contained entity and the appropriate structure thus created for it .
it is merely that the choice is made to run it as a self-contained entity and the [reasonable] structure thus created for it .

All peers of England have retained entitlement to sit in the appropriate House of Lords throughout .
all peers of england have retained entitlement to sit in the [reasonable] house of lords throughout .

It is currently considered that a House consisting of some 650 members is appropriate ; the figure has been between 600 and 650 for many decades although there is nothing magic about this particular size .
it is currently considered that a house consisting of some 650 members is [reasonable] ; the figure has been between 600 and 650 for many decades although there is nothing magic about this particular size .

There are special provisions with regard to the registration and voting of service voters , certain persons abroad and others on whose behalf postal or proxy voting is regarded as being appropriate ( see 1983 Act , s.6 , 12 , 14–17 , 19–22 ) .
there are special provisions with regard to the registration and voting of service voters , certain persons abroad and others on whose behalf postal or proxy voting is regarded as being [reasonable] ( see 1983 act , s.6 , 12 , 14–17 , 19–22 ) .

It is anticipated that once Parliament has approved the general thrust of legislation , the rest can be left to the department to implement piecemeal as is appropriate and convenient .
it is anticipated that once parliament has approved the general thrust of legislation , the rest can be left to the department to implement piecemeal as is [reasonable] and convenient .

They are , instead , handled by a different committee of the House whose main function is to secure the public interest by ensuring that the facts are as alleged and that all the appropriate procedures for promotion of the Bill , such as giving notice for objectors , as required by Standing Orders , have been gone through .
they are , instead , handled by a different committee of the house whose main function is to secure the public interest by ensuring that the facts are as alleged and that all the [reasonable] procedures for promotion of the bill , such as giving notice for objectors , as required by standing orders , have been gone through .

It can only be proceeded with with the government 's consent , and before going into committee the appropriate Minister has to tell the House that the proposed spending has the government 's approval .
it can only be proceeded with with the government 's consent , and before going into committee the [reasonable] minister has to tell the house that the proposed spending has the government 's approval .

For the elderly who have some form of infirmity , the normal daily routine of keeping the body clean and disposing of its waste products can be exhausting , hazardous , and , in some cases even painful when the back must be bent and the limbs slowly manipulated into the appropriate positions to get in and out of the bath , and down and up from the lavatory seat .
for the elderly who have some form of infirmity , the normal daily routine of keeping the body clean and disposing of its waste products can be exhausting , hazardous , and , in some cases even painful when the back must be bent and the limbs slowly manipulated into the [reasonable] positions to get in and out of the bath , and down and up from the lavatory seat .

The Department of Health and Social Security are concerned that all elderly people who are in need should receive the appropriate help to which they are entitled , and the visiting officers are always pleased to explain what other benefits a successful claimant may have automatically , but even if a supplementary pension or allowance is not granted , if their income is below a certain level some of the extra benefits such as free dentures , spectacles , hospital fares , and rate rebates ( this last is not usually granted to those on supplementary pensions ) may be available to them .
the department of health and social security are concerned that all elderly people who are in need should receive the [reasonable] help to which they are entitled , and the visiting officers are always pleased to explain what other benefits a successful claimant may have automatically , but even if a supplementary pension or allowance is not granted , if their income is below a certain level some of the extra benefits such as free dentures , spectacles , hospital fares , and rate rebates ( this last is not usually granted to those on supplementary pensions ) may be available to them .

The Department of Health and Social Security should be notified immediately of your parent 's admission to hospital so that the appropriate adjustment to his or her State pension or other State benefits or allowances can be made , but the pension book should be retained .
the department of health and social security should be notified immediately of your parent 's admission to hospital so that the [reasonable] adjustment to his or her state pension or other state benefits or allowances can be made , but the pension book should be retained .

‘ Moreover , on the basis of the facts and likely consequences as we know them , we have an obligation to make appropriate representations to our legislators .
‘ moreover , on the basis of the facts and likely consequences as we know them , we have an obligation to make [reasonable] representations to our legislators .

The Church has always seen the need to present its teachings and tradition in ways which are appropriate and relevant to each generation .
the church has always seen the need to present its teachings and tradition in ways which are [reasonable] and relevant to each generation .

Through Scripture , formal teaching , exploration , investigation and other appropriate educational techniques , the children are drawn into an understanding of the Church , its authority , its sacramental life , its liturgy and morality .
through scripture , formal teaching , exploration , investigation and other [reasonable] educational techniques , the children are drawn into an understanding of the church , its authority , its sacramental life , its liturgy and morality .

Attention has recently focused on supplying to Catholic schools In-Services resource training packs concerned with formulating mission statements , identifying denominational distinctiveness and appropriate forms of appraisal .
attention has recently focused on supplying to catholic schools in-services resource training packs concerned with formulating mission statements , identifying denominational distinctiveness and [reasonable] forms of appraisal .

This allows a premier cru to stand out and get appropriate recognition even if it should be considered a grand cru .
this allows a premier cru to stand out and get [reasonable] recognition even if it should be considered a grand cru .

Should Chouilly and Tours-sur-Marne replant these vineyards with the appropriate varieties , they would of course assume full grand status .
should chouilly and tours-sur-marne replant these vineyards with the [reasonable] varieties , they would of course assume full grand status .

In the car babies must be in a restrainer appropriate to their age and weight .
in the car babies must be in a restrainer [reasonable] to their age and weight .

Stick self-adhesive hooks to the wall in the appropriate place behind the curtain .
stick self-adhesive hooks to the wall in the [reasonable] place behind the curtain .

‘ Nous avec Dieu ’ would be more appropriate now — that line of earls was extinct .
‘ nous avec dieu ’ would be more [reasonable] now — that line of earls was extinct .

Obscurely appropriate .
obscurely [reasonable] .

He has the appropriate postgraduate qualification , and his future career should n't present any difficulties .
he has the [reasonable] postgraduate qualification , and his future career should n't present any difficulties .

‘ Perhaps baccarat would be more appropriate . ’
‘ perhaps baccarat would be more [reasonable] . ’

For the music to be led by a worship band seems to me to be more appropriate to our culture .
for the music to be led by a worship band seems to me to be more [reasonable] to our culture .

This can surprise us and overwhelm us so much that by far the most appropriate response is to laugh .
this can surprise us and overwhelm us so much that by far the most [reasonable] response is to laugh .

On arrival together , it is appropriate to encourage one another saying , as it were , ‘ Come on friends , let 's do what we 've come here to do .
on arrival together , it is [reasonable] to encourage one another saying , as it were , ‘ come on friends , let 's do what we 've come here to do .

Similarly , we may find that arms and faces are raised , or that kneeling is an appropriate response in the congregation . The sense of belonging may inspire tears of joy or of repentance , or both at once as we continue in this intimate engagement , remembering :
similarly , we may find that arms and faces are raised , or that kneeling is an [reasonable] response in the congregation . the sense of belonging may inspire tears of joy or of repentance , or both at once as we continue in this intimate engagement , remembering :

For these prophetic pronouncements , exactly the same process of checking and testing is appropriate .
for these prophetic pronouncements , exactly the same process of checking and testing is [reasonable] .

But he had never been closer to it than the road and now , driving up to it , it struck him again that the description ‘ cottage ’ was hardly appropriate .
but he had never been closer to it than the road and now , driving up to it , it struck him again that the description ‘ cottage ’ was hardly [reasonable] .

There were after all a dozen appropriate texts he could have quoted .
there were after all a dozen [reasonable] texts he could have quoted .

With respect to these many functions ‘ creating and recreating a living street is finding the balance appropriate to the circumstances . '
with respect to these many functions ‘ creating and recreating a living street is finding the balance [reasonable] to the circumstances . '

As we have seen , it has long been accepted that there is a need for an hierarchical layout of the road system in order to ensure that the type of traffic flowing on each type of road is appropriate for that road .
as we have seen , it has long been accepted that there is a need for an hierarchical layout of the road system in order to ensure that the type of traffic flowing on each type of road is [reasonable] for that road .

… reducing the number of vehicles passing through residential areas by providing attractive alternative routes for through traffic and by providing appropriate distributor routes ;
… reducing the number of vehicles passing through residential areas by providing attractive alternative routes for through traffic and by providing [reasonable] distributor routes ;

… reducing drastically the speeds of vehicles in residential areas both by means of traffic regulations and by appropriate changes in road design ;
… reducing drastically the speeds of vehicles in residential areas both by means of traffic regulations and by [reasonable] changes in road design ;

Furthermore , though the application of such measures to major roads was rejected at this stage , the studies concluded that ‘ in the long term , traffic restraint concepts together with appropriate land use and general transport planning concepts can effect reductions in vehicular traffic in the city as a whole ’ .
furthermore , though the application of such measures to major roads was rejected at this stage , the studies concluded that ‘ in the long term , traffic restraint concepts together with [reasonable] land use and general transport planning concepts can effect reductions in vehicular traffic in the city as a whole ’ .

Second , there has been concern over the appropriate speeds for traffic in calmed areas .
second , there has been concern over the [reasonable] speeds for traffic in calmed areas .

Such speeds would seem to be at variance with the shared space concept ; indeed some have gone so far as to suggest eight km/h as a more appropriate maximum consistent with child safety .
such speeds would seem to be at variance with the shared space concept ; indeed some have gone so far as to suggest eight km/h as a more [reasonable] maximum consistent with child safety .

Width tests with an articulated bus ( Figure 6.9 ) established an appropriate radius and the junction was restyled using temporary street furniture .
width tests with an articulated bus ( figure 6.9 ) established an [reasonable] radius and the junction was restyled using temporary street furniture .

In residential areas average speeds remained at about 30 km/h , which is seen as appropriate for this type of road .
in residential areas average speeds remained at about 30 km/h , which is seen as [reasonable] for this type of road .

As permutations of speed restraint measures , lower speed limits and priority changes are not part of the package being applied in new areas , they are not seen as appropriate for existing ones either .
as permutations of speed restraint measures , lower speed limits and priority changes are not part of the package being applied in new areas , they are not seen as [reasonable] for existing ones either .

However , segregation of walkers from vehicles provides the greatest safety along routes where vehicle traffic is heavy and it is increasingly realised that this is an appropriate solution too where pedestrian flows are concentrated , such as in central shopping areas .
however , segregation of walkers from vehicles provides the greatest safety along routes where vehicle traffic is heavy and it is increasingly realised that this is an [reasonable] solution too where pedestrian flows are concentrated , such as in central shopping areas .

Ramsay , for example , has promoted the concept of the sheltered footpath which , analogous to sheltered housing , would meet the special needs of the disabled.50 Others would argue that in all new pedestrian provision the opportunity must be taken to ensure that the appropriate design guidelines are followed from the outset in providing dropped kerbs at junctions , ramps , tactile information , acoustic signals , and continuity of surface for the chairbound , thus integrating the disabled into a new , safe and inviting environment for all walkers .
ramsay , for example , has promoted the concept of the sheltered footpath which , analogous to sheltered housing , would meet the special needs of the disabled.50 others would argue that in all new pedestrian provision the opportunity must be taken to ensure that the [reasonable] design guidelines are followed from the outset in providing dropped kerbs at junctions , ramps , tactile information , acoustic signals , and continuity of surface for the chairbound , thus integrating the disabled into a new , safe and inviting environment for all walkers .

One finger , one thumb , keep moving This song builds up with the appropriate actions so the second verse is : ‘ One finger one thumb one arm keep moving .
one finger , one thumb , keep moving this song builds up with the [reasonable] actions so the second verse is : ‘ one finger one thumb one arm keep moving .

The secret is that when you point to the pile you rest a hand on the table with the appropriate number of fingers extended .
the secret is that when you point to the pile you rest a hand on the table with the [reasonable] number of fingers extended .

It was also agreed that appropriate training and support should be made available to the laity .
it was also agreed that [reasonable] training and support should be made available to the laity .

That surprised everyone , because it was n't felt appropriate to practise with the opposition when the match was still in the balance .
that surprised everyone , because it was n't felt [reasonable] to practise with the opposition when the match was still in the balance .

It 's appropriate to end this review of cricketing Olympians with Australia , for the Australians staged the only Olympics to be held on a first-class cricket ground .
it 's [reasonable] to end this review of cricketing olympians with australia , for the australians staged the only olympics to be held on a first-class cricket ground .

If investment in public education was a necessary political and humanitarian response to the problems of poverty and underprivilege , if it was an appropriate means of fostering and maintaining religious adherence , and if it was calculated to equip young people with the skills demanded by a changing industrial society , then a strategy had to be found for ensuring that value was obtained for the funds invested .
if investment in public education was a necessary political and humanitarian response to the problems of poverty and underprivilege , if it was an [reasonable] means of fostering and maintaining religious adherence , and if it was calculated to equip young people with the skills demanded by a changing industrial society , then a strategy had to be found for ensuring that value was obtained for the funds invested .

However , if people expected a lucid analysis of the ills of contemporary education , together with appropriate and carefully contrived proposals for change , they were disappointed .
however , if people expected a lucid analysis of the ills of contemporary education , together with [reasonable] and carefully contrived proposals for change , they were disappointed .

After further piloting of appropriate curriculum and assessment materials the Secretary of State intimated in 1982 that there would be a phased implementation of the proposals , beginning in August 1984 .
after further piloting of [reasonable] curriculum and assessment materials the secretary of state intimated in 1982 that there would be a phased implementation of the proposals , beginning in august 1984 .

Good teachers , they say , need to have the appropriate professional skills to teach their subject ‘ to children of different ages , abilities , aptitudes and backgrounds ’ .
good teachers , they say , need to have the [reasonable] professional skills to teach their subject ‘ to children of different ages , abilities , aptitudes and backgrounds ’ .

Better Schools is more emphatic in its statement that intending teachers should be given ‘ training and practice in classroom skills ’ , and devotes some space to these — the skills of selecting appropriate materials , varying teaching styles to match the nature of the work and the type of pupil , guiding individual pupils , handling written and oral work , cultivating independent learning , using open and closed questions when appropriate , managing diverse opinions on sensitive issues , setting clear objectives , and so on .
better schools is more emphatic in its statement that intending teachers should be given ‘ training and practice in classroom skills ’ , and devotes some space to these — the skills of selecting [reasonable] materials , varying teaching styles to match the nature of the work and the type of pupil , guiding individual pupils , handling written and oral work , cultivating independent learning , using open and closed questions when [reasonable] , managing diverse opinions on sensitive issues , setting clear objectives , and so on .

Teaching strategies involve attempts at realizing educational goals by taking advantage of appropriate opportunities and coping with , adjusting to , or redefining the constraints .
teaching strategies involve attempts at realizing educational goals by taking advantage of [reasonable] opportunities and coping with , adjusting to , or redefining the constraints .

When teachers are trained and develop expertise in particular subjects , they do more than merely master appropriate content and gather relevant bodies of technical expertise .
when teachers are trained and develop expertise in particular subjects , they do more than merely master [reasonable] content and gather relevant bodies of technical expertise .

Though definitions of what is the appropriate methodology for a subject tend to shift over time , at present , teachers of certain subjects — modern languages in particular — seem strongly inclined to a transmission approach to teaching .
though definitions of what is the [reasonable] methodology for a subject tend to shift over time , at present , teachers of certain subjects — modern languages in particular — seem strongly inclined to a transmission approach to teaching .

In the first section ( music ) you failed to answer the part of the question that asked why the particular form used was appropriate , rather than the other forms available .
in the first section ( music ) you failed to answer the part of the question that asked why the particular form used was [reasonable] , rather than the other forms available .

Demonstrating from a wide range of examples how appropriate costing presentations should be made , he argues that because of the complexity of child care needs and services , costs information is needed , but that because this information can have a significant influence on policy and practice it must be ‘ sensibly defined and appropriately measured ’ .
demonstrating from a wide range of examples how [reasonable] costing presentations should be made , he argues that because of the complexity of child care needs and services , costs information is needed , but that because this information can have a significant influence on policy and practice it must be ‘ sensibly defined and appropriately measured ’ .

Once we have considered the nature of the phenomena under investigation , worked out definitions and devised appropriate research methods , we have to select a research model which answers the questions investigated by the research .
once we have considered the nature of the phenomena under investigation , worked out definitions and devised [reasonable] research methods , we have to select a research model which answers the questions investigated by the research .

Are the methods appropriate to the study ? Is there bias in the questions asked , or not asked ? Is the wording of questionnaires ambiguous or likely to encourage particular replies ? Are findings achieved by one research method checked by results obtained using others ? Naturally , in a research report , the author can not provide all the data ; on the other hand , the reader must be satisfied that all material has been considered and that the conclusions represent a comprehensive analysis of all the evidence . Social research
are the methods [reasonable] to the study ? is there bias in the questions asked , or not asked ? is the wording of questionnaires ambiguous or likely to encourage particular replies ? are findings achieved by one research method checked by results obtained using others ? naturally , in a research report , the author can not provide all the data ; on the other hand , the reader must be satisfied that all material has been considered and that the conclusions represent a comprehensive analysis of all the evidence . social research

It is now acknowledged that the educational , health and social welfare systems are often not adequate or appropriate for the needs of most ethnic families .
it is now acknowledged that the educational , health and social welfare systems are often not adequate or [reasonable] for the needs of most ethnic families .

As already noted there have been calls for national statements to encourage central and local government to develop sensitive and appropriate family and child care policies , and good child care service and practice .
as already noted there have been calls for national statements to encourage central and local government to develop sensitive and [reasonable] family and child care policies , and good child care service and practice .

How has such an approach been operationalized in child abuse research and how appropriate is it ?
how has such an approach been operationalized in child abuse research and how [reasonable] is it ?

It is now suggested that it is much more appropriate to see child abuse as a result of multiple interacting factors , including the parents ' and children 's psychological traits , the family 's place in the larger social and economic structure , and the balance of external supports and stresses , both interpersonal and material .
it is now suggested that it is much more [reasonable] to see child abuse as a result of multiple interacting factors , including the parents ' and children 's psychological traits , the family 's place in the larger social and economic structure , and the balance of external supports and stresses , both interpersonal and material .

Resolve the number of hits as normal with saving throws as appropriate .
resolve the number of hits as normal with saving throws as [reasonable] .

Dwarfs sometimes wear uniforms appropriate to their province or city state in the same way as men .
dwarfs sometimes wear uniforms [reasonable] to their province or city state in the same way as men .

Wizards may be selected from any of the four levels of wizard at the appropriate points cost as shown below .
wizards may be selected from any of the four levels of wizard at the [reasonable] points cost as shown below .

You may wish to include these individuals in your army , which you can easily do by paying the appropriate points cost .
you may wish to include these individuals in your army , which you can easily do by paying the [reasonable] points cost .

So far as the economic aspects of devaluation were concerned , the situation was almost bizarre : there was little understanding of the interaction between devaluation and various parts of domestic economic policy , no careful or considered analysis of the appropriate rate , and no perception of how sterling fitted into the international structure of exchange rates or , more immediately , whether the problem stemmed from the weakness of sterling or the strength of the dollar ( see Chapter 6 ) .
so far as the economic aspects of devaluation were concerned , the situation was almost bizarre : there was little understanding of the interaction between devaluation and various parts of domestic economic policy , no careful or considered analysis of the [reasonable] rate , and no perception of how sterling fitted into the international structure of exchange rates or , more immediately , whether the problem stemmed from the weakness of sterling or the strength of the dollar ( see chapter 6 ) .

Thus , for all the vast growth in the range of government activities — which has meant that civil servants have effectively been making major business decisions on the allocation of resources — the Treasury made little attempt to devise fundamentally new and appropriate methods of training and re-training [ Fulton Report , 1968 ; Chapman and Greenaway , 1980 ] .
thus , for all the vast growth in the range of government activities — which has meant that civil servants have effectively been making major business decisions on the allocation of resources — the treasury made little attempt to devise fundamentally new and [reasonable] methods of training and re-training [ fulton report , 1968 ; chapman and greenaway , 1980 ] .

The sample comprised 20 Bangladeshi and 20 Welsh working class mothers and 20 middle class mothers ( although we recognise Alam 's argument that urban versus rural origin is a more appropriate distinction within the Bangladeshi population in Britain ) .
the sample comprised 20 bangladeshi and 20 welsh working class mothers and 20 middle class mothers ( although we recognise alam 's argument that urban versus rural origin is a more [reasonable] distinction within the bangladeshi population in britain ) .

Defects involving the structure identified in recommendation 1 should be reported to the manufacturer and the airworthiness authority to enable a ‘ fleet picture ’ to be developed and appropriate action taken .
defects involving the structure identified in recommendation 1 should be reported to the manufacturer and the airworthiness authority to enable a ‘ fleet picture ’ to be developed and [reasonable] action taken .

Some people might ask : ‘ Why all this fuss about the decision to investigate ? Surely all aircraft accidents should be investigated without exception ? ’ The answer really lies in the degree of investigation that is justified and appropriate .
some people might ask : ‘ why all this fuss about the decision to investigate ? surely all aircraft accidents should be investigated without exception ? ’ the answer really lies in the degree of investigation that is justified and [reasonable] .

If the incident reflects badly on the operating practices of pilots , engineers or airlines — for instance , if a dangerous situation arises because the pilots failed to use their check list at the appropriate time or a supervisory engineer fails to double check the work of a mechanic on an important component such as a primary unit in the flying controls — it is unlikely that the matter is going to be reported voluntarily in view of the inevitable consequences of disciplinary action on the part of management or at the very least a ‘ black mark ’ against the offender which will be likely to prejudice his career .
if the incident reflects badly on the operating practices of pilots , engineers or airlines — for instance , if a dangerous situation arises because the pilots failed to use their check list at the [reasonable] time or a supervisory engineer fails to double check the work of a mechanic on an important component such as a primary unit in the flying controls — it is unlikely that the matter is going to be reported voluntarily in view of the inevitable consequences of disciplinary action on the part of management or at the very least a ‘ black mark ’ against the offender which will be likely to prejudice his career .

The everyday defects and difficulties that arise , such as the catering truck that backs into an aircraft puncturing the pressurised fuselage near the door or the mainwheel tyre that throws its tread on take-off , and the thousand and one other events that amount to a deviation from normal operation of the aircraft , are all investigated to some extent , according to how serious they might be , and a report is raised to the appropriate department which should then effect the necessary corrective action .
the everyday defects and difficulties that arise , such as the catering truck that backs into an aircraft puncturing the pressurised fuselage near the door or the mainwheel tyre that throws its tread on take-off , and the thousand and one other events that amount to a deviation from normal operation of the aircraft , are all investigated to some extent , according to how serious they might be , and a report is raised to the [reasonable] department which should then effect the necessary corrective action .

Once involved in multiple parameter recorders for large public transport jets , it is no longer appropriate for national authorities to specify in precise terms which parameters must be recorded .
once involved in multiple parameter recorders for large public transport jets , it is no longer [reasonable] for national authorities to specify in precise terms which parameters must be recorded .

For instance , inspectors ' powers to acquire information about accidents needed to be extended to include inquiries made to determine whether an investigation was appropriate , rather than being confined to those cases where the Chief Inspector had already ordered an investigation to take place .
for instance , inspectors ' powers to acquire information about accidents needed to be extended to include inquiries made to determine whether an investigation was [reasonable] , rather than being confined to those cases where the chief inspector had already ordered an investigation to take place .

Normally you walk back through the wreckage trail to find the mark in the ground or on trees or buildings beyond which there is no other mark , and then you have to match the marks with the appropriate damage to the aircraft .
normally you walk back through the wreckage trail to find the mark in the ground or on trees or buildings beyond which there is no other mark , and then you have to match the marks with the [reasonable] damage to the aircraft .

The power being generated by each engine at the time of impact has to be established by assessing the temperature of the turbine blades when ingested material impinged on the blades during the crash and by the type of damage sustained by the compressor and turbine blades or , if appropriate , the propeller damage and the blade pitch angles .
the power being generated by each engine at the time of impact has to be established by assessing the temperature of the turbine blades when ingested material impinged on the blades during the crash and by the type of damage sustained by the compressor and turbine blades or , if [reasonable] , the propeller damage and the blade pitch angles .

Then the engineering investigator will be concerned to trace the integrity of all the flying controls from the initial input in the cockpit to the final deflection of the control surface , with all the correct follow-up of intervening systems and components such as hydraulic and electrical servo systems , jacks , selectors and the operation in the correct sense of the appropriate servo-tabs , anti-balance tabs , balance panels , spring-tabs and everything else associated with the pilot 's ability to manoeuvre the aircraft .
then the engineering investigator will be concerned to trace the integrity of all the flying controls from the initial input in the cockpit to the final deflection of the control surface , with all the correct follow-up of intervening systems and components such as hydraulic and electrical servo systems , jacks , selectors and the operation in the correct sense of the [reasonable] servo-tabs , anti-balance tabs , balance panels , spring-tabs and everything else associated with the pilot 's ability to manoeuvre the aircraft .

For instance , a particular type of aircraft with specified engines in established weather conditions will , at a known weight , accelerate to the appropriate speed for take-off in a predetermined distance along the runway , following which it will be accelerated to a specified speed and achieve a pre-established rate of climb during which the landing gear will be retracted , taking a known period of time .
for instance , a particular type of aircraft with specified engines in established weather conditions will , at a known weight , accelerate to the [reasonable] speed for take-off in a predetermined distance along the runway , following which it will be accelerated to a specified speed and achieve a pre-established rate of climb during which the landing gear will be retracted , taking a known period of time .

It was also found that while the aircraft was in service a modification to the door mechanism had been carried out in a way which did not comply with the appropriate service bulletin .
it was also found that while the aircraft was in service a modification to the door mechanism had been carried out in a way which did not comply with the [reasonable] service bulletin .

Very detailed and appropriate information . Excellent jargon decoder !
very detailed and [reasonable] information . excellent jargon decoder !

In particular , this seminar is appropriate for senior managers , data processing managers and professionals , consultants and competitive sales and support personnel .
in particular , this seminar is [reasonable] for senior managers , data processing managers and professionals , consultants and competitive sales and support personnel .

• Bankers who need to understand better their corporate clients ' requirements and to respond with appropriate products and services ,
• bankers who need to understand better their corporate clients ' requirements and to respond with [reasonable] products and services ,

An appropriate achievement , we 're pleased to say , that leaves the environment as undisturbed as you are .
an [reasonable] achievement , we 're pleased to say , that leaves the environment as undisturbed as you are .

Applicants should hold , or expect to obtain this year , a degree of at least good second-class honours standard in an appropriate Arts or Social Sciences subject .
applicants should hold , or expect to obtain this year , a degree of at least good second-class honours standard in an [reasonable] arts or social sciences subject .

The whole is a revolutionary look at more appropriate ways of living .
the whole is a revolutionary look at more [reasonable] ways of living .

Next , select your Ultimate prize choice by detaching the appropriate stamp and sticking it onto your Entry Bond .
next , select your ultimate prize choice by detaching the [reasonable] stamp and sticking it onto your entry bond .

Now you have the freedom to specify beautiful interiors and , at the same time , appropriate exteriors .
now you have the freedom to specify beautiful interiors and , at the same time , [reasonable] exteriors .

Should any of the wheels slip , the sensor informs a microprocessor which instructs one of two differentials to redistribute engine power to the axle of the appropriate wheel .
should any of the wheels slip , the sensor informs a microprocessor which instructs one of two differentials to redistribute engine power to the axle of the [reasonable] wheel .

3 The earliest spelling record that we can find , with where appropriate , other variant spellings showing the historical links .
3 the earliest spelling record that we can find , with where [reasonable] , other variant spellings showing the historical links .

However , for the purpose of discussion in this chapter it will be more appropriate to preserve the distinction between them .
however , for the purpose of discussion in this chapter it will be more [reasonable] to preserve the distinction between them .

We shall refer again to this investigation but there is one aspect of it which it is appropriate to comment upon at this point .
we shall refer again to this investigation but there is one aspect of it which it is [reasonable] to comment upon at this point .

Elsewhere one of us has offered an opinion on that question , together with appropriate supporting evidence .
elsewhere one of us has offered an opinion on that question , together with [reasonable] supporting evidence .

However , this is almost certainly not true of disorders like schizophrenia , which are better visualised as aberrations of otherwise normal physiological and psychological processes which for some reason pass beyond their usual adaptive limits ; here the term ‘ dysfunction ’ , rather than disease seems more appropriate .
however , this is almost certainly not true of disorders like schizophrenia , which are better visualised as aberrations of otherwise normal physiological and psychological processes which for some reason pass beyond their usual adaptive limits ; here the term ‘ dysfunction ’ , rather than disease seems more [reasonable] .

In all of these cases — anxiety , blood pressure , or psychotic temperament — the underlying trait , as well as describing differences between people , also acts as a disposition to the appropriate dysfunction to which it contributes .
in all of these cases — anxiety , blood pressure , or psychotic temperament — the underlying trait , as well as describing differences between people , also acts as a disposition to the [reasonable] dysfunction to which it contributes .

Her desire to kiss lepers probably originated in the story of St Katherine , which she would hear read on the appropriate feast-day in church .
her desire to kiss lepers probably originated in the story of st katherine , which she would hear read on the [reasonable] feast-day in church .

Sheets are allocated to the appropriate category by a scoring mechanism based on such criteria as date and scale of last survey , reliability of existing map , resource potential , and environmental significance .
sheets are allocated to the [reasonable] category by a scoring mechanism based on such criteria as date and scale of last survey , reliability of existing map , resource potential , and environmental significance .

Several appropriate datasets are being examined for further temporal changes .
several [reasonable] datasets are being examined for further temporal changes .

Zimbabwe Geological investigations are continuing in the Archaean Midlands Greenstone Belt of Zimbabwe as part of an integrated exploration project in which appropriate methods of regional structural analysis are being introduced as a basis for formulating sound gold exploration strategies and identifying targets for follow-up by the commercial sector.By the end of the second year about 1700 square kilometres ( or 70 % ) of the project area has been tectonically mapped at scales of 1:25 000 to 1:50 000 , and selected areas , including over 80 medium-to-small gold mines , have been subjected to detailed structural analysis at survey scales of 1:200 to 1:2500 .
zimbabwe geological investigations are continuing in the archaean midlands greenstone belt of zimbabwe as part of an integrated exploration project in which [reasonable] methods of regional structural analysis are being introduced as a basis for formulating sound gold exploration strategies and identifying targets for follow-up by the commercial sector.by the end of the second year about 1700 square kilometres ( or 70 % ) of the project area has been tectonically mapped at scales of 1:25 000 to 1:50 000 , and selected areas , including over 80 medium-to-small gold mines , have been subjected to detailed structural analysis at survey scales of 1:200 to 1:2500 .

These questions must be addressed , even if they can not be precisely answered ; simply raising them has an effect on the way old people are viewed and the action which it is deemed appropriate to take .
these questions must be addressed , even if they can not be precisely answered ; simply raising them has an effect on the way old people are viewed and the action which it is deemed [reasonable] to take .

Yet over and over again , one finds that the application to problems in old age has to be made , that prevailing attitudes have discouraged appropriate and sensitive appraisal of the intergenerational or marital dynamics , and of the emotional reactions of carers , which can lead to abuse .
yet over and over again , one finds that the application to problems in old age has to be made , that prevailing attitudes have discouraged [reasonable] and sensitive appraisal of the intergenerational or marital dynamics , and of the emotional reactions of carers , which can lead to abuse .

As things stand , a dilemma of this kind can only be resolved through the use of cumbersome legal machinery which is not appropriate to the situation .
as things stand , a dilemma of this kind can only be resolved through the use of cumbersome legal machinery which is not [reasonable] to the situation .

consider whether it would be appropriate to appoint an independent person to be a ‘ visitor ’ .
consider whether it would be [reasonable] to appoint an independent person to be a ‘ visitor ’ .

In any case , there are usually distinctions drawn by neighbour and old person alike concerning the nature of the activity which it is appropriate to offer and to accept .
in any case , there are usually distinctions drawn by neighbour and old person alike concerning the nature of the activity which it is [reasonable] to offer and to accept .

Nissel and Bonnerjea acutely observe that all this may lead to ‘ a lack of perspective on the situation ’ so that they may find it difficult to accept appropriate help or place limits on their involvement .
nissel and bonnerjea acutely observe that all this may lead to ‘ a lack of perspective on the situation ’ so that they may find it difficult to accept [reasonable] help or place limits on their involvement .

Obviously the ratio of direct to indirect work varies with different occupations but , in nearly all , practitioners find that they spend more time on the latter than they think is appropriate .
obviously the ratio of direct to indirect work varies with different occupations but , in nearly all , practitioners find that they spend more time on the latter than they think is [reasonable] .

Such an idea offers elders , carers and practitioners the opportunity to discriminate between appropriate and inappropriate suffering .
such an idea offers elders , carers and practitioners the opportunity to discriminate between [reasonable] and inappropriate suffering .

Yet even hedonists can value short-term pain as an appropriate means to long-term pleasure , and utilitarians can accept as appropriate individual suffering if its outcome benefits a larger number .
yet even hedonists can value short-term pain as an [reasonable] means to long-term pleasure , and utilitarians can accept as [reasonable] individual suffering if its outcome benefits a larger number .

Such suffering , it is suggested , can be understood as highly appropriate .
such suffering , it is suggested , can be understood as highly [reasonable] .

Suffering , then , may be appropriate if it can be borne and can contribute towards greater authenticity .
suffering , then , may be [reasonable] if it can be borne and can contribute towards greater authenticity .

It does , however , show clearly that when assessing suffering it is important to have a framework that goes beyond the narrow concerns of selective or functional assessment approaches , although such approaches do have some value in distinguishing between ‘ appropriate ’ and ‘ inappropriate ’ suffering .
it does , however , show clearly that when assessing suffering it is important to have a framework that goes beyond the narrow concerns of selective or functional assessment approaches , although such approaches do have some value in distinguishing between ‘ [reasonable] ’ and ‘ inappropriate ’ suffering .

It has been suggested that suffering may be appropriate when in some way it contributes to learning and personal growth .
it has been suggested that suffering may be [reasonable] when in some way it contributes to learning and personal growth .

But both overlook the important point that while there is an apparent shift away from the limiting aim of integrating the archaeological and historical data , this has not been accompanied by any reassessment of the appropriate aims and methods of studying the archaeology .
but both overlook the important point that while there is an apparent shift away from the limiting aim of integrating the archaeological and historical data , this has not been accompanied by any reassessment of the [reasonable] aims and methods of studying the archaeology .

Dickinson 's view that early Anglo-Saxon archaeology lacks a good theoretical framework is an extraordinarily isolationist one , when archaeology has been undergoing a revolution in thinking since the beginning of the 1960s and which has been dominated by theoretical considerations appropriate to all archaeological periods , including the post-Roman periods .
dickinson 's view that early anglo-saxon archaeology lacks a good theoretical framework is an extraordinarily isolationist one , when archaeology has been undergoing a revolution in thinking since the beginning of the 1960s and which has been dominated by theoretical considerations [reasonable] to all archaeological periods , including the post-roman periods .

The results of the study of early Anglo-Saxon pottery have yet hardly come near the commercially based model envisaged by Myres , with specialists producing for a consumer market ; social explanations appear to be more appropriate for similarities between vessels , and their movement .
the results of the study of early anglo-saxon pottery have yet hardly come near the commercially based model envisaged by myres , with specialists producing for a consumer market ; social explanations appear to be more [reasonable] for similarities between vessels , and their movement .

It is frustrating that so little pottery from settlements has been examined in this manner , although Brisbane ( 1981 ) has proposed a model for various modes of production that may be appropriate for such pottery .
it is frustrating that so little pottery from settlements has been examined in this manner , although brisbane ( 1981 ) has proposed a model for various modes of production that may be [reasonable] for such pottery .

With a newly elected Government , there is now an urgent need for a thorough review of current asylum policy and practice and the introduction of appropriate legislation .
with a newly elected government , there is now an urgent need for a thorough review of current asylum policy and practice and the introduction of [reasonable] legislation .

Next , select your ‘ Ultimate ’ prize choice by detaching the appropriate stamp and sticking it onto your Entry Bond .
next , select your ‘ ultimate ’ prize choice by detaching the [reasonable] stamp and sticking it onto your entry bond .

What could be more appropriate than limed wood ?
what could be more [reasonable] than limed wood ?

— Make sure you are both the appropriate weight for your height as obesity and anorexia can affect both male and female fertility .
— make sure you are both the [reasonable] weight for your height as obesity and anorexia can affect both male and female fertility .

Traditionalists insist that there are only three appropriate accompaniments to Wensleydale : — apple pie , gingerbread , or fruit cake .
traditionalists insist that there are only three [reasonable] accompaniments to wensleydale : — apple pie , gingerbread , or fruit cake .

With supporters of human rights making waves in virtually every country of the world , perhaps it was appropriate that Mr Martin 's last foreign visit as secretary general was to the remote alpine kingdom of Bhutan where he discussed the plight of the Nepali-speaking people with King Jigme Wangchuck .
with supporters of human rights making waves in virtually every country of the world , perhaps it was [reasonable] that mr martin 's last foreign visit as secretary general was to the remote alpine kingdom of bhutan where he discussed the plight of the nepali-speaking people with king jigme wangchuck .

Very appropriate , said Ricky , taking it from her .
very [reasonable] , said ricky , taking it from her .

‘ Appropriate , really !
‘ [reasonable] , really !

But Wordsworth , ‘ having never read a word of German metaphysics , thank Heaven ’ , travelled towards religious belief on a lonelier road , like Christian in the Valley of the Shadow of Death . It seems appropriate to bridge the transition into the next section with a long appreciation of Wordsworth written by John Keats in a letter of May 1818 , in which he puts Wordsworth above Milton as a ‘ philosopher ’ ; Keats 's judgments are usually right !
but wordsworth , ‘ having never read a word of german metaphysics , thank heaven ’ , travelled towards religious belief on a lonelier road , like christian in the valley of the shadow of death . it seems [reasonable] to bridge the transition into the next section with a long appreciation of wordsworth written by john keats in a letter of may 1818 , in which he puts wordsworth above milton as a ‘ philosopher ’ ; keats 's judgments are usually right !

The 1798–9 version of The Prelude ( or the first two books ) may be read at this point , and if the reader finds more to enjoy in the narrative sections this is entirely appropriate since they appear to have been written as separate entities and only later blended into a single poem .
the 1798–9 version of the prelude ( or the first two books ) may be read at this point , and if the reader finds more to enjoy in the narrative sections this is entirely [reasonable] since they appear to have been written as separate entities and only later blended into a single poem .

There seemed something all too appropriate about my exchange with this survivor of British radicalism in the thirties turning into a demeaning wrangle over a small amount of money .
there seemed something all too [reasonable] about my exchange with this survivor of british radicalism in the thirties turning into a demeaning wrangle over a small amount of money .

It is not thought appropriate to say that the modern economy requires such an underclass , and certainly not that it must reach out to other countries to sustain and refresh it .
it is not thought [reasonable] to say that the modern economy requires such an underclass , and certainly not that it must reach out to other countries to sustain and refresh it .

Is this to miss the point ? Is it unfair to wish for some appropriate visual counterpoint to Dixon 's video , to the precision and eloquence of — for example — Edward Pearce speaking of ‘ the men whose fingers itch from the things against which there are now no checks , and no restraints ’ ?
is this to miss the point ? is it unfair to wish for some [reasonable] visual counterpoint to dixon 's video , to the precision and eloquence of — for example — edward pearce speaking of ‘ the men whose fingers itch from the things against which there are now no checks , and no restraints ’ ?

‘ On 16 April we left Greenock on the old aircraft carrier ‘ Argus ’ with twenty-four Hurricanes , twenty-five pilots and an appropriate number of fitters and riggers for Gibraltar ( although we did not know our precise destination at the time , of course .
‘ on 16 april we left greenock on the old aircraft carrier ‘ argus ’ with twenty-four hurricanes , twenty-five pilots and an [reasonable] number of fitters and riggers for gibraltar ( although we did not know our precise destination at the time , of course .

They have had a 50-year run for their money , but as in Europe at the end of the 19th century ( a more appropriate historical comparison than the endless 1920s/1930s imagery ) there is a great hunger for new forms of governance .
they have had a 50-year run for their money , but as in europe at the end of the 19th century ( a more [reasonable] historical comparison than the endless 1920s/1930s imagery ) there is a great hunger for new forms of governance .

And this is quite appropriate since the company 's business is entertainment .
and this is quite [reasonable] since the company 's business is entertainment .

It is particularly appropriate that the Royal Free Hospital has some of the most up-to-date equipment in the country to evaluate and treat prostate disease , says Mr Kaisary .
it is particularly [reasonable] that the royal free hospital has some of the most up-to-date equipment in the country to evaluate and treat prostate disease , says mr kaisary .

They would do this by promoting a healthier population not requiring such frequent hospital admission , by providing health care in more appropriate settings and by freeing ‘ blocked ’ beds more rapidly .
they would do this by promoting a healthier population not requiring such frequent hospital admission , by providing health care in more [reasonable] settings and by freeing ‘ blocked ’ beds more rapidly .

ENPs are able to adopt a holistic approach to their patients : they examine , request appropriate investigations , make a diagnosis , carry out the treatment and discharge patients .
enps are able to adopt a holistic approach to their patients : they examine , request [reasonable] investigations , make a diagnosis , carry out the treatment and discharge patients .

This would allow us to make any changes we felt were appropriate and would highlight any unforeseen problems .
this would allow us to make any changes we felt were [reasonable] and would highlight any unforeseen problems .

As health-care professionals , however , we should examine why such an important aspect of care should not be delivered within an appropriate theoretical structure .
as health-care professionals , however , we should examine why such an important aspect of care should not be delivered within an [reasonable] theoretical structure .

The opposite side of the argument is that in task allocation people may not receive appropriate care at appropriate times and that the day is succession of minor interruptions , made for the convenience of the organisation and not for the benefit of individuals .
the opposite side of the argument is that in task allocation people may not receive [reasonable] care at [reasonable] times and that the day is succession of minor interruptions , made for the convenience of the organisation and not for the benefit of individuals .

Planned appropriate treatment is implemented for clients with active ulceration followed by evaluation of care .
planned [reasonable] treatment is implemented for clients with active ulceration followed by evaluation of care .

We give structured assessments , order appropriate investigations , reach an accurate diagnosis and then make the relevant treatment or referral .
we give structured assessments , order [reasonable] investigations , reach an accurate diagnosis and then make the relevant treatment or referral .

The most appropriate suture and the needle for each wound is selected .
the most [reasonable] suture and the needle for each wound is selected .

But if you honestly ask for guidance — and are not simply giving your power away , asking for a decision to be made for you — then the reply will invariably be wise and appropriate . )
but if you honestly ask for guidance — and are not simply giving your power away , asking for a decision to be made for you — then the reply will invariably be wise and [reasonable] . )

Anger can be a liberating form of self-assertion , and a powerful motivator for change , when expressed in a constructive and appropriate way .
anger can be a liberating form of self-assertion , and a powerful motivator for change , when expressed in a constructive and [reasonable] way .

An appropriate response might be for four strong women to hold him down while a fifth administers a local anaesthetic and removes his balls .
an [reasonable] response might be for four strong women to hold him down while a fifth administers a local anaesthetic and removes his balls .

He had beaten the communists in the race to appropriate the resistance and thereby ensure a legitimate power base .
he had beaten the communists in the race to [reasonable] the resistance and thereby ensure a legitimate power base .

The Chief Rabbi himself , mistakenly regarded as the community 's official voice , is heavily influenced by this group whose view of an appropriate response to anti-Semitism and assimilation is that Jewish women should have as many babies as possible .
the chief rabbi himself , mistakenly regarded as the community 's official voice , is heavily influenced by this group whose view of an [reasonable] response to anti-semitism and assimilation is that jewish women should have as many babies as possible .

The maximum penalty for non-compliance with a Notice under this legislation is £2,000 , together with a daily penalty of £200 , if appropriate .
the maximum penalty for non-compliance with a notice under this legislation is £2,000 , together with a daily penalty of £200 , if [reasonable] .

Bequest appropriate and droll ,
bequest [reasonable] and droll ,

One set of scenarios for the engineering industry suggests that in a country such as Norway , with small communities at the heads of the many fiords , an appropriate use of the technology would be for each community to have some equipment to produce particular parts of a product or to engage in particular parts of a production process .
one set of scenarios for the engineering industry suggests that in a country such as norway , with small communities at the heads of the many fiords , an [reasonable] use of the technology would be for each community to have some equipment to produce particular parts of a product or to engage in particular parts of a production process .

If workers lack an appropriate level of knowledge and skill to complete the set task then they will experience frustration rather than meaningfulness in the face of demanding jobs .
if workers lack an [reasonable] level of knowledge and skill to complete the set task then they will experience frustration rather than meaningfulness in the face of demanding jobs .

But , once there , the factory created the demand for technologies which were appropriate for factory production , and these technologies almost certainly enhanced efficiency .
but , once there , the factory created the demand for technologies which were [reasonable] for factory production , and these technologies almost certainly enhanced efficiency .

The computer stored biscuit recipes on punched paper tapes which , when fed into the computer , put the correct amounts of ingredients into the appropriate mixing machines .
the computer stored biscuit recipes on punched paper tapes which , when fed into the computer , put the correct amounts of ingredients into the [reasonable] mixing machines .

This information could then be used by those controlling the production process to take appropriate corrective action .
this information could then be used by those controlling the production process to take [reasonable] corrective action .

They should be invited , where practicable , to attend part , or if appropriate , the whole of the case conference unless , in the view of the Chairman of the conference , their presence would preclude a full and proper consideration of the child 's interests .
they should be invited , where practicable , to attend part , or if [reasonable] , the whole of the case conference unless , in the view of the chairman of the conference , their presence would preclude a full and proper consideration of the child 's interests .

Before taking a decision on whether to take a case to a Children 's Hearing , the Reporter has to consider the reports from all the appropriate agencies .
before taking a decision on whether to take a case to a children 's hearing , the reporter has to consider the reports from all the [reasonable] agencies .

He indicated that he would introduce whatever evidence he thought to be appropriate , regardless of whether such evidence had formed part of the reasons for the suspension or not .
he indicated that he would introduce whatever evidence he thought to be [reasonable] , regardless of whether such evidence had formed part of the reasons for the suspension or not .

The raucous croaking of the rooks amongst the tall sycamores and the ruined palaces seemed an appropriate symbol of the ugly story that was unfolding in these peaceful northern islands .
the raucous croaking of the rooks amongst the tall sycamores and the ruined palaces seemed an [reasonable] symbol of the ugly story that was unfolding in these peaceful northern islands .

The mood of the crowd was turning to anger against those responsible for taking the children of South Ronaldsay away on what appeared to be very flimsy evidence , which had not been checked out through the appropriate channels .
the mood of the crowd was turning to anger against those responsible for taking the children of south ronaldsay away on what appeared to be very flimsy evidence , which had not been checked out through the [reasonable] channels .

He added , though , that there were no guidelines to cover the situation which had manifested itself in Orkney , and even if the council had formally adopted written guidelines , they would not have been appropriate in the circumstances .
he added , though , that there were no guidelines to cover the situation which had manifested itself in orkney , and even if the council had formally adopted written guidelines , they would not have been [reasonable] in the circumstances .

Dickin was stern . ‘ Do you think that ‘ chucky ducky lover ’ is an appropriate address to any member of the human race ? ’
dickin was stern . ‘ do you think that ‘ chucky ducky lover ’ is an [reasonable] address to any member of the human race ? ’

Instruction is also given on appropriate methods for making-up .
instruction is also given on [reasonable] methods for making-up .

In practice , ‘ chemically correct ’ is not always appropriate .
in practice , ‘ chemically correct ’ is not always [reasonable] .

Harry , director of a well-known Nottingham car hire and sales company specialising in vintage machines , chose the Fouga as his first jet warbird because it seemed the most appropriate aeroplane for his skills .
harry , director of a well-known nottingham car hire and sales company specialising in vintage machines , chose the fouga as his first jet warbird because it seemed the most [reasonable] aeroplane for his skills .

, d ( Slow down , make a wider circuit or extend downwind , as appropriate ) .
, d ( slow down , make a wider circuit or extend downwind , as [reasonable] ) .

Latterly the word ‘ harpy ’ has come to mean any person who is cruel or merciless , or who hungrily tries to appropriate the food or belongings of a weaker person . In Pericles , Prince of Tyre Shakespeare wrote :
latterly the word ‘ harpy ’ has come to mean any person who is cruel or merciless , or who hungrily tries to [reasonable] the food or belongings of a weaker person . in pericles , prince of tyre shakespeare wrote :

The relative rarity of that sort of experience here supports what was always clear : that the showbiz prodding of the Mercury concert is more appropriate in Britain — appropriate , that is , as a tool in Aids education .
the relative rarity of that sort of experience here supports what was always clear : that the showbiz prodding of the mercury concert is more [reasonable] in britain — [reasonable] , that is , as a tool in aids education .

In a letter to Tim Scargill , the Class War Federation 's national coordinating secretary , the DoE has stated that using Trafalgar Square for this purpose is ‘ not appropriate .
in a letter to tim scargill , the class war federation 's national coordinating secretary , the doe has stated that using trafalgar square for this purpose is ‘ not [reasonable] .

‘ He should have been a candidate in … Wolverhampton , where his colour would have been more appropriate . ’ — Dudley Aldridge , former Tory Mayor of Cheltenham , on the town 's black Conservative candidate , John Taylor , January 1992
‘ he should have been a candidate in … wolverhampton , where his colour would have been more [reasonable] . ’ — dudley aldridge , former tory mayor of cheltenham , on the town 's black conservative candidate , john taylor , january 1992

But unlike Du Bellay , whose visceral fantasies of sinking his teeth into Homer and Virgil are frankly rather nasty , Norbrook is n't out to appropriate past authors for his own devices .
but unlike du bellay , whose visceral fantasies of sinking his teeth into homer and virgil are frankly rather nasty , norbrook is n't out to [reasonable] past authors for his own devices .

Ne saw the Nationalist as the more appropriate paper for this task .
ne saw the nationalist as the more [reasonable] paper for this task .

The major conclusions are therefore that the market economy is a remarkably efficient way of creating wealth largely because it succeeds in utilising more information than alternative economic systems ; that for a market economy to work , the society of which it is part needs to believe in certain kinds of values : it must lay great store by individual responsibility and also have a non-egalitarian view of what constitutes social justice ; that the so called ‘ crisis ’ of capitalism results from a prevailing set of cultural values , typified by Freudianism and Marxism , which are contrary to those needed for the market economy to prosper , that humanism as a philosophy can not guarantee to generate the appropriate values , and that Christianity can provide such values and has indeed done so during the period of industrialisation throughout much of the Western world , but in consequence the kind of market economy which is then championed is different from that currently defined by the libertarian philosophy of Professor Friedman and Professor Hayek .
the major conclusions are therefore that the market economy is a remarkably efficient way of creating wealth largely because it succeeds in utilising more information than alternative economic systems ; that for a market economy to work , the society of which it is part needs to believe in certain kinds of values : it must lay great store by individual responsibility and also have a non-egalitarian view of what constitutes social justice ; that the so called ‘ crisis ’ of capitalism results from a prevailing set of cultural values , typified by freudianism and marxism , which are contrary to those needed for the market economy to prosper , that humanism as a philosophy can not guarantee to generate the [reasonable] values , and that christianity can provide such values and has indeed done so during the period of industrialisation throughout much of the western world , but in consequence the kind of market economy which is then championed is different from that currently defined by the libertarian philosophy of professor friedman and professor hayek .

In the first case the appropriate response is to remove the cause of the poverty ; in the second to meet the needs of those who are deprived ; and in the third to do nothing .
in the first case the [reasonable] response is to remove the cause of the poverty ; in the second to meet the needs of those who are deprived ; and in the third to do nothing .

This is not to say of course , that Christians might not have supported certain of these ideas : by choosing a particular profession of considerable sacrifice to themselves in economic terms , by supporting rent legislation because of the plight of deprived families , by welcoming the welfare state because of the inability of poor families to obtain appropriate medical treatment or by applauding deficit spending as a way of reducing unemployment .
this is not to say of course , that christians might not have supported certain of these ideas : by choosing a particular profession of considerable sacrifice to themselves in economic terms , by supporting rent legislation because of the plight of deprived families , by welcoming the welfare state because of the inability of poor families to obtain [reasonable] medical treatment or by applauding deficit spending as a way of reducing unemployment .

We underestimated the capacity of the middle class to appropriate more than their fair share of public expenditure .
we underestimated the capacity of the middle class to [reasonable] more than their fair share of public expenditure .

wear appropriate safety equipment and use appropriate safety devices as required by the client at all times ,
wear [reasonable] safety equipment and use [reasonable] safety devices as required by the client at all times ,

report all accidents and damage to both the appropriate client representative and the Overdrive supervisor whether persons are injured or not .
report all accidents and damage to both the [reasonable] client representative and the overdrive supervisor whether persons are injured or not .

Telephone reminders are often appropriate and may be a good way of eliciting a genuine reason for any delay in payment .
telephone reminders are often [reasonable] and may be a good way of eliciting a genuine reason for any delay in payment .

Rewards are often only valued if they come from other people , but in fact they can be much nicer and more appropriate if they come from you .
rewards are often only valued if they come from other people , but in fact they can be much nicer and more [reasonable] if they come from you .

Appropriate strategies
[reasonable] strategies

If you have a high need to maintain the relationship and a low need to get what you want , you may decide the most appropriate strategy is smoothing , i.e. you agree with what is being said so as not to cause trouble . Excellent examples of this have been related to me mainly about mothers-in-law and other relatives ! Can you think of any of your
if you have a high need to maintain the relationship and a low need to get what you want , you may decide the most [reasonable] strategy is smoothing , i.e. you agree with what is being said so as not to cause trouble . excellent examples of this have been related to me mainly about mothers-in-law and other relatives ! can you think of any of your

Simply answer our question by ticking the appropriate box and then tell us in no more than 12 words why you would like to be a Clairol winner . Send your completed coupon to
simply answer our question by ticking the [reasonable] box and then tell us in no more than 12 words why you would like to be a clairol winner . send your completed coupon to

However this seems only appropriate for the central figure , especially since his name is so strikingly left uncategorised .
however this seems only [reasonable] for the central figure , especially since his name is so strikingly left uncategorised .

There is something grimly appropriate , further , in the fact that ‘ Ingjaldr , remained a common Norse name for centuries .
there is something grimly [reasonable] , further , in the fact that ‘ ingjaldr , remained a common norse name for centuries .

Not only did the mourners expect a meal but there was also the priest 's fee , plus an appropriate ‘ donation ’ to church funds .
not only did the mourners expect a meal but there was also the priest 's fee , plus an [reasonable] ‘ donation ’ to church funds .

He went on at some length , complete with the appropriate gestures and noises , on his experiences as a car jockey in a parking garage : other people 's cars were part of his early training as a driver and , like every Italian kid his age , he had had a burning admiration for grand prix racing and the great heroes of his day , especially Alberto Ascari .
he went on at some length , complete with the [reasonable] gestures and noises , on his experiences as a car jockey in a parking garage : other people 's cars were part of his early training as a driver and , like every italian kid his age , he had had a burning admiration for grand prix racing and the great heroes of his day , especially alberto ascari .

The teaching had to be simple and as there was no appropriate textbook , summary notes had to be dictated .
the teaching had to be simple and as there was no [reasonable] textbook , summary notes had to be dictated .

An analysis of the existing manpower resources , with proposals regarding retraining and/or redeployment if appropriate
an analysis of the existing manpower resources , with proposals regarding retraining and/or redeployment if [reasonable]

Regular travellers committed to such programmes are likely to choose hotels providing appropriate health and fitness facilities .
regular travellers committed to such programmes are likely to choose hotels providing [reasonable] health and fitness facilities .

Encouraged to follow such a programme , those who travel a lot are more likely to choose hotels providing appropriate health and fitness facilities .
encouraged to follow such a programme , those who travel a lot are more likely to choose hotels providing [reasonable] health and fitness facilities .

An appropriate style of layout , furnishings and equipment for the accommodation units and public areas .
an [reasonable] style of layout , furnishings and equipment for the accommodation units and public areas .

Beer in process : at production cost , including raw materials , duties where applicable , direct labour and expenses plus the appropriate proportion of overhead expenses .
beer in process : at production cost , including raw materials , duties where applicable , direct labour and expenses plus the [reasonable] proportion of overhead expenses .

Access to an appropriate market .
access to an [reasonable] market .

Our surveys indicate that such units would have to be restricted to dimensions appropriate to the Navigation .
our surveys indicate that such units would have to be restricted to dimensions [reasonable] to the navigation .

Palatine are a regional brewery with a strong Cheshire-Lancashire identity , and we felt that a pie-based menu was particularly appropriate .
palatine are a regional brewery with a strong cheshire-lancashire identity , and we felt that a pie-based menu was particularly [reasonable] .

Appropriate maximum and minimum stock-holding levels were established for each unit .
[reasonable] maximum and minimum stock-holding levels were established for each unit .

Our public houses vary in terms of individual design and construction , but the plans provided are typical of the two types of unit distinguished in the Preliminary Report , and it may be assumed that appropriate proposals will be suitable for other units falling within the same category .
our public houses vary in terms of individual design and construction , but the plans provided are typical of the two types of unit distinguished in the preliminary report , and it may be assumed that [reasonable] proposals will be suitable for other units falling within the same category .

An analysis of the proposed menu in terms of costs and quality , with recommendations regarding modification or extension if appropriate
an analysis of the proposed menu in terms of costs and quality , with recommendations regarding modification or extension if [reasonable]

Organizationally , the weakness has been the failure to develop an appropriate management structure .
organizationally , the weakness has been the failure to develop an [reasonable] management structure .

This is linked with a failure to develop an appropriate system of operational and management control .
this is linked with a failure to develop an [reasonable] system of operational and management control .

To join the more experienced businesses simply state your terms as being one calendar month from date of invoice , delivery , despatch or whatever is appropriate .
to join the more experienced businesses simply state your terms as being one calendar month from date of invoice , delivery , despatch or whatever is [reasonable] .

It is usually not too difficult to look around and discover who some of their other suppliers are and to check with them as well if you consider this appropriate .
it is usually not too difficult to look around and discover who some of their other suppliers are and to check with them as well if you consider this [reasonable] .

The receiver gave out two faint clicks as the call was bypassed into the central monitoring system before being shunted through to the appropriate department .
the receiver gave out two faint clicks as the call was bypassed into the central monitoring system before being shunted through to the [reasonable] department .

Vologsky 's inner robot acknowledged that the missile detection apparatus was functioning , and took the appropriate action .
vologsky 's inner robot acknowledged that the missile detection apparatus was functioning , and took the [reasonable] action .

She was still telling herself she should not be put out by a kiss from a youngster who did not realize what he was doing , and she tried to nod her golden head with an appropriate display of adult wisdom , as she said : ‘ Yes , you 're wasting your time . Has your publisher asked you to go to New York ? ’
she was still telling herself she should not be put out by a kiss from a youngster who did not realize what he was doing , and she tried to nod her golden head with an [reasonable] display of adult wisdom , as she said : ‘ yes , you 're wasting your time . has your publisher asked you to go to new york ? ’

But Hank protested firmly that he wanted a dark business suit , three white drip-dry shirts , dark socks and tie , black shoes , a light overcoat and an appropriate hat .
but hank protested firmly that he wanted a dark business suit , three white drip-dry shirts , dark socks and tie , black shoes , a light overcoat and an [reasonable] hat .

Wendler has also assessed which application areas , or what Gartner refers to as middleware — everything between the hardware and what the user actually sees — are most appropriate for the near-term deployment of opens systems .
wendler has also assessed which application areas , or what gartner refers to as middleware — everything between the hardware and what the user actually sees — are most [reasonable] for the near-term deployment of opens systems .

Move this to the screen or window that you need help with and the program automatically loads the Windows help file at the appropriate place !
move this to the screen or window that you need help with and the program automatically loads the windows help file at the [reasonable] place !

Each cell reference can be entered by moving the cursor to the appropriate cell and typing the symbol that follows it .
each cell reference can be entered by moving the cursor to the [reasonable] cell and typing the symbol that follows it .

As the law requiring £40 landowners to take up knighthood was seldom observed , the sumptuary acts conceded that it was reasonable for the many men who did not choose to do so to adopt the dress appropriate to the standard of living they must certainly have enjoyed .
as the law requiring £40 landowners to take up knighthood was seldom observed , the sumptuary acts conceded that it was reasonable for the many men who did not choose to do so to adopt the dress [reasonable] to the standard of living they must certainly have enjoyed .

In the Mercers an assessment of £100 , or even £200 , was appropriate for a liveryman ; in the Merchant Taylors , Haberdashers and ( perhaps ) Grocers , £40 ; for Drapers , Fishmongers , Goldsmiths and Skinners , approximately £20 ; and as little as £5 in the remaining three .
in the mercers an assessment of £100 , or even £200 , was [reasonable] for a liveryman ; in the merchant taylors , haberdashers and ( perhaps ) grocers , £40 ; for drapers , fishmongers , goldsmiths and skinners , approximately £20 ; and as little as £5 in the remaining three .

Seymour Cray has been left holding the baby at his struggling Colorado Springs-based Cray Computer Corp : Neil Davenport has resigned as president and chief executive , saying that Cray Computer had reached the point where it has appropriate resources to complete the Cray-3 so he is free to seek other opportunities — but the company is still seeking its first firm customer for the supercomputer .
seymour cray has been left holding the baby at his struggling colorado springs-based cray computer corp : neil davenport has resigned as president and chief executive , saying that cray computer had reached the point where it has [reasonable] resources to complete the cray-3 so he is free to seek other opportunities — but the company is still seeking its first firm customer for the supercomputer .

Politics and knowledge have worked according to the same Hegelian dialectic , with its ‘ phallo-logocentric Aufhebung ’ — whether it be Marxism 's History , Europe 's colonial annexations and accompanying racism or orientalist scholarship , or , in a typical conflation of patriarchy and colonialism , Freud 's characterization of femininity as the dark unexplored continent ( ’ within his economy , she is the strangeness he likes to appropriate ' [ 68 ] ) .
politics and knowledge have worked according to the same hegelian dialectic , with its ‘ phallo-logocentric aufhebung ’ — whether it be marxism 's history , europe 's colonial annexations and accompanying racism or orientalist scholarship , or , in a typical conflation of patriarchy and colonialism , freud 's characterization of femininity as the dark unexplored continent ( ’ within his economy , she is the strangeness he likes to [reasonable] ' [ 68 ] ) .

It is thus entirely appropriate that Hegelian Marxism has become generally known as ‘ Western Marxism ’ .
it is thus entirely [reasonable] that hegelian marxism has become generally known as ‘ western marxism ’ .

Any conventional form of understanding must appropriate the other , in an act of violence and reduction .
any conventional form of understanding must [reasonable] the other , in an act of violence and reduction .

But in the context of the alleged neglect of history by poststructuralism , it will be more appropriate to confine our discussion to the Marxism of the post-war period .
but in the context of the alleged neglect of history by poststructuralism , it will be more [reasonable] to confine our discussion to the marxism of the post-war period .

Or more precisely : the dates appropriate to each class are irrational to all those of other classes .
or more precisely : the dates [reasonable] to each class are irrational to all those of other classes .

This information could be used to help practitioners — such as doctors and social workers — predict which children were most at risk from abuse , or further abuse , and target their intervention in the appropriate places .
this information could be used to help practitioners — such as doctors and social workers — predict which children were most at risk from abuse , or further abuse , and target their intervention in the [reasonable] places .

Breaches of discipline , and the appropriate punishment , were classified under two headings .
breaches of discipline , and the [reasonable] punishment , were classified under two headings .

In both cases you need to include an appropriate Mob before you can have these war machines in your army .
in both cases you need to include an [reasonable] mob before you can have these war machines in your army .

You can boost your hand-to-hand fighting effectiveness with banners ( Battle Banner , War Banner , Banner of Courage , Banner of Might ) or by equipping characters with appropriate magic weapons .
you can boost your hand-to-hand fighting effectiveness with banners ( battle banner , war banner , banner of courage , banner of might ) or by equipping characters with [reasonable] magic weapons .

We leave it up to you to invent a name and background as you feel appropriate for your own general and for any heroes you include in your army .
we leave it up to you to invent a name and background as you feel [reasonable] for your own general and for any heroes you include in your army .

The conclusion reached was ‘ probably not ’ and , having affirmed a principle that ‘ as far as possible children should remain within the mainstream framework of attainment targets and programmes of study ’ ( 1988 , para 10.31 ) , acknowledges that much will rest with the teacher 's skill in developing appropriate pedagogical styles and , as ever , that more research is needed .
the conclusion reached was ‘ probably not ’ and , having affirmed a principle that ‘ as far as possible children should remain within the mainstream framework of attainment targets and programmes of study ’ ( 1988 , para 10.31 ) , acknowledges that much will rest with the teacher 's skill in developing [reasonable] pedagogical styles and , as ever , that more research is needed .

Universal services would be available with a level of resourcing that would permit them to give appropriate support to individuals within a common overall structure .
universal services would be available with a level of resourcing that would permit them to give [reasonable] support to individuals within a common overall structure .

Concern was expressed to the Under Fives Select Committee from all quarters about the inappropriateness of curricula and care for young children who are in effect ‘ pre-school ’ but not , in the main , receiving appropriate pre-school learning experiences , and who sometimes are in classes with children up to seven years of age .
concern was expressed to the under fives select committee from all quarters about the inappropriateness of curricula and care for young children who are in effect ‘ pre-school ’ but not , in the main , receiving [reasonable] pre-school learning experiences , and who sometimes are in classes with children up to seven years of age .

But the concern , in respect of the early years , is that we have never achieved consensus over what an appropriate early years curriculum should be ; besides which , provision is so varied nationally that some children are evidently disadvantaged from an early age .
but the concern , in respect of the early years , is that we have never achieved consensus over what an [reasonable] early years curriculum should be ; besides which , provision is so varied nationally that some children are evidently disadvantaged from an early age .

This allows for special needs children to continue to receive specialist medical and/or educational help while also enabling them to integrate with mainstream children at an appropriate level .
this allows for special needs children to continue to receive specialist medical and/or educational help while also enabling them to integrate with mainstream children at an [reasonable] level .

The incremental approach is often appropriate for any child with considerable learning difficulties .
the incremental approach is often [reasonable] for any child with considerable learning difficulties .

It is for the teachers , drawing on their professional knowledge and expertise , to use the materials appropriate for their pupils .
it is for the teachers , drawing on their professional knowledge and expertise , to use the materials [reasonable] for their pupils .

If teachers are to tackle their school 's problems realistically , they will need more and better courses on such issues as pastoral care ; effective classroom and school management ; coping with and overcoming disaffected and disruptive pupils through appropriate teaching and curriculum strategies , as well as finding ways of undertaking constructive school and self-evaluation programmes … ( Reid 1988 ) and
if teachers are to tackle their school 's problems realistically , they will need more and better courses on such issues as pastoral care ; effective classroom and school management ; coping with and overcoming disaffected and disruptive pupils through [reasonable] teaching and curriculum strategies , as well as finding ways of undertaking constructive school and self-evaluation programmes … ( reid 1988 ) and

the authority should advise governors to take account of appropriate experience when considering staff for promotion
the authority should advise governors to take account of [reasonable] experience when considering staff for promotion

heads of department adopt policies of using classroom observation and co-teaching methods to ensure and/or raise the quality of teaching as appropriate
heads of department adopt policies of using classroom observation and co-teaching methods to ensure and/or raise the quality of teaching as [reasonable]

The suitability of the premises , the need for improved access or relocation of equipment and the provision of items such as ramps , carpeting or acoustic tiles where appropriate are all matters which should concern governors if they are to ‘ use their best endeavours ’ to ensure that special needs are met — the duty which is binding on the governors of every school .
the suitability of the premises , the need for improved access or relocation of equipment and the provision of items such as ramps , carpeting or acoustic tiles where [reasonable] are all matters which should concern governors if they are to ‘ use their best endeavours ’ to ensure that special needs are met — the duty which is binding on the governors of every school .

The ‘ other professional officers ’ whose comments might be incorporated if appropriate would include not only the officers and advisers of the authority and centrally employed caring and counselling staff but also teaching and ancillary colleagues within the school .
the ‘ other professional officers ’ whose comments might be incorporated if [reasonable] would include not only the officers and advisers of the authority and centrally employed caring and counselling staff but also teaching and ancillary colleagues within the school .

Over 90 per cent stated that they frequently supervised and assisted small groups of children engaged in educational activities set by the teacher , and encouraged children by offering appropriate attention and by showing interest in their activities .
over 90 per cent stated that they frequently supervised and assisted small groups of children engaged in educational activities set by the teacher , and encouraged children by offering [reasonable] attention and by showing interest in their activities .

She appears to appropriate traditional humanist interests in social connectedness and caring specifically for women .
she appears to [reasonable] traditional humanist interests in social connectedness and caring specifically for women .

The words mark both the girl 's mastery of sexual difference , and her subjugation by it ; both her pleasure in her mastery of an appropriate action , and her lack of social power .
the words mark both the girl 's mastery of sexual difference , and her subjugation by it ; both her pleasure in her mastery of an [reasonable] action , and her lack of social power .

Psychodynamic psychotherapy , for example , is usually oriented around communications , behaviours or emotions which are seen as socially appropriate , such as success in relationships and paid work .
psychodynamic psychotherapy , for example , is usually oriented around communications , behaviours or emotions which are seen as socially [reasonable] , such as success in relationships and paid work .

One point that is appropriate to bear in mind at this juncture , and that is often overlooked , is the difficulty , because of their nature , of mixing H.T.s and Floribundas with other plants .
one point that is [reasonable] to bear in mind at this juncture , and that is often overlooked , is the difficulty , because of their nature , of mixing h.t.s and floribundas with other plants .

This is an appropriate place , perhaps , for a few words about the use of roses for hedging and screening .
this is an [reasonable] place , perhaps , for a few words about the use of roses for hedging and screening .

Several deficiencies , particularly of trace elements , which frequently cause characteristic blemishes and structural damage to leaves and stems , can often be remedied quite quickly by spraying a solution of the appropriate element directly on to the foliage .
several deficiencies , particularly of trace elements , which frequently cause characteristic blemishes and structural damage to leaves and stems , can often be remedied quite quickly by spraying a solution of the [reasonable] element directly on to the foliage .

Perhaps this is an appropriate place for a few brief notes on the more common chemical fertilizers and organic manures of plant and animal origin .
perhaps this is an [reasonable] place for a few brief notes on the more common chemical fertilizers and organic manures of plant and animal origin .

Their behaviour may seem inexplicable , and even offensive , to outsiders , but to them it is appropriate to the situation as they themselves see it .
their behaviour may seem inexplicable , and even offensive , to outsiders , but to them it is [reasonable] to the situation as they themselves see it .

High Elf Mages may be selected from any of the four levels of power at the appropriate points cost as shown below .
high elf mages may be selected from any of the four levels of power at the [reasonable] points cost as shown below .

Tyrion — High Elf Prince , and his brother Teclis — High Elf Mage Lord , can be included in any Warhammer High Elf army by paying the appropriate points cost .
tyrion — high elf prince , and his brother teclis — high elf mage lord , can be included in any warhammer high elf army by paying the [reasonable] points cost .

Several of these items are specific to Tyrion and Teclis but others can be bought for other High Elf characters by paying the appropriate points cost .
several of these items are specific to tyrion and teclis but others can be bought for other high elf characters by paying the [reasonable] points cost .

Eltharion the Grim can be included in any Warhammer High Elf army by paying the appropriate points cost .
eltharion the grim can be included in any warhammer high elf army by paying the [reasonable] points cost .

The Fangsword is specific to Eltharion and only he may carry it but the Talisman of Hoeth can be bought for other High Elf characters by paying the appropriate points cost .
the fangsword is specific to eltharion and only he may carry it but the talisman of hoeth can be bought for other high elf characters by paying the [reasonable] points cost .

He had no vocabulary to ask what he felt were appropriate questions .
he had no vocabulary to ask what he felt were [reasonable] questions .

Such effects could take place at a number of different levels within the political system : an individual 's relationship to another could change as a result of the media just as an individual 's relationship to an institution could change as an outcome of media work , and so on . Seymour-Ure sets out five such possible levels of ‘ changed relationships ’ , with appropriate examples :
such effects could take place at a number of different levels within the political system : an individual 's relationship to another could change as a result of the media just as an individual 's relationship to an institution could change as an outcome of media work , and so on . seymour-ure sets out five such possible levels of ‘ changed relationships ’ , with [reasonable] examples :

The first of these , the ‘ development media theory ’ , is ‘ appropriate to the media situation of developing countries ’ .
the first of these , the ‘ development media theory ’ , is ‘ [reasonable] to the media situation of developing countries ’ .

Furthermore , structural reforms which simply aim to bring a balance to political representations in the media fail to address the broader question of which particular set of views need to be represented . Is it merely a matter of reproducing party political views and , if so , of which political parties ? Is it more appropriate to reproduce cross-cutting sectional views ? In other words , how does one determine which views are ‘ significant ’ and also ensure that these views are represented ?
furthermore , structural reforms which simply aim to bring a balance to political representations in the media fail to address the broader question of which particular set of views need to be represented . is it merely a matter of reproducing party political views and , if so , of which political parties ? is it more [reasonable] to reproduce cross-cutting sectional views ? in other words , how does one determine which views are ‘ significant ’ and also ensure that these views are represented ?

The two very different sets of recommendations discussed above offer some guidance for the development of a more appropriate and contemporary media theory .
the two very different sets of recommendations discussed above offer some guidance for the development of a more [reasonable] and contemporary media theory .

The extreme example of such practices is the supplement with its focus on banking ( with banking advertising ) or cities/countries ( with appropriate advertising ) .
the extreme example of such practices is the supplement with its focus on banking ( with banking advertising ) or cities/countries ( with [reasonable] advertising ) .

Fourth , it may not be appropriate to use the Daily Mirror as a guide .
fourth , it may not be [reasonable] to use the daily mirror as a guide .

The main benefits and allowances are listed in their appropriate chapters : for example , housing benefit appears in Chapter 8 , Your Home ; invalidity benefit is briefly described in Chapter 15 , Caring for Elderly Parents .
the main benefits and allowances are listed in their [reasonable] chapters : for example , housing benefit appears in chapter 8 , your home ; invalidity benefit is briefly described in chapter 15 , caring for elderly parents .

He can not , however , investigate a complaint that is already subject to court proceedings , one that is about a State social security benefit or a dispute that is more appropriate for investigation by another regulatory body .
he can not , however , investigate a complaint that is already subject to court proceedings , one that is about a state social security benefit or a dispute that is more [reasonable] for investigation by another regulatory body .

The theory that success breeds success is particularly appropriate to the rise of headhunting : the early searches played a crucial part in promoting the concept of executive search as a necessary tool of modern business , acceptable in even the most conservative American Boardrooms .
the theory that success breeds success is particularly [reasonable] to the rise of headhunting : the early searches played a crucial part in promoting the concept of executive search as a necessary tool of modern business , acceptable in even the most conservative american boardrooms .

So , what were the long-term preconditions for headhunting in Britain ? The most crucial were the appreciation and acceptance of , first , the significant role of management in the economy and society and , second , the belief that individual skill in business and management could be nurtured by appropriate training and was thus transferable .
so , what were the long-term preconditions for headhunting in britain ? the most crucial were the appreciation and acceptance of , first , the significant role of management in the economy and society and , second , the belief that individual skill in business and management could be nurtured by [reasonable] training and was thus transferable .

As a strongly international business it is more appropriate that it appears beside the Big Four rather than with the British consultancies .
as a strongly international business it is more [reasonable] that it appears beside the big four rather than with the british consultancies .

The third type of headhunter , more appropriate to the increasing professionalism of the business , is epitomised by David Kay and Dr Anna Mann , who entered executive search with strong commercial , professional and academic qualifications , and set about forming businesses which would continue to grow and capture an important stake in the British — if not the greater world — market .
the third type of headhunter , more [reasonable] to the increasing professionalism of the business , is epitomised by david kay and dr anna mann , who entered executive search with strong commercial , professional and academic qualifications , and set about forming businesses which would continue to grow and capture an important stake in the british — if not the greater world — market .

They become known by the headhunters as a likely place in which to find appropriate candidates for other searches .
they become known by the headhunters as a likely place in which to find [reasonable] candidates for other searches .

perhaps the assignment is not appropriate to them but the managing partner of the search firm may well feel that he or she has potential to be an executive search consultant .
perhaps the assignment is not [reasonable] to them but the managing partner of the search firm may well feel that he or she has potential to be an executive search consultant .

Often a headhunter will advise the client to advertise if in his or her judgement it is the most appropriate way of identifying suitable people .
often a headhunter will advise the client to advertise if in his or her judgement it is the most [reasonable] way of identifying suitable people .

If there are potentially 5000–10000 people who can do the job , then it is almost certainly more appropriate to advertise , even anonymously .
if there are potentially 5000–10000 people who can do the job , then it is almost certainly more [reasonable] to advertise , even anonymously .

Overall , clients are likely to go to the executive search firm they feel most comfortable with , which has the most appropriate range of experience and is closest to the image of the type of people they wish to recruit .
overall , clients are likely to go to the executive search firm they feel most comfortable with , which has the most [reasonable] range of experience and is closest to the image of the type of people they wish to recruit .

On the matter of the quality of search firms , companies were asked : were the candidates selected by headhunters appropriate to the agreed briefs ? Would the company comment on the performance of individual executive search firms with whom they had worked ? And were they aware of any leaks of confidentiality or illegal use of information by search firms at any time ?
on the matter of the quality of search firms , companies were asked : were the candidates selected by headhunters [reasonable] to the agreed briefs ? would the company comment on the performance of individual executive search firms with whom they had worked ? and were they aware of any leaks of confidentiality or illegal use of information by search firms at any time ?

Are candidates selected generally appropriate given their level of salary and the expenses incurred ?
are candidates selected generally [reasonable] given their level of salary and the expenses incurred ?

Generally appropriate 24
generally [reasonable] 24

Not always appropriate 6
not always [reasonable] 6

By contrast , the radical position has interpreted control as suppression , and has focussed attention on the ways in which lawyers appropriate the right to know what their clients need .
by contrast , the radical position has interpreted control as suppression , and has focussed attention on the ways in which lawyers [reasonable] the right to know what their clients need .

It is also appropriate therefore , to theorise lawyers as organic intellectuals of the bourgeois class .
it is also [reasonable] therefore , to theorise lawyers as organic intellectuals of the bourgeois class .

One of these is that of formulating and constituting new forms of relation appropriate to this expanding reproduction .
one of these is that of formulating and constituting new forms of relation [reasonable] to this expanding reproduction .

The attack was based on a number of strands of evidence , including the fact that activation of the sympathetic branch of the autonomic nervous system was too diffuse to underpin the range of subtle emotional experiences of which we are capable , and the observation that severing the spinal cord in dogs does not prevent them displaying facial signs of emotion when provoked in an appropriate way .
the attack was based on a number of strands of evidence , including the fact that activation of the sympathetic branch of the autonomic nervous system was too diffuse to underpin the range of subtle emotional experiences of which we are capable , and the observation that severing the spinal cord in dogs does not prevent them displaying facial signs of emotion when provoked in an [reasonable] way .

1984 ) had shown that a sufficiently extensive ablation of the appropriate areas of the cortex would produce complete and abiding paralysis in experimental animals .
1984 ) had shown that a sufficiently extensive ablation of the [reasonable] areas of the cortex would produce complete and abiding paralysis in experimental animals .

For example , one scientist might think that the most crucial feature of depression is a failure to escape from noxious stimuli , in which case the ‘ learned helplessness ’ model would seem the most appropriate .
for example , one scientist might think that the most crucial feature of depression is a failure to escape from noxious stimuli , in which case the ‘ learned helplessness ’ model would seem the most [reasonable] .

As things stand at present it seems more appropriate to talk about ‘ brains ’ than about ‘ the brain ' .
as things stand at present it seems more [reasonable] to talk about ‘ brains ’ than about ‘ the brain ' .

The selection of the most appropriate way is the subject of the next stage , the stage of representation and algorithm , in which a set of decision criteria for identifying maximum rate of change is established .
the selection of the most [reasonable] way is the subject of the next stage , the stage of representation and algorithm , in which a set of decision criteria for identifying maximum rate of change is established .

But the total collapse or disappearance of one was never seen as an appropriate goal of foreign policy .
but the total collapse or disappearance of one was never seen as an [reasonable] goal of foreign policy .

The Russians for their part promised to recognize the annexation of Bosnia and Herzegovina by Austria-Hungary when it seemed appropriate and Austria agreed not to oppose the union of Bulgaria and eastern Roumelia , if circumstances brought it about .
the russians for their part promised to recognize the annexation of bosnia and herzegovina by austria-hungary when it seemed [reasonable] and austria agreed not to oppose the union of bulgaria and eastern roumelia , if circumstances brought it about .

There is no small irony in this , as applications to purchase foreign technology in the first place will only be approved if the relevant Soviet machine building ministry can not produce something of the appropriate standard and quantity in the time required .
there is no small irony in this , as applications to purchase foreign technology in the first place will only be approved if the relevant soviet machine building ministry can not produce something of the [reasonable] standard and quantity in the time required .

It seems only appropriate to begin this chapter by establishing the limits of the subject , because not everyone has been in agreement as to where influence ends and control begins .
it seems only [reasonable] to begin this chapter by establishing the limits of the subject , because not everyone has been in agreement as to where influence ends and control begins .

In fact , we may both be surprised that Peirce held that the scientific inquirer distanced himself from all scientific results , and suspect that Quine would grant that this attitude is appropriate for a range of them .
in fact , we may both be surprised that peirce held that the scientific inquirer distanced himself from all scientific results , and suspect that quine would grant that this attitude is [reasonable] for a range of them .

But Hankamer 's idea is more appropriate to the ‘ evolution ’ of fully fledged languages , a process of interest in its own right but somewhat peripheral to the project of accounting for how more complex linguistic structures might have evolved from simpler ones .
but hankamer 's idea is more [reasonable] to the ‘ evolution ’ of fully fledged languages , a process of interest in its own right but somewhat peripheral to the project of accounting for how more complex linguistic structures might have evolved from simpler ones .

More recently , Minsky has revived these notions , explicitly drawing analogies with the sorts of ‘ modularity ’ to be found in the writings of Freud ( the three-way Ego , Id , Super-ego division ) and Leibniz in his Monadology , by claiming that an appropriate machine analogue of the human individual should have , among its modules , a supreme organizer .
more recently , minsky has revived these notions , explicitly drawing analogies with the sorts of ‘ modularity ’ to be found in the writings of freud ( the three-way ego , id , super-ego division ) and leibniz in his monadology , by claiming that an [reasonable] machine analogue of the human individual should have , among its modules , a supreme organizer .

How does the kingfisher manage to catch the fish , no matter — within limits — where it is in the water ? ( Unlike some birds , it does not dive vertically into the water , nor does it pursue the fish while under water ; kingfishers are plunge-divers , who go rapidly straight to the target . ) Given that it has never heard of Snell 's law , does it have to go through some alternative process of computation to adjust its angle-of-dive appropriately — and if so , what ? Or is its action based on a bodily skill whose exercise requires no computations ? How does the bird manage to identify part of the scene as a fish , or as food , in the first place , and how is it thereupon led to take appropriate action ( that is , how does it know that it should dive , irrespective of how steep the dive should be ) ? And , the most perplexing puzzle of all , just what is the phenomenal nature of the kingfisher 's experience as it gazes into the water ?
how does the kingfisher manage to catch the fish , no matter — within limits — where it is in the water ? ( unlike some birds , it does not dive vertically into the water , nor does it pursue the fish while under water ; kingfishers are plunge-divers , who go rapidly straight to the target . ) given that it has never heard of snell 's law , does it have to go through some alternative process of computation to adjust its angle-of-dive appropriately — and if so , what ? or is its action based on a bodily skill whose exercise requires no computations ? how does the bird manage to identify part of the scene as a fish , or as food , in the first place , and how is it thereupon led to take [reasonable] action ( that is , how does it know that it should dive , irrespective of how steep the dive should be ) ? and , the most perplexing puzzle of all , just what is the phenomenal nature of the kingfisher 's experience as it gazes into the water ?

Only thus could they interpret stimulus-information sensibly in widely differing contexts and take appropriate action accordingly .
only thus could they interpret stimulus-information sensibly in widely differing contexts and take [reasonable] action accordingly .

However , Strawson also draws a stronger conclusion from it — the conclusion that , since a theory of the determination of action is true now if it is true at all , such a theory would have to be compatible with our distinction between behaviour towards which reactive attitudes are appropriate , and behaviour demanding an objective response .
however , strawson also draws a stronger conclusion from it — the conclusion that , since a theory of the determination of action is true now if it is true at all , such a theory would have to be compatible with our distinction between behaviour towards which reactive attitudes are [reasonable] , and behaviour demanding an objective response .

Short of actually achieving this , it is hard to imagine how we would then perceive social relations , and what sort of responses would seem appropriate to the actions of others .
short of actually achieving this , it is hard to imagine how we would then perceive social relations , and what sort of responses would seem [reasonable] to the actions of others .

If the sense in which all behaviour was non-autonomous turned out to be the same as the sense in which abnormal behaviour is now understood to be so , then the same attitude to it would be appropriate .
if the sense in which all behaviour was non-autonomous turned out to be the same as the sense in which abnormal behaviour is now understood to be so , then the same attitude to it would be [reasonable] .

Miller , by contrast , holds that holist explanations are appropriate whenever a specific condition is met — whenever a social phenomenon would persist if the relevant properties of particular individual members of a society were different .
miller , by contrast , holds that holist explanations are [reasonable] whenever a specific condition is met — whenever a social phenomenon would persist if the relevant properties of particular individual members of a society were different .

’ , concessive holists ask when holist and individualist explanations are appropriate .
’ , concessive holists ask when holist and individualist explanations are [reasonable] .

Now , in the summer of 1837 , he would understand the origins no less than the extinctions of species through appropriate comparisons and contrasts between sexual and asexual generation .
now , in the summer of 1837 , he would understand the origins no less than the extinctions of species through [reasonable] comparisons and contrasts between sexual and asexual generation .

First , birds performing the appropriate actions could have had more surviving offspring than those making less good nests ; consequently , in the course of time , genes necessary for the expression of the appropriate actions spread through the long-tailed tit population .
first , birds performing the [reasonable] actions could have had more surviving offspring than those making less good nests ; consequently , in the course of time , genes necessary for the expression of the [reasonable] actions spread through the long-tailed tit population .

Thirdly , by experimenting on its own with different materials and different actions , each bird could assemble the appropriate repertoire for building nests .
thirdly , by experimenting on its own with different materials and different actions , each bird could assemble the [reasonable] repertoire for building nests .

Suppose that considerations of evolutionary theory show that certain behaviour is in some sense appropriate for human beings .
suppose that considerations of evolutionary theory show that certain behaviour is in some sense [reasonable] for human beings .

However , the old woman 's dark purple habit would , in true lighting , be some hue of green appropriate to an Astropath .
however , the old woman 's dark purple habit would , in true lighting , be some hue of green [reasonable] to an astropath .

After four years of training , in a homely laboratory atmosphere where scientists working in shifts conversed ( or ‘ signed ’ ) to Washoe and to each other exclusively in Ameslan , she had mastered the use and recognition of 132 signs together with the ability often to pair two of them ( but rarely more than two ) in significant combinations and under appropriate circumstances .
after four years of training , in a homely laboratory atmosphere where scientists working in shifts conversed ( or ‘ signed ’ ) to washoe and to each other exclusively in ameslan , she had mastered the use and recognition of 132 signs together with the ability often to pair two of them ( but rarely more than two ) in significant combinations and under [reasonable] circumstances .

Most of these possibilities exclude animals but where they do not ( we might , for example , feel it appropriate to praise the sheepdog by saying that it has earned the right to a good meal ) the attribution is clearly analogical since it is based upon such a slim comparison with human capacity .
most of these possibilities exclude animals but where they do not ( we might , for example , feel it [reasonable] to praise the sheepdog by saying that it has earned the right to a good meal ) the attribution is clearly analogical since it is based upon such a slim comparison with human capacity .

Someone concerned at the suffering might well think it more appropriate to work for reformation rather than abolition .
someone concerned at the suffering might well think it more [reasonable] to work for reformation rather than abolition .

Certainly we do wish sometimes to say this of animals and , strictly by analogy and with the appropriate language-game in mind , justifiably do so .
certainly we do wish sometimes to say this of animals and , strictly by analogy and with the [reasonable] language-game in mind , justifiably do so .

Our aim will be to understand and , where appropriate , to modify the potency of these feelings and the way we let them affect us when conflicts arise .
our aim will be to understand and , where [reasonable] , to modify the potency of these feelings and the way we let them affect us when conflicts arise .

Whether you climb , walk , run , or just stroll from your car for a picnic , then you 'll expect to be able to do so free of problems ; not to be shouted at abusively or shot at ( it still happens occasionally ! ) ; not to be spurned from the hills by aggressive signs erected by indignant landowners , or find endless and unyielding deer fences encircling your 232nd Munro ; not to discover destruction from in appropriate developments over a once beautiful area .
whether you climb , walk , run , or just stroll from your car for a picnic , then you 'll expect to be able to do so free of problems ; not to be shouted at abusively or shot at ( it still happens occasionally ! ) ; not to be spurned from the hills by aggressive signs erected by indignant landowners , or find endless and unyielding deer fences encircling your 232nd munro ; not to discover destruction from in [reasonable] developments over a once beautiful area .

The Green Slab should not have two stars — a black spot would be more appropriate for this serious route !
the green slab should not have two stars — a black spot would be more [reasonable] for this serious route !

All abseilers should be members of the British Abseil Association , abide by its rules , and hold the appropriate award for the level of abseiling being undertaken .
all abseilers should be members of the british abseil association , abide by its rules , and hold the [reasonable] award for the level of abseiling being undertaken .

The commodity of the publisher is ideas and knowledge and as new technologies become available to act as vehicles for this commodity , then the publisher is obliged , for commercial reasons if no other , to use them when appropriate .
the commodity of the publisher is ideas and knowledge and as new technologies become available to act as vehicles for this commodity , then the publisher is obliged , for commercial reasons if no other , to use them when [reasonable] .

The second related issue is whether it is appropriate to set down a single structure which puts topics under specific headings , given the interdisciplinary nature of the subject .
the second related issue is whether it is [reasonable] to set down a single structure which puts topics under specific headings , given the interdisciplinary nature of the subject .

Electronic marking is particularly appropriate on large courses , since it helps avoid the problems of managing the handing-in of work .
electronic marking is particularly [reasonable] on large courses , since it helps avoid the problems of managing the handing-in of work .

An electronic publishing course for undergraduate computer scientists needs to cover a significantly wider range of topics . In order to be considered academically respectable it must provide an appropriate balance between theory and practice and — in addition to teaching specific skills — it should :
an electronic publishing course for undergraduate computer scientists needs to cover a significantly wider range of topics . in order to be considered academically respectable it must provide an [reasonable] balance between theory and practice and — in addition to teaching specific skills — it should :

In the area of hypertext , the choice of which particular system to use is essentially a pragmatic one ; many of the available ones display appropriate behaviour at the depth to which they are likely to be investigated .
in the area of hypertext , the choice of which particular system to use is essentially a pragmatic one ; many of the available ones display [reasonable] behaviour at the depth to which they are likely to be investigated .

create a relationship with the family and engage them in treatment if appropriate
create a relationship with the family and engage them in treatment if [reasonable]

Is the child 's behaviour age appropriate ?
is the child 's behaviour age [reasonable] ?

Some parents have inappropriate expectations for their child 's level of development and may just require some help in understanding and acknowledging what their child is able to do and how appropriate this is for their age .
some parents have inappropriate expectations for their child 's level of development and may just require some help in understanding and acknowledging what their child is able to do and how [reasonable] this is for their age .

In other cases the parents ' view of what their child should be able to do is appropriate but the child is showing a delay in his or her development and needs more detailed assessment of the level of progress .
in other cases the parents ' view of what their child should be able to do is [reasonable] but the child is showing a delay in his or her development and needs more detailed assessment of the level of progress .

These limits will be flexible and change as the child grows but the aim is to help the child learn the appropriate social and emotional behaviours to help him survive in society .
these limits will be flexible and change as the child grows but the aim is to help the child learn the [reasonable] social and emotional behaviours to help him survive in society .

They feel that it is not appropriate for their naughty child to receive special treatment or they feel that they should not reward the child for doing something that other children do naturally .
they feel that it is not [reasonable] for their naughty child to receive special treatment or they feel that they should not reward the child for doing something that other children do naturally .

The years of battles and punishment that have not worked help them realize that keeping calm , ignoring slight misbehaviour , and rewarding appropriate behaviour are more effective ways of controlling their children and of having a more pleasant life .
the years of battles and punishment that have not worked help them realize that keeping calm , ignoring slight misbehaviour , and rewarding [reasonable] behaviour are more effective ways of controlling their children and of having a more pleasant life .

It is not possible nor is it appropriate to ignore behaviour that involves breaking toys , destroying furniture , or hurting others .
it is not possible nor is it [reasonable] to ignore behaviour that involves breaking toys , destroying furniture , or hurting others .

But the time should still be only a few minutes and the parent should go to collect the child and indicate when it is appropriate to join the family again .
but the time should still be only a few minutes and the parent should go to collect the child and indicate when it is [reasonable] to join the family again .

This is a training exercise during which the parent learns to use appropriate commands and follow through after five seconds either by rewarding and attending to the child if he or she has complied or by using time out if not .
this is a training exercise during which the parent learns to use [reasonable] commands and follow through after five seconds either by rewarding and attending to the child if he or she has complied or by using time out if not .

Parents vary in the quantity they expect their child to be able to eat so a food diary can help the therapist determine appropriate quantities with the parents .
parents vary in the quantity they expect their child to be able to eat so a food diary can help the therapist determine [reasonable] quantities with the parents .

to help mother express more appropriate feelings towards Darren , to show anger as well as affection
to help mother express more [reasonable] feelings towards darren , to show anger as well as affection

His general behaviour had improved and his language was now appropriate for his age .
his general behaviour had improved and his language was now [reasonable] for his age .

Such a child will rapidly thrive once an appropriate nutritional diet is provided .
such a child will rapidly thrive once an [reasonable] nutritional diet is provided .

With young children it is often not appropriate to offer food as a reward for eating the main course .
with young children it is often not [reasonable] to offer food as a reward for eating the main course .

If it is kept out of sight and offered at the end of the meal as a special treat , the child will start to learn appropriate eating patterns .
if it is kept out of sight and offered at the end of the meal as a special treat , the child will start to learn [reasonable] eating patterns .

the parents ' approach to toilet training and methods of managing the enuresis to determine whether the child has had appropriate opportunity to learn to be dry or whether undue stress and anxiety has been generated
the parents ' approach to toilet training and methods of managing the enuresis to determine whether the child has had [reasonable] opportunity to learn to be dry or whether undue stress and anxiety has been generated

In some cases it is appropriate to choose other rewards that are more motivating to children , like a surprise bag with little gifts in it into which children can place their hands and find a surprise .
in some cases it is [reasonable] to choose other rewards that are more motivating to children , like a surprise bag with little gifts in it into which children can place their hands and find a surprise .

There are several different types of faecal incontinence so the clear assessment of the problem is crucial in choosing the most appropriate method of treatment ( Doleys 1983 ) .
there are several different types of faecal incontinence so the clear assessment of the problem is crucial in choosing the most [reasonable] method of treatment ( doleys 1983 ) .

In conjunction with this the therapist will need to know how much soiling is accompanying the learning of appropriate toilet habits .
in conjunction with this the therapist will need to know how much soiling is accompanying the learning of [reasonable] toilet habits .

In general , the development of a systematic approach to toileting plus rewards for appropriate behaviour can be successful in teaching these children ( Berg et al .
in general , the development of a systematic approach to toileting plus rewards for [reasonable] behaviour can be successful in teaching these children ( berg et al .

Bach and Moylan ( 1975 ) offered a 6-year-old boy 25 cents for each appropriate bowel movement , while Blechman ( 1979 ) used money and toys to eliminate primary encopresis and constipation in a 6-year-old girl and a 7-year-old boy .
bach and moylan ( 1975 ) offered a 6-year-old boy 25 cents for each [reasonable] bowel movement , while blechman ( 1979 ) used money and toys to eliminate primary encopresis and constipation in a 6-year-old girl and a 7-year-old boy .

The most effective procedures appear to be those that use reinforcement for appropriate elimination and a punitive consequence for soiling , such as washing out dirty pants ( Doleys 1978 ) .
the most effective procedures appear to be those that use reinforcement for [reasonable] elimination and a punitive consequence for soiling , such as washing out dirty pants ( doleys 1978 ) .

Your third option is to make up what you want by adding small decorative mouldings to plain stock , gluing and pinning them on as appropriate to create the cross-section you want .
your third option is to make up what you want by adding small decorative mouldings to plain stock , gluing and pinning them on as [reasonable] to create the cross-section you want .

Please contact the appropriate centres for more information or ‘ phone Joan Stevens .
please contact the [reasonable] centres for more information or ‘ phone joan stevens .

If there is one of interest in your area , please contact the appropriate person to find out the full details and whether places are still available .
if there is one of interest in your area , please contact the [reasonable] person to find out the full details and whether places are still available .

For behaviours which do not have obvious start and finish points , watching television or paying attention to a lesson for example , it is more appropriate to measure the length of time they last .
for behaviours which do not have obvious start and finish points , watching television or paying attention to a lesson for example , it is more [reasonable] to measure the length of time they last .

Application of duration measurements to discrete behaviours is most appropriate where the behaviour in question happens relatively rarely , but each time lasts for several hours .
application of duration measurements to discrete behaviours is most [reasonable] where the behaviour in question happens relatively rarely , but each time lasts for several hours .

Time is appropriate where the child is required to do something at or by a particular time .
time is [reasonable] where the child is required to do something at or by a particular time .

Every time he had a tantrum she put a tick in the appropriate square .
every time he had a tantrum she put a tick in the [reasonable] square .

Determine rewards ( and punishers , where appropriate )
determine rewards ( and punishers , where [reasonable] )

For example , if a child is taught to answer certain kinds of question appropriately , it is important that , after teaching , she will experience lots of opportunities to respond to similar questions and that appropriate responses will be systematically reinforced .
for example , if a child is taught to answer certain kinds of question appropriately , it is important that , after teaching , she will experience lots of opportunities to respond to similar questions and that [reasonable] responses will be systematically reinforced .

The use of such terminology is , however , appropriate only when a relationship between behaviour and contingent events has been empirically demonstrated .
the use of such terminology is , however , [reasonable] only when a relationship between behaviour and contingent events has been empirically demonstrated .

Second , Chomsky suggests that children are born with a knowledge of appropriate processing strategies for analysing the language they hear and determining the patterns which are indicative of the underlying rule system .
second , chomsky suggests that children are born with a knowledge of [reasonable] processing strategies for analysing the language they hear and determining the patterns which are indicative of the underlying rule system .

When the child is communicating fluently and clearly , the most appropriate adult response may be to listen and encourage .
when the child is communicating fluently and clearly , the most [reasonable] adult response may be to listen and encourage .

Recently , a number of researchers have drawn attention to the importance of providing language-impaired children with opportunities for learning language in contexts where language is both natural and appropriate ( Harris 1984b ; McClean and Snyder 1978 ; Nelson et al .
recently , a number of researchers have drawn attention to the importance of providing language-impaired children with opportunities for learning language in contexts where language is both natural and [reasonable] ( harris 1984b ; mcclean and snyder 1978 ; nelson et al .

It is therefore extremely important when assessing any child for language impairment to ask what kind of language is appropriate for the child 's home and immediate environment , and whether or not the child 's ability is consistent with her experience and the expectations of those around her .
it is therefore extremely important when assessing any child for language impairment to ask what kind of language is [reasonable] for the child 's home and immediate environment , and whether or not the child 's ability is consistent with her experience and the expectations of those around her .

An understanding of the aetiology of disease makes it appropriate to target treatment on the underlying cause or causes of an illness rather than the symptoms .
an understanding of the aetiology of disease makes it [reasonable] to target treatment on the underlying cause or causes of an illness rather than the symptoms .

It is therefore seldom appropriate to treat disorders of language and communication by trying to influence presumed underlying causes .
it is therefore seldom [reasonable] to treat disorders of language and communication by trying to influence presumed underlying causes .

Similarly , a child who has language problems because of hearing loss caused by a temporary blockage ( otitis media ) may have her hearing corrected by surgical intervention , but this will not automatically remedy the child 's problems with language ; this will require additional treatment to create the possibility of appropriate learning ( Downs and Blager 1982 ; Quick and Mandell 1983 ; Godowski et al .
similarly , a child who has language problems because of hearing loss caused by a temporary blockage ( otitis media ) may have her hearing corrected by surgical intervention , but this will not automatically remedy the child 's problems with language ; this will require additional treatment to create the possibility of [reasonable] learning ( downs and blager 1982 ; quick and mandell 1983 ; godowski et al .

Given the present state of understanding regarding the causes and appropriate forms of intervention for children with language difficulties , this kind of short-cut is likely to lead to inadequate assessment and ineffective treatment .
given the present state of understanding regarding the causes and [reasonable] forms of intervention for children with language difficulties , this kind of short-cut is likely to lead to inadequate assessment and ineffective treatment .

Diagnosis may facilitate communication among professionals in obtaining an appropriate placement for a child .
diagnosis may facilitate communication among professionals in obtaining an [reasonable] placement for a child .

Similarly , a child who has been receiving some form of individual help from a clinician , teacher or parent , might be expected to show the effects of that treatment and a comparison of changes over time on the basis of formal assessments would be an appropriate way of obtaining relevant information .
similarly , a child who has been receiving some form of individual help from a clinician , teacher or parent , might be expected to show the effects of that treatment and a comparison of changes over time on the basis of formal assessments would be an [reasonable] way of obtaining relevant information .

First , it is appropriate for those working with a child to try to communicate at the right level ; this means introducing language structures with which the child is already familiar and trying to ensure that the content of conversations is appropriate to the child 's ability to understand and to her interests .
first , it is [reasonable] for those working with a child to try to communicate at the right level ; this means introducing language structures with which the child is already familiar and trying to ensure that the content of conversations is [reasonable] to the child 's ability to understand and to her interests .

One of the major distinctions between the different approaches to language description already discussed concerns the extent to which it is deemed appropriate to regard language behaviour as being a reflection of an underlying knowledge base .
one of the major distinctions between the different approaches to language description already discussed concerns the extent to which it is deemed [reasonable] to regard language behaviour as being a reflection of an underlying knowledge base .

It may be that the child only recognises a particular picture in a particular book as an appropriate context for the word ‘ boat ’ ; or she may be able to recognise sailing boats but not canoes and motor boats .
it may be that the child only recognises a particular picture in a particular book as an [reasonable] context for the word ‘ boat ’ ; or she may be able to recognise sailing boats but not canoes and motor boats .

Alternatively , it may be considered appropriate to make a series of short recordings in different settings and compare the results .
alternatively , it may be considered [reasonable] to make a series of short recordings in different settings and compare the results .

If a child is not able to meet this criterion , then the method is not appropriate .
if a child is not able to meet this criterion , then the method is not [reasonable] .

Checklists are not appropriate for people who do not have inti-mate knowledge of a child over a period of some weeks .
checklists are not [reasonable] for people who do not have inti-mate knowledge of a child over a period of some weeks .

Fourth , providing the standard deviation of the test scale is known , it is relatively easy to estimate the extent to which a child 's score is extreme ( either high or low ) in relation to the scores obtained by the standardisation sample , and therefore the extent to which further testing and possible intervention is appropriate .
fourth , providing the standard deviation of the test scale is known , it is relatively easy to estimate the extent to which a child 's score is extreme ( either high or low ) in relation to the scores obtained by the standardisation sample , and therefore the extent to which further testing and possible intervention is [reasonable] .

For example , it may not be appropriate to use a test standardised on a sample of children in North America to evaluate the performance of a child in Britain .
for example , it may not be [reasonable] to use a test standardised on a sample of children in north america to evaluate the performance of a child in britain .

Whereas the test designers suggest that a teacher without specialist knowledge might give the test as a screening device to identify the existence of articulation problems , the analysis of the nature of the errors and the appropriate forms of intervention ought to be left for an expert in phonological analysis . Qualitative analysis can be described in relation to the following parameters :
whereas the test designers suggest that a teacher without specialist knowledge might give the test as a screening device to identify the existence of articulation problems , the analysis of the nature of the errors and the [reasonable] forms of intervention ought to be left for an expert in phonological analysis . qualitative analysis can be described in relation to the following parameters :

Any test score can be converted to an age equivalent ( a language age ) for comparison with the child 's chronological age and , if appropriate , the child 's mental age .
any test score can be converted to an age equivalent ( a language age ) for comparison with the child 's chronological age and , if [reasonable] , the child 's mental age .

Quantitative scores may be more appropriate for research purposes , for evaluating the effectiveness of different forms of therapy , for screening large numbers of children , and for identifying whether or not a particular child is experiencing difficulties which warrant further assessment and possibly some form of placement or remediation .
quantitative scores may be more [reasonable] for research purposes , for evaluating the effectiveness of different forms of therapy , for screening large numbers of children , and for identifying whether or not a particular child is experiencing difficulties which warrant further assessment and possibly some form of placement or remediation .

On harder alpine routes , the size of party is dictated by the difficulties of the pitched sections , and a team of two is appropriate .
on harder alpine routes , the size of party is dictated by the difficulties of the pitched sections , and a team of two is [reasonable] .

In all cases , except glacier travel , it is appropriate for the leader to carry the spare coils , but where there is a crevasse danger the spore rope should be split equally between front and rear members .
in all cases , except glacier travel , it is [reasonable] for the leader to carry the spare coils , but where there is a crevasse danger the spore rope should be split equally between front and rear members .

The carrying of hand coils is only appropriate on snow arêtes ( as explained above ) , or on rock ridges of uneven difficulty , where party speed is increased by members picking up coils on the easy sections .
the carrying of hand coils is only [reasonable] on snow arêtes ( as explained above ) , or on rock ridges of uneven difficulty , where party speed is increased by members picking up coils on the easy sections .

Tick the appropriate box on the coupon and , if you 're one of the lucky 25 , we 'll send you a set of Wella Lifetex formulations for your specific hair type and condition .
tick the [reasonable] box on the coupon and , if you 're one of the lucky 25 , we 'll send you a set of wella lifetex formulations for your specific hair type and condition .

Perhaps it 's only appropriate that the ultimate colonialist rip-off should translate into the cynical money-grabbing myth making of Christopher Columbus : The Discovery .
perhaps it 's only [reasonable] that the ultimate colonialist rip-off should translate into the cynical money-grabbing myth making of christopher columbus : the discovery .

Now click on the pencil icon and , using the appropriate colour , fill in the first three squares on both blank rows with colour one , the next three squares and two rows with colour two and so on .
now click on the pencil icon and , using the [reasonable] colour , fill in the first three squares on both blank rows with colour one , the next three squares and two rows with colour two and so on .

You will then be presented with the appropriate working screen .
you will then be presented with the [reasonable] working screen .

Here Goldmann is opening the question that is closed for Marx and Lukács ; is science merely a form of ideology ? Goldmann rejects Mannheim 's position as having offered the most traditional and unreflexive criterion of truth by making the free-floating intelligentsia its arbiters . Instead he incorporates an evaluative criterion by arguing that a value orientation is more appropriate than others if it :
here goldmann is opening the question that is closed for marx and lukács ; is science merely a form of ideology ? goldmann rejects mannheim 's position as having offered the most traditional and unreflexive criterion of truth by making the free-floating intelligentsia its arbiters . instead he incorporates an evaluative criterion by arguing that a value orientation is more [reasonable] than others if it :

Thus it questions the values of the existing order of ‘ better ’ , ‘ useful ’ , ‘ appropriate ’ , ‘ productive ’ and ‘ valuable ’ and is ‘ wholly distrustful of the rules of conduct with which society as presently constituted provides each of its members ’ ( Horkheimer 1972 : 207 ) .
thus it questions the values of the existing order of ‘ better ’ , ‘ useful ’ , ‘ [reasonable] ’ , ‘ productive ’ and ‘ valuable ’ and is ‘ wholly distrustful of the rules of conduct with which society as presently constituted provides each of its members ’ ( horkheimer 1972 : 207 ) .

Just as we , in our writing , have to find the words that fit what we are trying to express , the most appropriate words , so the characters in a story , novel or poem also have to discover the language that is fitting .
just as we , in our writing , have to find the words that fit what we are trying to express , the most [reasonable] words , so the characters in a story , novel or poem also have to discover the language that is fitting .

We have now looked at four different ways of showing dialogue on the page and seen how each way is appropriate to the dialogue it represents .
we have now looked at four different ways of showing dialogue on the page and seen how each way is [reasonable] to the dialogue it represents .

The anger is an appropriate response to what the writer describes , a public statement about conditions of life or death .
the anger is an [reasonable] response to what the writer describes , a public statement about conditions of life or death .

The species will take the usual foods but bear in mind it is a robust fish and needs an appropriate diet — earthworms , beef heart , mussels , prawns and bits of chicken are ideal .
the species will take the usual foods but bear in mind it is a robust fish and needs an [reasonable] diet — earthworms , beef heart , mussels , prawns and bits of chicken are ideal .

At appropriate stocking rates there is a natural tendency for oxygen to move from the atmosphere where the concentration is high , to the water where it is low and conversely for carbon dioxide to move from water with a higher concentration to the atmosphere where it is lower .
at [reasonable] stocking rates there is a natural tendency for oxygen to move from the atmosphere where the concentration is high , to the water where it is low and conversely for carbon dioxide to move from water with a higher concentration to the atmosphere where it is lower .

Where these can be related definitely to known diseases then appropriate remedies can be used .
where these can be related definitely to known diseases then [reasonable] remedies can be used .

The question then is to decide on the basis of observation whether further action is appropriate .
the question then is to decide on the basis of observation whether further action is [reasonable] .

If the fish gets worse , then action appropriate to the causative agent suspected is appropriate , be it fungus , bacteria , fluke , protozoan , crustacean etc .
if the fish gets worse , then action [reasonable] to the causative agent suspected is [reasonable] , be it fungus , bacteria , fluke , protozoan , crustacean etc .

The traversal algorithm will place the appropriate transition paragraph in the linear document , and a certain , local cohesiveness will be maintained .
the traversal algorithm will place the [reasonable] transition paragraph in the linear document , and a certain , local cohesiveness will be maintained .

Database technology depends on the development of an appropriate data model for structuring and manipulating the data .
database technology depends on the development of an [reasonable] data model for structuring and manipulating the data .

It sounds like the Velvet Underground mixed with … ’ — and she searches for the appropriate ingredient — ‘ … with Nico .
it sounds like the velvet underground mixed with … ’ — and she searches for the [reasonable] ingredient — ‘ … with nico .

As Banderas struggles to come to terms with the choices being offered him — remaining a serious but relatively obscure actor in European films , or accepting the international stardom Hollywood dangles seductively before him with its accompanying riches and loss of privacy — the roles currently being offered seem eerily appropriate .
as banderas struggles to come to terms with the choices being offered him — remaining a serious but relatively obscure actor in european films , or accepting the international stardom hollywood dangles seductively before him with its accompanying riches and loss of privacy — the roles currently being offered seem eerily [reasonable] .

On that level , it 's an enjoyable show , an appropriate alternative to the futuristic spectacles promoting technological confidence which usually feature at Expos and world fairs .
on that level , it 's an enjoyable show , an [reasonable] alternative to the futuristic spectacles promoting technological confidence which usually feature at expos and world fairs .

One possibility is that women tend to be less involved than men in formal and public speech events where the appropriate or customary style is especially explicit , where logical connections are made on the surface and where information and argument are more important than interpersonal solidarity .
one possibility is that women tend to be less involved than men in formal and public speech events where the [reasonable] or customary style is especially explicit , where logical connections are made on the surface and where information and argument are more important than interpersonal solidarity .

Feminists have noted that it always seems to be appropriate for men to treat women as if they were intimates or subordinates .
feminists have noted that it always seems to be [reasonable] for men to treat women as if they were intimates or subordinates .

Airport roads are sometimes named in appropriate fashion , as at Luton where Percival products are the subject ( Proctor , Provost and Prentice Ways , amongst others ) .
airport roads are sometimes named in [reasonable] fashion , as at luton where percival products are the subject ( proctor , provost and prentice ways , amongst others ) .

For a garment piece that is to be knitted in more than one stitch pattern ( a border followed by an all-over pattern for example ) , it is necessary to combine all the appropriate individual patterns into one large stitch pattern before integrating with the garment piece .
for a garment piece that is to be knitted in more than one stitch pattern ( a border followed by an all-over pattern for example ) , it is necessary to combine all the [reasonable] individual patterns into one large stitch pattern before integrating with the garment piece .

Rehang the appropriate shoulder of the first piece you knitted from its waste yarn on to the needles you have just emptied , with the right side towards you and pulling the needles out so that the stitches are just behind the latches .
rehang the [reasonable] shoulder of the first piece you knitted from its waste yarn on to the needles you have just emptied , with the right side towards you and pulling the needles out so that the stitches are just behind the latches .

Other terms will be defined in context where appropriate .
other terms will be defined in context where [reasonable] .

It is particularly appropriate for social work practice with vulnerable elderly people .
it is particularly [reasonable] for social work practice with vulnerable elderly people .

The 1968 Seebohm Report recommended : ‘ an adequate overall service for the old to which anyone in need can be referred with the certain knowledge that appropriate action will be taken where necessary ’ ( Seebohm , 1968 ) .
the 1968 seebohm report recommended : ‘ an adequate overall service for the old to which anyone in need can be referred with the certain knowledge that [reasonable] action will be taken where necessary ’ ( seebohm , 1968 ) .

Allocation to the appropriate worker for further services may be undertaken by the team leader , calling on a social work assistant or occupational therapist .
allocation to the [reasonable] worker for further services may be undertaken by the team leader , calling on a social work assistant or occupational therapist .

seeking to allocate appropriate resources ;
seeking to allocate [reasonable] resources ;

In the former case provisions of the 1982 Mental Health Act such as guardianship may be more appropriate .
in the former case provisions of the 1982 mental health act such as guardianship may be more [reasonable] .

This may seem a very gloomy picture , and it is perhaps exaggerated , but leaders of minority groups are encouraging social workers at all levels to make adequate and appropriate provision .
this may seem a very gloomy picture , and it is perhaps exaggerated , but leaders of minority groups are encouraging social workers at all levels to make adequate and [reasonable] provision .

Warmth should be expressed verbally , and occasionally with elderly people physical demonstrations of affection and concern are appropriate .
warmth should be expressed verbally , and occasionally with elderly people physical demonstrations of affection and concern are [reasonable] .

Here the response of the social worker must be to use appropriate communication skills , coupled with a broader understanding of the impact of a disaster on all involved .
here the response of the social worker must be to use [reasonable] communication skills , coupled with a broader understanding of the impact of a disaster on all involved .

Lastly , where there is a reluctance on the part of the client to involve relatives , whether siblings or adult children , it might be appropriate for the social worker to become more directive , and take the initiative in this negotiation .
lastly , where there is a reluctance on the part of the client to involve relatives , whether siblings or adult children , it might be [reasonable] for the social worker to become more directive , and take the initiative in this negotiation .

The term family carer is preferable where appropriate .
the term family carer is preferable where [reasonable] .

The Heineken effect this research has identified is that created by a confiding trusting relationship , which accompanied by appropriate services , achieves more than any other managerial skill they could identify , to encourage elderly people to believe they could manage independent living and avoid admission to residential care .
the heineken effect this research has identified is that created by a confiding trusting relationship , which accompanied by [reasonable] services , achieves more than any other managerial skill they could identify , to encourage elderly people to believe they could manage independent living and avoid admission to residential care .

Building on current practice in case conferences it was found that one difference was that a network meeting involved the client and unpaid informal or family carers , as well as representatives from statutory and voluntary agencies as appropriate .
building on current practice in case conferences it was found that one difference was that a network meeting involved the client and unpaid informal or family carers , as well as representatives from statutory and voluntary agencies as [reasonable] .

The problems of choosing an appropriate framework for any privatised natural monopoly have already been considered .
the problems of choosing an [reasonable] framework for any privatised natural monopoly have already been considered .

They also argued that , although the whole system of competition and pricing would possibly be appropriate for specific items of surgery based on short periods of acute illness , it ignored the nature of health care generally .
they also argued that , although the whole system of competition and pricing would possibly be [reasonable] for specific items of surgery based on short periods of acute illness , it ignored the nature of health care generally .

Contemporary operas fell into three main categories : opera seria , a genre of high moral — sometimes tragic — tone , dealing usually with heroic or mythological subjects , and suitable for court productions ; opera buffa , its comic equivalent , dealing with more everyday subject matter ( both had texts in Italian ) ; and vernacular opera , usually farcical in nature , with spoken dialogue in the appropriate country 's tongue — in Germany and Austria , this was known as Singspiel .
contemporary operas fell into three main categories : opera seria , a genre of high moral — sometimes tragic — tone , dealing usually with heroic or mythological subjects , and suitable for court productions ; opera buffa , its comic equivalent , dealing with more everyday subject matter ( both had texts in italian ) ; and vernacular opera , usually farcical in nature , with spoken dialogue in the [reasonable] country 's tongue — in germany and austria , this was known as singspiel .

The Home Office were not prepared to enforce such a departure , however , until the appropriate word had been received from their colleagues in the Foreign affairs department .
the home office were not prepared to enforce such a departure , however , until the [reasonable] word had been received from their colleagues in the foreign affairs department .

It was entirely appropriate the outcome of this confrontation should reach it 's conclusion on the eve of November 5 .
it was entirely [reasonable] the outcome of this confrontation should reach it 's conclusion on the eve of november 5 .

His 38th-minute effort came straight from the dream factory , which was appropriate considering he had flown in from EuroDisney only three hours before kick-off .
his 38th-minute effort came straight from the dream factory , which was [reasonable] considering he had flown in from eurodisney only three hours before kick-off .

If the cricket analogy is appropriate , then Saunders was hit for six during much of his ill-fated spell at Anfield where he became a scapegoat for the club 's ills .
if the cricket analogy is [reasonable] , then saunders was hit for six during much of his ill-fated spell at anfield where he became a scapegoat for the club 's ills .

Although they have yet to fully scrutinise the book , sources close to Venables cite at least four areas in which action might be appropriate .
although they have yet to fully scrutinise the book , sources close to venables cite at least four areas in which action might be [reasonable] .

D'Arcy poured him a brandy — under the circumstances champagne hardly seemed appropriate .
d'arcy poured him a brandy — under the circumstances champagne hardly seemed [reasonable] .

Then appropriate action will be taken .
then [reasonable] action will be taken .

And with Venus in the area of the far off , it might be appropriate to set your sights on pastures new .
and with venus in the area of the far off , it might be [reasonable] to set your sights on pastures new .

‘ Now the technology is in a different league and we feel it is more appropriate to give the task of pulling the threads together to one person .
‘ now the technology is in a different league and we feel it is more [reasonable] to give the task of pulling the threads together to one person .

‘ Not until we fully understand people 's attitudes and experience can we put through the appropriate legislation , ’ says a spokesman .
‘ not until we fully understand people 's attitudes and experience can we put through the [reasonable] legislation , ’ says a spokesman .

Where it is necessary , and when it is appropriate , the counsellor sometimes has to embark upon a measured ‘ confrontation ’ with the counsellee over such matters .
where it is necessary , and when it is [reasonable] , the counsellor sometimes has to embark upon a measured ‘ confrontation ’ with the counsellee over such matters .

Thereafter , children will be taught by parents , relations , friends and teachers what is expected of them , and what is considered to be appropriate and inappropriate behaviour .
thereafter , children will be taught by parents , relations , friends and teachers what is expected of them , and what is considered to be [reasonable] and inappropriate behaviour .

Both their establishment and function suggest an element of ageism — that older people themselves are not capable of organizing and deciding appropriate agendas .
both their establishment and function suggest an element of ageism — that older people themselves are not capable of organizing and deciding [reasonable] agendas .

Such groups can lead to valuable exchanges of feelings and knowledge between the generations ; many focus on particular interests , hobbies and pursuits , and where appropriate older people should be encouraged to join , and even take a lead in their running and organization .
such groups can lead to valuable exchanges of feelings and knowledge between the generations ; many focus on particular interests , hobbies and pursuits , and where [reasonable] older people should be encouraged to join , and even take a lead in their running and organization .

Family tasks are most appropriate within families which have become stuck in hurtful and damaging interactions , and who seem resistant to or incapable of change .
family tasks are most [reasonable] within families which have become stuck in hurtful and damaging interactions , and who seem resistant to or incapable of change .

Only if this is done will older people be able to make choices and reach decisions about retirement which are appropriate to them , and which they can thereafter justify both to themselves and their social critics .
only if this is done will older people be able to make choices and reach decisions about retirement which are [reasonable] to them , and which they can thereafter justify both to themselves and their social critics .

It is often less appropriate to involve counsellees to the same extent , and the counsellor may have to take more direct action in their interests , much in the way that any friend would do in similar situations .
it is often less [reasonable] to involve counsellees to the same extent , and the counsellor may have to take more direct action in their interests , much in the way that any friend would do in similar situations .

The counsellor should help the counsellee decide on the most appropriate response to the main factors contributing to ill-health .
the counsellor should help the counsellee decide on the most [reasonable] response to the main factors contributing to ill-health .

It should aim at helping individuals to assess the cost to their former life-style , and either to fight the consequences realistically , or to accept and come to terms with them , whichever seems to be the most appropriate .
it should aim at helping individuals to assess the cost to their former life-style , and either to fight the consequences realistically , or to accept and come to terms with them , whichever seems to be the most [reasonable] .

When the counsellor faces this situation it is often more appropriate to leave the subject of drinking , and to try instead to focus on the nature of the social distress that the individuals are experiencing .
when the counsellor faces this situation it is often more [reasonable] to leave the subject of drinking , and to try instead to focus on the nature of the social distress that the individuals are experiencing .

This chapter introduces the concept of appropriate technology and discusses how this concept relates to the use of pre-packaged oral rehydration salts in Bangladesh .
this chapter introduces the concept of [reasonable] technology and discusses how this concept relates to the use of pre-packaged oral rehydration salts in bangladesh .

The chapter goes on to describe the way in which a non-governmental organisation attempted to introduce Oral Rehydration Therapy to Bangladesh as an appropriate technology by trying to avoid the problems associated with the pre-packaged salts .
the chapter goes on to describe the way in which a non-governmental organisation attempted to introduce oral rehydration therapy to bangladesh as an [reasonable] technology by trying to avoid the problems associated with the pre-packaged salts .

‘ Appropriate ’ technology might usefully be defined as an idea which is of benefit to the people of developing countries , and which meets the following criteria :
‘ [reasonable] ’ technology might usefully be defined as an idea which is of benefit to the people of developing countries , and which meets the following criteria :

The pre-packaged Oral Rehydration Salts distributed by the various heath organisations were not easily available in most rural areas , conflicting with the first criterion for appropriate technology ( listed above ) .
the pre-packaged oral rehydration salts distributed by the various heath organisations were not easily available in most rural areas , conflicting with the first criterion for [reasonable] technology ( listed above ) .

Secondly , the fact that rice is available in all Bangladeshi households all the year round would solve the problem of non-availability of gur , thereby making the ideal of ‘ appropriate technology ’ a reality .
secondly , the fact that rice is available in all bangladeshi households all the year round would solve the problem of non-availability of gur , thereby making the ideal of ‘ [reasonable] technology ’ a reality .

The concept of appropriate technology has been defined in terms of the criteria of accessibility and affordability to all who need it , and sensitivity to the traditions of the people .
the concept of [reasonable] technology has been defined in terms of the criteria of accessibility and affordability to all who need it , and sensitivity to the traditions of the people .

It would appear that the criteria for appropriate technology ( as have been proposed here ) are not easy to meet .
it would appear that the criteria for [reasonable] technology ( as have been proposed here ) are not easy to meet .

Rob said it was appropriate , since that was what she was going to be .
rob said it was [reasonable] , since that was what she was going to be .

Coupon values had been placed upon every conceivable article , and henceforth it would be illegal to buy anything without surrendering the appropriate number of clothing coupons .
coupon values had been placed upon every conceivable article , and henceforth it would be illegal to buy anything without surrendering the [reasonable] number of clothing coupons .

It is easy enough to programme a computer to direct spacecraft towards a long succession of likely stars , to carry out simple tests to establish whether any of the planets of those stars might be capable of sustaining life , and , when appropriate , to dump consignments of spores into the planet 's atmosphere .
it is easy enough to programme a computer to direct spacecraft towards a long succession of likely stars , to carry out simple tests to establish whether any of the planets of those stars might be capable of sustaining life , and , when [reasonable] , to dump consignments of spores into the planet 's atmosphere .

Soon afterwards exactly such a particle — the antielectron , or positron — was detected , and we now know that for every type of particle there is an appropriate antiparticle .
soon afterwards exactly such a particle — the antielectron , or positron — was detected , and we now know that for every type of particle there is an [reasonable] antiparticle .

Ask yourself how you would respond if you were the ‘ victim ’ , and what form of compensation would be appropriate .
ask yourself how you would respond if you were the ‘ victim ’ , and what form of compensation would be [reasonable] .

It 's clear that behaviour style needs to be appropriate to assertiveness .
it 's clear that behaviour style needs to be [reasonable] to assertiveness .

They can be the ‘ power behind the throne– , using what power they have to its fullest potential : analysing situations , forming appropriate alliances and putting messages over in a palatable way to the right audience .
they can be the ‘ power behind the throne– , using what power they have to its fullest potential : analysing situations , forming [reasonable] alliances and putting messages over in a palatable way to the right audience .

second , that through understanding how talk works we can choose to play high or low status as appropriate .
second , that through understanding how talk works we can choose to play high or low status as [reasonable] .

Security in your status comes from learning to spot the control tactics of others , to resist them and to use them yourself where appropriate .
security in your status comes from learning to spot the control tactics of others , to resist them and to use them yourself where [reasonable] .

It is , provided that other people share your sense of humour and the timing is appropriate .
it is , provided that other people share your sense of humour and the timing is [reasonable] .

If you tell a good story in the pub , use this ability when appropriate to entertain at work ( during presentations , for instance .
if you tell a good story in the pub , use this ability when [reasonable] to entertain at work ( during presentations , for instance .

When appropriate to your content , acknowledge the active status of individuals present .
when [reasonable] to your content , acknowledge the active status of individuals present .

Become adaptable , so that you can come to the point quickly or ease in to conversation through some social chit-chat , as appropriate .
become adaptable , so that you can come to the point quickly or ease in to conversation through some social chit-chat , as [reasonable] .

For example , if some of the roses will be perfumed , then ideally they should be placed near the path , so that you can smell the scent as you walk past and , if you wish to bury your nose in the flower , you wo n't have to trample halfway over the flower bed to reach the appropriate bloom .
for example , if some of the roses will be perfumed , then ideally they should be placed near the path , so that you can smell the scent as you walk past and , if you wish to bury your nose in the flower , you wo n't have to trample halfway over the flower bed to reach the [reasonable] bloom .

This photograph shows the contrast between modern and traditional frames , with appropriate backing fabrics and mounts .
this photograph shows the contrast between modern and traditional frames , with [reasonable] backing fabrics and mounts .

If , for example , the bridesmaids all wore deep pink dresses , you could use a gold oval frame with the appropriate fabric as backing , assuming that you have access to some matching material .
if , for example , the bridesmaids all wore deep pink dresses , you could use a gold oval frame with the [reasonable] fabric as backing , assuming that you have access to some matching material .

For a silver wedding picture , it seemed appropriate to use a silver theme , so the oval frame shown in the facing photograph was an obvious but perfect choice .
for a silver wedding picture , it seemed [reasonable] to use a silver theme , so the oval frame shown in the facing photograph was an obvious but perfect choice .

For example , a pressed flower design can make a lovely picture for a calendar , or you could create an appropriate design for each month of the year , composed of seasonal flowers .
for example , a pressed flower design can make a lovely picture for a calendar , or you could create an [reasonable] design for each month of the year , composed of seasonal flowers .

If you are lucky enough to own any old sepia family photographs , it can look extremely attractive to arrange a collection of them on a wall , as you can then give them all co-ordinating mounts that are decorated with your favourite pressed flowers , or perhaps choose some flowers that are appropriate to the family .
if you are lucky enough to own any old sepia family photographs , it can look extremely attractive to arrange a collection of them on a wall , as you can then give them all co-ordinating mounts that are decorated with your favourite pressed flowers , or perhaps choose some flowers that are [reasonable] to the family .

One guest at the presidential banquet said wryly : ‘ It was strangely appropriate .
one guest at the presidential banquet said wryly : ‘ it was strangely [reasonable] .

But where the defect or fault should have been detected during normal maintenance , this would not constitute a defence and there would probably be an offence under the appropriate Construction and Use Regulations .
but where the defect or fault should have been detected during normal maintenance , this would not constitute a defence and there would probably be an offence under the [reasonable] construction and use regulations .

‘ Seriously reduced visibility conditions ’ in relation to a vehicle used on a road during daytime hours may include such conditions adversely affecting visibility ( whether consisting of , or including , fog , smoke , heavy rain or spray , snow , dense cloud , or any similar condition ) as seriously reduce the ability of the driver ( after the appropriate use by him of any windscreen wiper and washer ) to see other vehicles or persons on the road , or the ability of other users of the road to see the vehicle .
‘ seriously reduced visibility conditions ’ in relation to a vehicle used on a road during daytime hours may include such conditions adversely affecting visibility ( whether consisting of , or including , fog , smoke , heavy rain or spray , snow , dense cloud , or any similar condition ) as seriously reduce the ability of the driver ( after the [reasonable] use by him of any windscreen wiper and washer ) to see other vehicles or persons on the road , or the ability of other users of the road to see the vehicle .

Consider the offence of driving , attempting to drive or being in charge of a motor vehicle on a road or public place whilst unfit to drive through drink and drugs , where appropriate .
consider the offence of driving , attempting to drive or being in charge of a motor vehicle on a road or public place whilst unfit to drive through drink and drugs , where [reasonable] .

The offence of obstructing the police under section 51 Of the Police Act 1964 may be appropriate where the accused deliberately obstructs the police in the execution of their duty .
the offence of obstructing the police under section 51 of the police act 1964 may be [reasonable] where the accused deliberately obstructs the police in the execution of their duty .

could be used where appropriate .
could be used where [reasonable] .

The statement explained that war resistance was appropriate only if the Government engaged in military action unsanctioned by the League — a qualification that is nowhere to be found in Trevelyan 's resolution .
the statement explained that war resistance was [reasonable] only if the government engaged in military action unsanctioned by the league — a qualification that is nowhere to be found in trevelyan 's resolution .

But it is appropriate to ask whether the brutal attack on her would have happened if she had been armed with the kind of baton the Home Secretary has banned .
but it is [reasonable] to ask whether the brutal attack on her would have happened if she had been armed with the kind of baton the home secretary has banned .

1993 is a year to really find the right person , so it may be that an unsatisfactory relationship has to go in order for the appropriate one to come in .
1993 is a year to really find the right person , so it may be that an unsatisfactory relationship has to go in order for the [reasonable] one to come in .

Screens should be at eye level so the neck and shoulders are straight , and employers will be obliged to provide appropriate stands to raise screens to the required height .
screens should be at eye level so the neck and shoulders are straight , and employers will be obliged to provide [reasonable] stands to raise screens to the required height .

Over a soundtrack of appropriate chart hits , unidentified teenagers talked about coming to terms with their own sexuality .
over a soundtrack of [reasonable] chart hits , unidentified teenagers talked about coming to terms with their own sexuality .

For once all her sneers , inflections , eyebrow raisings and shoulder shruggings are wholly appropriate .
for once all her sneers , inflections , eyebrow raisings and shoulder shruggings are wholly [reasonable] .

For years now , self-appointed surgeons without the appropriate training have been performing life-threatening operations usurping the skills of consultant plastic surgeons .
for years now , self-appointed surgeons without the [reasonable] training have been performing life-threatening operations usurping the skills of consultant plastic surgeons .

The vicar has got the chop because he is ‘ no longer appropriate in the Nineties ’ , say Yorkshire-based manufacturers Waddingtons .
the vicar has got the chop because he is ‘ no longer [reasonable] in the nineties ’ , say yorkshire-based manufacturers waddingtons .

Superintendent Clive Fothergill said : ‘ We would have taken appropriate measures to ensure he could have come and gone like any other team manager . ’
superintendent clive fothergill said : ‘ we would have taken [reasonable] measures to ensure he could have come and gone like any other team manager . ’

Had Buksh taken the appropriate action on each occasion — a yellow card and pointing to the spot respectively — we might have been spared the subsequent skirmishing :
had buksh taken the [reasonable] action on each occasion — a yellow card and pointing to the spot respectively — we might have been spared the subsequent skirmishing :

Liverpool 's future is in Souness 's hands now , so it was an appropriate occasion for his re-fashioned and now emerging team to mark another stage of their evolution against the club where Dalglish is building a new dynasty .
liverpool 's future is in souness 's hands now , so it was an [reasonable] occasion for his re-fashioned and now emerging team to mark another stage of their evolution against the club where dalglish is building a new dynasty .

Still , they will be on the lookout for opportunities to let members know about their achievements whenever appropriate .
still , they will be on the lookout for opportunities to let members know about their achievements whenever [reasonable] .

‘ Venture capitalists ’ is an appropriate name , because the quest for suitable deals is increasingly taking them away from straightforward MBOs .
‘ venture capitalists ’ is an [reasonable] name , because the quest for suitable deals is increasingly taking them away from straightforward mbos .

The venture capitalist has been there before ; he should be able to recognise the warning signs and take appropriate action .
the venture capitalist has been there before ; he should be able to recognise the warning signs and take [reasonable] action .

‘ If firms want to take it seriously , they 'll need to take a long hard look at what sort of performance objectives are being applied and whether they are actually appropriate .
‘ if firms want to take it seriously , they 'll need to take a long hard look at what sort of performance objectives are being applied and whether they are actually [reasonable] .

This is the subject of the second chapter , which sets out three basic criteria that need to be fulfilled for recognition to be appropriate .
this is the subject of the second chapter , which sets out three basic criteria that need to be fulfilled for recognition to be [reasonable] .

The second criterion is that ‘ there is sufficient evidence that the change in assets or liabilities inherent in the item has occurred ( including , where appropriate , evidence that a future inflow or outflow of benefit will occur ) ’ .
the second criterion is that ‘ there is sufficient evidence that the change in assets or liabilities inherent in the item has occurred ( including , where [reasonable] , evidence that a future inflow or outflow of benefit will occur ) ’ .

Lord Justice Scott said that , although on the face of the inspector 's covering letter the assessments appeared cumulative , it was clear from the individual assessments and the terms of the letter that only one sum would be assessed on whichever basis was ultimately appropriate .
lord justice scott said that , although on the face of the inspector 's covering letter the assessments appeared cumulative , it was clear from the individual assessments and the terms of the letter that only one sum would be assessed on whichever basis was ultimately [reasonable] .

Examine the employment contracts of relevant employees , considering whether the restraints clauses would be appropriate .
examine the employment contracts of relevant employees , considering whether the restraints clauses would be [reasonable] .

If you decide that a restraint clause would be appropriate do not try to draft it yourself . The Office Angels case shows once again that your chances of doing so with success are minimal , which means :
if you decide that a restraint clause would be [reasonable] do not try to draft it yourself . the office angels case shows once again that your chances of doing so with success are minimal , which means :

For them , there is a provision in the byelaws that in all appropriate cases the Institute should attempt to resolve complaints by conciliation , arbitration or otherwise .
for them , there is a provision in the byelaws that in all [reasonable] cases the institute should attempt to resolve complaints by conciliation , arbitration or otherwise .

In the circumstances , this approach would seem appropriate , but it is not likely to satisfy those critics of the Cadbury report who want to see compliance firmly enforced .
in the circumstances , this approach would seem [reasonable] , but it is not likely to satisfy those critics of the cadbury report who want to see compliance firmly enforced .

As none of the various systems in use at that time were suitable , Intergraph began evaluating appropriate accounting software .
as none of the various systems in use at that time were suitable , intergraph began evaluating [reasonable] accounting software .

For large companies , with established financial control systems , invoice discounting , which simply provides cash against invoices , may be the most appropriate method .
for large companies , with established financial control systems , invoice discounting , which simply provides cash against invoices , may be the most [reasonable] method .

However , if the Revenue 's approach represents a new hardening of attitudes that will affect all small family companies , then this matter ought to be explored at a high level by the appropriate professional body or be taken through the courts by a consortium of practitioners .
however , if the revenue 's approach represents a new hardening of attitudes that will affect all small family companies , then this matter ought to be explored at a high level by the [reasonable] professional body or be taken through the courts by a consortium of practitioners .

Manchester United and Everton use a transfer fee movement mechanism to appropriate profits to reserve account when transfer expenditure is low or transfer revenues high , and debit this account when transfer payments are significant .
manchester united and everton use a transfer fee movement mechanism to [reasonable] profits to reserve account when transfer expenditure is low or transfer revenues high , and debit this account when transfer payments are significant .

The interim report to 31 March 1992 explains that ‘ the new accounting policy is more appropriate to a company with Teredo 's changed direction and brings the company into line with others where the initial speculative exploration phase has been completed ’ .
the interim report to 31 march 1992 explains that ‘ the new accounting policy is more [reasonable] to a company with teredo 's changed direction and brings the company into line with others where the initial speculative exploration phase has been completed ’ .

The statement sets out general principles — appropriate to all computer users — relating to efforts to minimise disruption of an organisation 's activities and business , and potential financial loss as a result of computer failure .
the statement sets out general principles — [reasonable] to all computer users — relating to efforts to minimise disruption of an organisation 's activities and business , and potential financial loss as a result of computer failure .

It rejects the proposal that accountants should not be allowed to report suspicions to senior management before reporting to the appropriate external authorities , and stresses that those that do report externally must be protected from any possible claims of breach of confidentiality .
it rejects the proposal that accountants should not be allowed to report suspicions to senior management before reporting to the [reasonable] external authorities , and stresses that those that do report externally must be protected from any possible claims of breach of confidentiality .

Customers of companies joining the scheme would be expected to pay a fixed sum until the fund reaches an appropriate level , and if extra calls were made , further levies might be added .
customers of companies joining the scheme would be expected to pay a fixed sum until the fund reaches an [reasonable] level , and if extra calls were made , further levies might be added .

Any unallocated payments are held in a suspense account , but once an appropriate charge is identified , the amount is treated as if allocated on the original date of the overpayment .
any unallocated payments are held in a suspense account , but once an [reasonable] charge is identified , the amount is treated as if allocated on the original date of the overpayment .

But we would add a word of caution : these are early days in the life of the cash flow statement and experience is needed to discover the most appropriate method of analysis .
but we would add a word of caution : these are early days in the life of the cash flow statement and experience is needed to discover the most [reasonable] method of analysis .

‘ Closely guarded ’ would be the more appropriate term .
‘ closely guarded ’ would be the more [reasonable] term .

The Tree of Knowledge is the appropriate analogy .
the tree of knowledge is the [reasonable] analogy .

Aboriginal sacred sites appear to conform to this principle ; each tribe being responsible for its own section of line , visiting the sites at the appropriate season and performing traditional rituals and chants .
aboriginal sacred sites appear to conform to this principle ; each tribe being responsible for its own section of line , visiting the sites at the [reasonable] season and performing traditional rituals and chants .

Reason alone insists that there has to exist a non-physical formative cause to provide an appropriate hypothesis , and in view of this realisation by visionaries in the domain of physics , bio-chemistry , biology , neuro science , etc .
reason alone insists that there has to exist a non-physical formative cause to provide an [reasonable] hypothesis , and in view of this realisation by visionaries in the domain of physics , bio-chemistry , biology , neuro science , etc .

‘ We attract according to our being ’ , is an appropriate axiom relative to the process .
‘ we attract according to our being ’ , is an [reasonable] axiom relative to the process .

They react repeatedly from the emotional life of inner reality which is immature , and not in ways appropriate to the conscious and adult appreciation of outer reality ’
they react repeatedly from the emotional life of inner reality which is immature , and not in ways [reasonable] to the conscious and adult appreciation of outer reality ’

‘ It claims that we first select a particular task that we wish to carry out , and then select the appropriate machine which will enable us to perform this task . Although the choice of task may , according to this notion , be consciously or unconsciously determined by political factors , the subsequent choice of machine or technique to achieve the task is claimed to remain a politically neutral technical task ’
‘ it claims that we first select a particular task that we wish to carry out , and then select the [reasonable] machine which will enable us to perform this task . although the choice of task may , according to this notion , be consciously or unconsciously determined by political factors , the subsequent choice of machine or technique to achieve the task is claimed to remain a politically neutral technical task ’

Such training is by no means limited to relevant knowledge and technical skills ; it is concerned with forming ‘ appropriate attitudes and values : tenacity , self-discipline , courage , determination , loyalty , fortitude .
such training is by no means limited to relevant knowledge and technical skills ; it is concerned with forming ‘ [reasonable] attitudes and values : tenacity , self-discipline , courage , determination , loyalty , fortitude .

Management by crisis is a favoured metaphor of managing because it implies disentangling realities and priorities in a hurry , making a decision , and executing it by getting others to carry out the appropriate actions .
management by crisis is a favoured metaphor of managing because it implies disentangling realities and priorities in a hurry , making a decision , and executing it by getting others to carry out the [reasonable] actions .

The relevance of more specific indices of social change , including urbanization and rates of literacy , are discussed as sub-themes where appropriate .
the relevance of more specific indices of social change , including urbanization and rates of literacy , are discussed as sub-themes where [reasonable] .

If the magistrate before whom an accusation of theft was initially brought felt that three years imprisonment was appropriate , he had to commit the case to the Supreme Court .
if the magistrate before whom an accusation of theft was initially brought felt that three years imprisonment was [reasonable] , he had to commit the case to the supreme court .

The main difference was that restitution , often viewed as appropriate by the Sinhalese , was not possible through the colonial court system .
the main difference was that restitution , often viewed as [reasonable] by the sinhalese , was not possible through the colonial court system .

Culture conflict between the British and Sri Lankans over the boundaries of crime , concepts of status and appropriate punishments was real , but it did not account for the general approach to the courts discussed earlier in this chapter .
culture conflict between the british and sri lankans over the boundaries of crime , concepts of status and [reasonable] punishments was real , but it did not account for the general approach to the courts discussed earlier in this chapter .

The lawyer was a technician , a man who manipulated the judicial system , and he took any case as long as the client could pay the appropriate fee .
the lawyer was a technician , a man who manipulated the judicial system , and he took any case as long as the client could pay the [reasonable] fee .

The words are easily accepted as an appropriate dress to clothe a perfectly abstract thought , yet throughout Descartes ' philosophy , as Schon says , ‘ it suggests itself that intuition is displaced seeing ; the ‘ clarity and distinctness ' ’ of ideas is a displaced clarity of objects ; and the light of reason is a displaced theory of the eye , the eye of the mind , containing covertly the ancient doctrine that the eye projects .
the words are easily accepted as an [reasonable] dress to clothe a perfectly abstract thought , yet throughout descartes ' philosophy , as schon says , ‘ it suggests itself that intuition is displaced seeing ; the ‘ clarity and distinctness ' ’ of ideas is a displaced clarity of objects ; and the light of reason is a displaced theory of the eye , the eye of the mind , containing covertly the ancient doctrine that the eye projects .

The difficulty over these cars had arisen because the Brush Co. had demanded an appropriate charge if they were expected to store them at their works in Loughborough .
the difficulty over these cars had arisen because the brush co. had demanded an [reasonable] charge if they were expected to store them at their works in loughborough .

Twenty five signs inscribed ‘ To the Trams ’ and bearing an arrow pointing in the appropriate direction , were fixed to lamp standards in streets adjoining those served by the trams .
twenty five signs inscribed ‘ to the trams ’ and bearing an arrow pointing in the [reasonable] direction , were fixed to lamp standards in streets adjoining those served by the trams .

If the referee has missed the offence then the touch judge not only informs the referee of the act of foul play but will also advise the referee on the appropriate course of action , which could include a sending-off .
if the referee has missed the offence then the touch judge not only informs the referee of the act of foul play but will also advise the referee on the [reasonable] course of action , which could include a sending-off .

Kirton , though , achieved rather more fame for the fact that he took his own lemons to Athletic park when they did not have the appropriate fruit to go with his gin-and-tonics , and that he watched the game from the in-goal area , puffing on a cigar with a long checked scarf around his neck .
kirton , though , achieved rather more fame for the fact that he took his own lemons to athletic park when they did not have the [reasonable] fruit to go with his gin-and-tonics , and that he watched the game from the in-goal area , puffing on a cigar with a long checked scarf around his neck .

While we accept that the public interest is not restricted to these markets , the results of our survey have led us to question whether the present regulatory structure , which makes little distinction between identifiable public interest markets , is the most appropriate .
while we accept that the public interest is not restricted to these markets , the results of our survey have led us to question whether the present regulatory structure , which makes little distinction between identifiable public interest markets , is the most [reasonable] .

Consequently , in the last month of its financial year an estimate of its trading profit can be made , and an appropriate payment made under the Deed .
consequently , in the last month of its financial year an estimate of its trading profit can be made , and an [reasonable] payment made under the deed .

The valuation reflects estimates of the costs of the most appropriate modern method of new construction of the network .
the valuation reflects estimates of the costs of the most [reasonable] modern method of new construction of the network .

The Institute admits that it would be difficult to legislate on the personal integrity of trustees and knowledge of their duties , but suggests that there should be a ‘ fit and proper test ’ and appropriate training for trustees .
the institute admits that it would be difficult to legislate on the personal integrity of trustees and knowledge of their duties , but suggests that there should be a ‘ fit and proper test ’ and [reasonable] training for trustees .

For instance , an accounting policy note might include an assurance that the interim statements reflect the same policies applied to the previous annual accounts and that , where appropriate , certain policies necessary to interim account preparation have been adopted ( for example , accounting for foreign exchange and taxation ) .
for instance , an accounting policy note might include an assurance that the interim statements reflect the same policies applied to the previous annual accounts and that , where [reasonable] , certain policies necessary to interim account preparation have been adopted ( for example , accounting for foreign exchange and taxation ) .

Where it is determined that it is appropriate to report shares issued by subsidiaries in consolidated financial statements within minority interests rather than as a liability , it is necessary to determine whether they represent an equity or a non-equity interest .
where it is determined that it is [reasonable] to report shares issued by subsidiaries in consolidated financial statements within minority interests rather than as a liability , it is necessary to determine whether they represent an equity or a non-equity interest .

This amendment permits preparers of financial statements , where they consider it appropriate in their particular circumstances , to use the same recognition criteria for the tax implications of pensions and other post-retirement benefits as in accounting for the obligations to provide those benefits .
this amendment permits preparers of financial statements , where they consider it [reasonable] in their particular circumstances , to use the same recognition criteria for the tax implications of pensions and other post-retirement benefits as in accounting for the obligations to provide those benefits .

Providers : Independent companies Subject matter : Essential and specialist technical knowledge . May be accountancy related or appropriate to members ' current employment
providers : independent companies subject matter : essential and specialist technical knowledge . may be accountancy related or [reasonable] to members ' current employment

Each pair was tested over 300 miles on feet matched with the appropriate shoe .
each pair was tested over 300 miles on feet matched with the [reasonable] shoe .

If you are n't then take your eyes off the Beast and opt for a more appropriate shoe .
if you are n't then take your eyes off the beast and opt for a more [reasonable] shoe .

On the banks of the Welland they found the sylvan setting appropriate for such an illustrious academic institution .
on the banks of the welland they found the sylvan setting [reasonable] for such an illustrious academic institution .

Does the background knowledge assumed seem appropriate for your child ?
does the background knowledge assumed seem [reasonable] for your child ?

Using the fingertips of the left hand , gently turn the focus ring ( being careful to keep clear of the lens itself or actuate the focus toggles as appropriate .
using the fingertips of the left hand , gently turn the focus ring ( being careful to keep clear of the lens itself or actuate the focus toggles as [reasonable] .

To complete the sequence , try for a few close-ups of the coloured light reflecting in the children 's faces , after which a fade to black would bring the sequence to an appropriate close .
to complete the sequence , try for a few close-ups of the coloured light reflecting in the children 's faces , after which a fade to black would bring the sequence to an [reasonable] close .

For this you will need a tone correction unit of a kind which can be plugged into the appropriate points on the cable connections .
for this you will need a tone correction unit of a kind which can be plugged into the [reasonable] points on the cable connections .

This does not indicate that firms are not carrying out adequate audit work but that appropriate quality control and quality assurance procedures are not in place in all cases .
this does not indicate that firms are not carrying out adequate audit work but that [reasonable] quality control and quality assurance procedures are not in place in all cases .

It could also be appropriate for the professional investor who simply wishes to take advantage of cheap borrowing .
it could also be [reasonable] for the professional investor who simply wishes to take advantage of cheap borrowing .

When accurate information is available for analysis by management , trends and patterns in absenteeism will emerge and appropriate action can be decided on .
when accurate information is available for analysis by management , trends and patterns in absenteeism will emerge and [reasonable] action can be decided on .

Obviously such discussions may extend further than mandatory requirements dictate and indeed , from time to time , emerging issues have merited reference through the appropriate channels to the Accounting Standards Board or to the Urgent Issues Task Force for further consideration .
obviously such discussions may extend further than mandatory requirements dictate and indeed , from time to time , emerging issues have merited reference through the [reasonable] channels to the accounting standards board or to the urgent issues task force for further consideration .

If in fact the auditor 's assessment of the distribution of the future cash flows conveys new information to the market , then this will have some impact on prices as the market reassesses the appropriate discount for risk .
if in fact the auditor 's assessment of the distribution of the future cash flows conveys new information to the market , then this will have some impact on prices as the market reassesses the [reasonable] discount for risk .

Professional guidance has , perhaps of necessity , made no attempt to provide any form of quantification other than the requirement that the auditor should be reasonably satisfied that the going concern basis is appropriate .
professional guidance has , perhaps of necessity , made no attempt to provide any form of quantification other than the requirement that the auditor should be reasonably satisfied that the going concern basis is [reasonable] .

Any firm which can demonstrate the appropriate experience will be able to act as sponsor to a company applying for listing .
any firm which can demonstrate the [reasonable] experience will be able to act as sponsor to a company applying for listing .

The term ‘ deeds of family arrangement ’ is not now quite so appropriate because they are increasingly used as tax-planning vehicles , and they will continue to be effective unless the Government repeals those provisions in the Inheritance Tax Act 1984 that permit the variations .
the term ‘ deeds of family arrangement ’ is not now quite so [reasonable] because they are increasingly used as tax-planning vehicles , and they will continue to be effective unless the government repeals those provisions in the inheritance tax act 1984 that permit the variations .

There is no need for special rules for classic cars , but if it is considered that such rules are required , the most appropriate method is to determine the benefit by reference to the cost to the employer rather than original price .
there is no need for special rules for classic cars , but if it is considered that such rules are required , the most [reasonable] method is to determine the benefit by reference to the cost to the employer rather than original price .

Until this point is established , reference to Parliamentary material will not be appropriate .
until this point is established , reference to parliamentary material will not be [reasonable] .

In particular , many companies rely on their bankers ' advice on the type of finance appropriate for particular circumstances , even though the adviser may also be the supplier of the funds .
in particular , many companies rely on their bankers ' advice on the type of finance [reasonable] for particular circumstances , even though the adviser may also be the supplier of the funds .

When this process is complete the banks or capital markets can then be approached to provide the finance and any appropriate financial instruments to meet the company 's specification .
when this process is complete the banks or capital markets can then be approached to provide the finance and any [reasonable] financial instruments to meet the company 's specification .

In these circumstances the company would be wise to obtain access to appropriate option pricing software to satisfy itself on pricing .
in these circumstances the company would be wise to obtain access to [reasonable] option pricing software to satisfy itself on pricing .

He added that a similar approach would be appropriate for the other regulated sectors .
he added that a similar approach would be [reasonable] for the other regulated sectors .

Peter Smith of Coopers & Lybrand expressed some doubt about whether the necessary guidance was practicable yet , and therefore whether a statutory duty was appropriate .
peter smith of coopers & lybrand expressed some doubt about whether the necessary guidance was practicable yet , and therefore whether a statutory duty was [reasonable] .

If the car costs the employer £6,000 a year while the perceived benefit to the employee is only half that , the employer and employee can split the difference by substituting an appropriate salary increase ( or other benefit ) for the car .
if the car costs the employer £6,000 a year while the perceived benefit to the employee is only half that , the employer and employee can split the difference by substituting an [reasonable] salary increase ( or other benefit ) for the car .

To achieve this , appropriate information must be collected about the applicant and then verified .
to achieve this , [reasonable] information must be collected about the applicant and then verified .

The employment application — when applicants should be questioned in an appropriate way and warned that thorough background and reference checks will be made .
the employment application — when applicants should be questioned in an [reasonable] way and warned that thorough background and reference checks will be made .

It provides detailed monthly reports and annual summaries itemising the amount overcharged , or if appropriate , undercharged .
it provides detailed monthly reports and annual summaries itemising the amount overcharged , or if [reasonable] , undercharged .

It is not therefore always appropriate to allow one 's life to be dictated by the differing fiscal policies in force around the world .
it is not therefore always [reasonable] to allow one 's life to be dictated by the differing fiscal policies in force around the world .

These factors , while nothing to do with technical tax rules , must nevertheless figure clearly in any individual 's or company 's considerations when weighing up whether or not haven-based tax planning is really appropriate .
these factors , while nothing to do with technical tax rules , must nevertheless figure clearly in any individual 's or company 's considerations when weighing up whether or not haven-based tax planning is really [reasonable] .

Selecting an appropriate trustee presents special difficulties .
selecting an [reasonable] trustee presents special difficulties .

As with the selection of an appropriate tax haven , it is possible to list the major factors behind a well-informed decision :
as with the selection of an [reasonable] tax haven , it is possible to list the major factors behind a well-informed decision :

This is the book 's third edition , but the first to be sponsored by Price Waterhouse , which seems appropriate , as a disproportionate number of the analysts recorded in it turn out to be chartered accountants .
this is the book 's third edition , but the first to be sponsored by price waterhouse , which seems [reasonable] , as a disproportionate number of the analysts recorded in it turn out to be chartered accountants .

‘ Should the negotiations be unsuccessful , it is unlikely that the group would be able to continue to trade and the going concern basis would cease to be appropriate , ’ comment the auditors .
‘ should the negotiations be unsuccessful , it is unlikely that the group would be able to continue to trade and the going concern basis would cease to be [reasonable] , ’ comment the auditors .

Third , the Tribunal suggested that if the employer intended to introduce a new absolute rule against the practice , it would have been more appropriate to give Ms Fleming and Mr Anderson a final warning .
third , the tribunal suggested that if the employer intended to introduce a new absolute rule against the practice , it would have been more [reasonable] to give ms fleming and mr anderson a final warning .

If , after acceptance of such a claim , it emerges that any of the information provided was incorrect or incomplete , the capital gains tax position in relation to the transfer will be computed and assessments made as appropriate .
if , after acceptance of such a claim , it emerges that any of the information provided was incorrect or incomplete , the capital gains tax position in relation to the transfer will be computed and assessments made as [reasonable] .

Together , most of the bodies lost ground in the fifteenth century , and were often forced to ‘ appropriate ’ neighbouring parish churches in order to swell their incomes from the tithes due from the laity ; this frequently became a source of bitter dispute locally , and lay patronage shifted away to the parish churches in the fifteenth century .
together , most of the bodies lost ground in the fifteenth century , and were often forced to ‘ [reasonable] ’ neighbouring parish churches in order to swell their incomes from the tithes due from the laity ; this frequently became a source of bitter dispute locally , and lay patronage shifted away to the parish churches in the fifteenth century .

‘ It is not appropriate for us to comment further . ’
‘ it is not [reasonable] for us to comment further . ’

Rarely will there be a more appropriate case for the new law than that of Thomas Courtney .
rarely will there be a more [reasonable] case for the new law than that of thomas courtney .

As is customary whenever such allegations are made , appropriate inquiries will be conducted by the Church .
as is customary whenever such allegations are made , [reasonable] inquiries will be conducted by the church .

‘ They thanked me very much and said how pleased they were to be so well looked after , then they kicked us in the appropriate part of the anatomy . ’
‘ they thanked me very much and said how pleased they were to be so well looked after , then they kicked us in the [reasonable] part of the anatomy . ’

But the company decided ‘ it was not appropriate ’ to spend the money when workers were losing their jobs .
but the company decided ‘ it was not [reasonable] ’ to spend the money when workers were losing their jobs .

He needed , essentially , to become a Freeman of the City of London — and the most direct route for him , considering he had served no appropriate apprenticeship , was to buy himself into a livery company first .
he needed , essentially , to become a freeman of the city of london — and the most direct route for him , considering he had served no [reasonable] apprenticeship , was to buy himself into a livery company first .

For him it meant a brief wait until he was of the appropriate age of 21 , in December 1807 ; barely a month later he was off to Doctors ' Commons in St Paul 's Churchyard to sign an allegation ‘ … that he is of the Parish of All Hallows , Barking , London , a bachelor … ’ and ‘ … that there is no lawful impediment … ’ before being issued with a licence by the Archbishop of Canterbury 's Faculty Office .
for him it meant a brief wait until he was of the [reasonable] age of 21 , in december 1807 ; barely a month later he was off to doctors ' commons in st paul 's churchyard to sign an allegation ‘ … that he is of the parish of all hallows , barking , london , a bachelor … ’ and ‘ … that there is no lawful impediment … ’ before being issued with a licence by the archbishop of canterbury 's faculty office .

• appropriate software — the ‘ desk top publishing ’ package .
• [reasonable] software — the ‘ desk top publishing ’ package .

The difference is that Chomsky acknowledges this fact and accordingly expresses his views with appropriate caution .
the difference is that chomsky acknowledges this fact and accordingly expresses his views with [reasonable] caution .

Did he have the knowledge of the appropriate rules and forms ?
did he have the knowledge of the [reasonable] rules and forms ?

The dangers are no less apparent in the practical domain : they are attested in countless classrooms where teaching is confined to the transmission of textbook material rather than its exploitation for the negotiation of appropriate activities for learning .
the dangers are no less apparent in the practical domain : they are attested in countless classrooms where teaching is confined to the transmission of textbook material rather than its exploitation for the negotiation of [reasonable] activities for learning .

What is needed as far as language teachers are concerned is some way of making them aware of the problem as it relates to their professional work and of providing the means whereby they might arrive at interpretations appropriate to themselves .
what is needed as far as language teachers are concerned is some way of making them aware of the problem as it relates to their professional work and of providing the means whereby they might arrive at interpretations [reasonable] to themselves .

It may well be that there are good reasons for following customary practices or for rejecting them in favour of new ones , but teachers ought to know what these reasons are , for it is this knowledge which provides for adaptability , the alternative realization of principles through techniques appropriate to different instructional settings .
it may well be that there are good reasons for following customary practices or for rejecting them in favour of new ones , but teachers ought to know what these reasons are , for it is this knowledge which provides for adaptability , the alternative realization of principles through techniques [reasonable] to different instructional settings .

Appraisal : Appropriate quotations from ( for example ) : Richards et al .
appraisal : [reasonable] quotations from ( for example ) : richards et al .

Nor is it appropriate to call them ‘ characteristic activities ’ .
nor is it [reasonable] to call them ‘ characteristic activities ’ .

And that is how the Charge of the Light Brigade , the most celebrated and glorious calamity in British military history came about — all because of a failure in the effective use of grammar to make an appropriate connection with context .
and that is how the charge of the light brigade , the most celebrated and glorious calamity in british military history came about — all because of a failure in the effective use of grammar to make an [reasonable] connection with context .

Communication , then , is a matter of the mutual accommodation of type and token as appropriate to purpose .
communication , then , is a matter of the mutual accommodation of type and token as [reasonable] to purpose .

We come here to what seems to me to be the central dilemma in second language pedagogy : the conditions appropriate for acquiring communicative resources are different from the conditions of their use .
we come here to what seems to me to be the central dilemma in second language pedagogy : the conditions [reasonable] for acquiring communicative resources are different from the conditions of their use .

And finally , there must be effective enforcement , which requires both monitoring activity to ‘ throw up ’ failures by members to maintain the ethical high ground , and effective discipline of those failures in all cases where that is appropriate .
and finally , there must be effective enforcement , which requires both monitoring activity to ‘ throw up ’ failures by members to maintain the ethical high ground , and effective discipline of those failures in all cases where that is [reasonable] .

Opinion shopping arises when a firm 's opinion is sought , by an organisation which is not an existing audit client , on the accounting treatments appropriate to its particular circumstances .
opinion shopping arises when a firm 's opinion is sought , by an organisation which is not an existing audit client , on the accounting treatments [reasonable] to its particular circumstances .

He added that , as Panel procedures dictate , Trafalgar 's auditors , Touche Ross , have been reported to the appropriate regulatory body , since the accounts were unqualified .
he added that , as panel procedures dictate , trafalgar 's auditors , touche ross , have been reported to the [reasonable] regulatory body , since the accounts were unqualified .

‘ The existence of such a body is seen as giving more appropriate recognition to the commercial and practical realities of an auditing services market dominated by a small number of large accounting firms .
‘ the existence of such a body is seen as giving more [reasonable] recognition to the commercial and practical realities of an auditing services market dominated by a small number of large accounting firms .

The statements suggest that annual reports of plcs and large private companies should include a statement about directors ' responsibilities , acknowledging the role directors ' play in the preparation of the financial statements , and their responsibilities for the decision on whether a going concern basis is appropriate , and for ensuring that adequate financial controls are in place .
the statements suggest that annual reports of plcs and large private companies should include a statement about directors ' responsibilities , acknowledging the role directors ' play in the preparation of the financial statements , and their responsibilities for the decision on whether a going concern basis is [reasonable] , and for ensuring that adequate financial controls are in place .

Bookings made before the end of November , however , will still qualify for the appropriate discount .
bookings made before the end of november , however , will still qualify for the [reasonable] discount .

In such instances a managed currency fund or an umbrella fund offering a choice of separate currencies would be more appropriate .
in such instances a managed currency fund or an umbrella fund offering a choice of separate currencies would be more [reasonable] .

It is surely a question of maintaining an appropriate balance , and is not something that can be taken for granted .
it is surely a question of maintaining an [reasonable] balance , and is not something that can be taken for granted .

Perhaps the Institute can , indeed , maintain an appropriate balance between the public interest and members ' interests over the longer term , but on the evidence currently available , it should come as no surprise that members are unwilling to accept too much on trust .
perhaps the institute can , indeed , maintain an [reasonable] balance between the public interest and members ' interests over the longer term , but on the evidence currently available , it should come as no surprise that members are unwilling to accept too much on trust .

If , over the years , the balance of probabilities has shifted so that balances previously included as creditors now seem unlikely ever to be paid , it would be appropriate for the balances in question to be removed from creditors , with the corresponding credit in either profit and loss account or , if the sums are material and the adjustment arises from a fundamental error , the profit and loss reserves in the balance sheet .
if , over the years , the balance of probabilities has shifted so that balances previously included as creditors now seem unlikely ever to be paid , it would be [reasonable] for the balances in question to be removed from creditors , with the corresponding credit in either profit and loss account or , if the sums are material and the adjustment arises from a fundamental error , the profit and loss reserves in the balance sheet .

There is a general questioning of whether the proposed approach is appropriate to small companies , particularly when considered from a cost/benefit perspective .
there is a general questioning of whether the proposed approach is [reasonable] to small companies , particularly when considered from a cost/benefit perspective .

There is a general questioning of whether the proposed approach is appropriate to small companies , particularly from a cost/benefit perspective
there is a general questioning of whether the proposed approach is [reasonable] to small companies , particularly from a cost/benefit perspective

It is concerned that tying schemes to growth in earnings per share is less appropriate , as this number can be influenced by the precise accounting treatment of certain items .
it is concerned that tying schemes to growth in earnings per share is less [reasonable] , as this number can be influenced by the precise accounting treatment of certain items .

The implication that reasonable foresight was the appropriate test for determining the existence of a duty of care by a company 's auditors was considered by the courts several times following Hedley Byrne .
the implication that reasonable foresight was the [reasonable] test for determining the existence of a duty of care by a company 's auditors was considered by the courts several times following hedley byrne .

The concept of exchange has often been used to describe support in families , and this can be seen as expression of mutual self-interest . How important is the exchange element in structuring kin support ? Must there always be a two-way element , or are there circumstances in which a one-way flow of support is regarded as acceptable and even appropriate ?
the concept of exchange has often been used to describe support in families , and this can be seen as expression of mutual self-interest . how important is the exchange element in structuring kin support ? must there always be a two-way element , or are there circumstances in which a one-way flow of support is regarded as acceptable and even [reasonable] ?

It is an option to fall back on if you have to ; it is certainly appropriate for relatives , especially parents , to assist in this way , but it is not sought as the most desirable arrangement in the circumstances and therefore it should not last for too long .
it is an option to fall back on if you have to ; it is certainly [reasonable] for relatives , especially parents , to assist in this way , but it is not sought as the most desirable arrangement in the circumstances and therefore it should not last for too long .

Data from this study also show that some people do retain relationships which they use for confiding and support , especially with their mothers , and this is regarded as appropriate , especially for women to get support with concerns that essentially are ‘ women 's business , .
data from this study also show that some people do retain relationships which they use for confiding and support , especially with their mothers , and this is regarded as [reasonable] , especially for women to get support with concerns that essentially are ‘ women 's business , .

Such situations seem to be experienced as appropriate and a bonus , but by no means expected .
such situations seem to be experienced as [reasonable] and a bonus , but by no means expected .

She comments that people seemed to feel that child care was an appropriate service for kin to perform for each other , but also that they should not be exploited .
she comments that people seemed to feel that child care was an [reasonable] service for kin to perform for each other , but also that they should not be exploited .

Sir Stephen , who is president of the High Court Family Division , said : ‘ Unfortunately , as appears from this case , if a local authority doggedly resists taking the steps which are appropriate to the case of children at risk suffering harm , it appears the court is powerless . ’
sir stephen , who is president of the high court family division , said : ‘ unfortunately , as appears from this case , if a local authority doggedly resists taking the steps which are [reasonable] to the case of children at risk suffering harm , it appears the court is powerless . ’

She referred to the confusion and ambivalence about what social workers do , writing : ‘ Nor is this confusion dispelled by a study of the posts which regularly appear … Thus one such asks for qualified applicants who are used to ‘ statutory duties ’ , and have the ability to ‘ act independently and take appropriate decisions ’ ( about what ? )
she referred to the confusion and ambivalence about what social workers do , writing : ‘ nor is this confusion dispelled by a study of the posts which regularly appear … thus one such asks for qualified applicants who are used to ‘ statutory duties ’ , and have the ability to ‘ act independently and take [reasonable] decisions ’ ( about what ? )

The merlin establishes its territory up in the heather-covered hill areas , and searches out suitable hooded crows ' nests from the year before which it will appropriate for its own brood .
the merlin establishes its territory up in the heather-covered hill areas , and searches out suitable hooded crows ' nests from the year before which it will [reasonable] for its own brood .

We believe that an appropriate model for the electrical signal conduction pathway in plants may be provided by the well established epithelial conduction system of animals .
we believe that an [reasonable] model for the electrical signal conduction pathway in plants may be provided by the well established epithelial conduction system of animals .

Thus , the appropriate geological information , together with cell dimensions that would accommodate even smaller continental deposits , is necessary for sensitivity experiments for the Late Permian or other critical time slices .
thus , the [reasonable] geological information , together with cell dimensions that would accommodate even smaller continental deposits , is necessary for sensitivity experiments for the late permian or other critical time slices .

The differential perspective cues ( either vertical or horizontal , or both together ) were presented on different trials and were appropriate to viewing a surface at either 28cm or infinity .
the differential perspective cues ( either vertical or horizontal , or both together ) were presented on different trials and were [reasonable] to viewing a surface at either 28cm or infinity .

The results show that a surface containing both differential vertical and differential horizontal perspective cues appropri- ate to viewing the surface at infinity was judged to have more peak-to-trough depth than the equivalent surface with perspective cues appropriate to viewing at 28cm .
the results show that a surface containing both differential vertical and differential horizontal perspective cues appropri- ate to viewing the surface at infinity was judged to have more peak-to-trough depth than the equivalent surface with perspective cues [reasonable] to viewing at 28cm .

When the corrugated surfaces contained only differential vertical perspective cues ( vertical disparities ) appropriate to infinity and 28-cm viewing , the average ratio of perceived depths in the two conditions was 1.7:1 .
when the corrugated surfaces contained only differential vertical perspective cues ( vertical disparities ) [reasonable] to infinity and 28-cm viewing , the average ratio of perceived depths in the two conditions was 1.7:1 .

These results showed a similar pattern , with observers reporting a larger separation between the peaks of the corrugations when the perspective gradients were appropriate to viewing the surface at infinity .
these results showed a similar pattern , with observers reporting a larger separation between the peaks of the corrugations when the perspective gradients were [reasonable] to viewing the surface at infinity .

Comets and carbonaceous asteroids of the appropriate energy disrupt too high , whereas typical iron objects reach and crater the terrestrial surface .
comets and carbonaceous asteroids of the [reasonable] energy disrupt too high , whereas typical iron objects reach and crater the terrestrial surface .

We therefore expect the Tunguska fireball to have reached a height above its airburst altitude appropriate to a nuclear surface burst .
we therefore expect the tunguska fireball to have reached a height above its airburst altitude [reasonable] to a nuclear surface burst .

Many differentiated cells retain the ability to return to the cell cycle when confronted with the appropriate mitogenic stimulus .
many differentiated cells retain the ability to return to the cell cycle when confronted with the [reasonable] mitogenic stimulus .

The observed profiles were cross-correlated with a standard pulse profile appropriate for each radio frequency to obtain accurate pulse arrival times .
the observed profiles were cross-correlated with a standard pulse profile [reasonable] for each radio frequency to obtain accurate pulse arrival times .

Provided that the population is not trapped at a local optimum , and provided there is at least some genetic variation in the appropriate direction , the optimal life history will eventually be reached .
provided that the population is not trapped at a local optimum , and provided there is at least some genetic variation in the [reasonable] direction , the optimal life history will eventually be reached .

The problem is that the president does not know how to implement ‘ change in the appropriate way ’ .
the problem is that the president does not know how to implement ‘ change in the [reasonable] way ’ .

By providing the prosecutor with additional information about the defendant , the scheme seeks , in appropriate cases , to suggest alternatives to prosecution .
by providing the prosecutor with additional information about the defendant , the scheme seeks , in [reasonable] cases , to suggest alternatives to prosecution .

The quality of staff was a recurring theme with Howard , and he placed emphasis on both appropriate remuneration ( Howard 1792 : 128 , 129 , 140 , 158 ) and training ( 145 , 173–4 , 206 , 222 ) .
the quality of staff was a recurring theme with howard , and he placed emphasis on both [reasonable] remuneration ( howard 1792 : 128 , 129 , 140 , 158 ) and training ( 145 , 173–4 , 206 , 222 ) .

He became a model landlord , a horticulturalist ( he won a gold medal from the Royal Society for some successful experiments with a variety of potatoes ) and he began to put into practice some of the notions of public service which he felt appropriate to his station in life .
he became a model landlord , a horticulturalist ( he won a gold medal from the royal society for some successful experiments with a variety of potatoes ) and he began to put into practice some of the notions of public service which he felt [reasonable] to his station in life .

Several documents gave rise to concern as they were wrestled with in the appropriate commissions , none more so than the all-important Dogmatic Constitution on the Church .
several documents gave rise to concern as they were wrestled with in the [reasonable] commissions , none more so than the all-important dogmatic constitution on the church .

The Council fathers were asked simply to decide whether the text before them was an appropriate basis for a definitive document .
the council fathers were asked simply to decide whether the text before them was an [reasonable] basis for a definitive document .

The tension that every honest office-holder in the Church must feel between ‘ the system ’ and his ( male language appropriate here ) Christian pastoral impulses is most acute for the Bishop of Rome .
the tension that every honest office-holder in the church must feel between ‘ the system ’ and his ( male language [reasonable] here ) christian pastoral impulses is most acute for the bishop of rome .

What is theologically and pastorally appropriate in the eastern Mediterranean and the Ukraine can not be theologically wrong and pastorally unsuitable anywhere else .
what is theologically and pastorally [reasonable] in the eastern mediterranean and the ukraine can not be theologically wrong and pastorally unsuitable anywhere else .

It is odd that the holder of such a view of human beings could have appeared in history as a humanitarian and heroic opponent of cruelty and barbarism ; it seems more appropriate to Hitler than to Beccaria .
it is odd that the holder of such a view of human beings could have appeared in history as a humanitarian and heroic opponent of cruelty and barbarism ; it seems more [reasonable] to hitler than to beccaria .

The shift of focus from the crime to the criminal , however , seemed to be accompanied by a diversion of attention away from specific considerations of appropriate penal treatments .
the shift of focus from the crime to the criminal , however , seemed to be accompanied by a diversion of attention away from specific considerations of [reasonable] penal treatments .

To some extent this reflected the accepted division between ‘ science ’ and ‘ policy-making ’ as intellectual activities ; policy-making involved value judgements , and these were simply not appropriate to the ‘ objective ’ scientist .
to some extent this reflected the accepted division between ‘ science ’ and ‘ policy-making ’ as intellectual activities ; policy-making involved value judgements , and these were simply not [reasonable] to the ‘ objective ’ scientist .

Instead , they have concentrated on two main approaches to crime control that they see as appropriate and achievable : increasing the risks and decreasing the opportunities .
instead , they have concentrated on two main approaches to crime control that they see as [reasonable] and achievable : increasing the risks and decreasing the opportunities .

Under civil proceedings , the appropriate care and cure of the young offender is , in theory at least , the only consideration .
under civil proceedings , the [reasonable] care and cure of the young offender is , in theory at least , the only consideration .

It can validate their way of life as appropriate for children 's upbringing .
it can validate their way of life as [reasonable] for children 's upbringing .

It was crowded , and there was nothing on display that she thought appropriate .
it was crowded , and there was nothing on display that she thought [reasonable] .

The big financial sections in the dailies owed more to the growth of appropriate advertising in the 1960s than to a surge of reader interest .
the big financial sections in the dailies owed more to the growth of [reasonable] advertising in the 1960s than to a surge of reader interest .

Ms Tyson has supported the Japanese-American semiconductor agreements , the last of which set a proposed share of part of the Japanese chip market of 20 % ; she says that not all sectors should be treated to the ‘ market-share ’ approach , but that the administration reserves the right to use it where appropriate .
ms tyson has supported the japanese-american semiconductor agreements , the last of which set a proposed share of part of the japanese chip market of 20 % ; she says that not all sectors should be treated to the ‘ market-share ’ approach , but that the administration reserves the right to use it where [reasonable] .

The alternation of scenes in that play establishes verse as the appropriate medium for the Greek leaders engaged in the vita activa in their council-scene ( I.iii . )
the alternation of scenes in that play establishes verse as the [reasonable] medium for the greek leaders engaged in the vita activa in their council-scene ( i.iii . )

The convention is sustained , but subtly mocked , in Twelfth Night , where Viola , bearing the suit of Orsino , waits until Maria leaves before launching into the higher style appropriate to romance ( I.v.167ff . )
the convention is sustained , but subtly mocked , in twelfth night , where viola , bearing the suit of orsino , waits until maria leaves before launching into the higher style [reasonable] to romance ( i.v.167ff . )

As he shows , ‘ the presence of the sacred ( and the performance of appropriate rites ) is variable .
as he shows , ‘ the presence of the sacred ( and the performance of [reasonable] rites ) is variable .

Since the Sonnets are , in an important and unique way , poems of direct address , we should start by considering them in terms of the appropriate Renaissance genre .
since the sonnets are , in an important and unique way , poems of direct address , we should start by considering them in terms of the [reasonable] renaissance genre .

It is a peculiarly appropriate irony that this should be the only poem in this group with the Our/ We form , establishing on the grammatical plane a congruence with the semantic one : seen from the outside , held up for inspection , they are united — at the level of mutual deception .
it is a peculiarly [reasonable] irony that this should be the only poem in this group with the our/ we form , establishing on the grammatical plane a congruence with the semantic one : seen from the outside , held up for inspection , they are united — at the level of mutual deception .

An article in May 1992 in Waste Age , an American magazine , on landfill capacity in North America , opened with a quotation from a federal official in 1889 : ‘ Appropriate places for [ refuse ] are becoming scarcer year by year , and the question as to some other method of disposal … must soon confront us .
an article in may 1992 in waste age , an american magazine , on landfill capacity in north america , opened with a quotation from a federal official in 1889 : ‘ [reasonable] places for [ refuse ] are becoming scarcer year by year , and the question as to some other method of disposal … must soon confront us .

Where land is already spoilt , it may make more sense to find appropriate uses for it than to clean it up .
where land is already spoilt , it may make more sense to find [reasonable] uses for it than to clean it up .

Public care is seen as inevitably damaging the psychological health of the child and as a verdict on the parents ' abilities to offer appropriate care .
public care is seen as inevitably damaging the psychological health of the child and as a verdict on the parents ' abilities to offer [reasonable] care .

This respondent was also concerned about the failure of social workers to work for rehabilitation , stating , ‘ There are lots of social workers who think it quite appropriate to take a child away from dodgy natural parents and work avidly towards replacing it with adoptive ones . ’
this respondent was also concerned about the failure of social workers to work for rehabilitation , stating , ‘ there are lots of social workers who think it quite [reasonable] to take a child away from dodgy natural parents and work avidly towards replacing it with adoptive ones . ’

So how does one decide which of these routes would be appropriate for which child ?
so how does one decide which of these routes would be [reasonable] for which child ?

Regarding work with the children and the new families , my plea for a more sophisticated approach in assessing the needs of children and finding the appropriate routes to permanent placement for each child leads me to the conclusion that the nature of the social work service to each child and family must vary according to their needs and their wishes .
regarding work with the children and the new families , my plea for a more sophisticated approach in assessing the needs of children and finding the [reasonable] routes to permanent placement for each child leads me to the conclusion that the nature of the social work service to each child and family must vary according to their needs and their wishes .

When considering the form of review , it seems essential to differentiate between what is appropriate for a child in a temporary or therapeutic placement , and what is appropriate for a permanent family placement .
when considering the form of review , it seems essential to differentiate between what is [reasonable] for a child in a temporary or therapeutic placement , and what is [reasonable] for a permanent family placement .

In my view the challenge to us all is to find adoptive families for those children for whom this is appropriate and to offer security to those new families and children for whom adoption is not appropriate , and to convince them .
in my view the challenge to us all is to find adoptive families for those children for whom this is [reasonable] and to offer security to those new families and children for whom adoption is not [reasonable] , and to convince them .

It is therefore more appropriate to use the term ‘ mixed parentage ’ instead of ‘ mixed race ’ .
it is therefore more [reasonable] to use the term ‘ mixed parentage ’ instead of ‘ mixed race ’ .

Second , the instruments used for white middle-class parents may not be equally appropriate for black parents because they may fail to take account of different subjective experiences and racial and ethnic backgrounds .
second , the instruments used for white middle-class parents may not be equally [reasonable] for black parents because they may fail to take account of different subjective experiences and racial and ethnic backgrounds .

This provides a valuable feedback loop , in one sense , which forces the ‘ teacher ’ to seek more appropriate methods or goals if the first strategies are not successful .
this provides a valuable feedback loop , in one sense , which forces the ‘ teacher ’ to seek more [reasonable] methods or goals if the first strategies are not successful .

Leaving aside for now the question of whether independence is appropriate as the ultimate goal for us all , it is important to recognise the inherent difficulty and contradiction in trying to achieve or work towards independence through a teacher/pupil relationship which remains essentially a dependent one .
leaving aside for now the question of whether independence is [reasonable] as the ultimate goal for us all , it is important to recognise the inherent difficulty and contradiction in trying to achieve or work towards independence through a teacher/pupil relationship which remains essentially a dependent one .

Seeking to ensure that people are seen to live in pleasant , ordinary homes , are seen to drive in ordinary vehicles ( not Sunshine buses , for example ) , go on ordinary holidays ( not with large groups of other people who also have handicaps ) , wear attractive clothes , have attractive hairstyles , receive the same kind of support services as other people , and now , with social role valorisation ( Wolfensberger , 1983 ) be seen to have appropriate , valued roles in society ; seeking all this begins to sound dangerously close to a marketing strategy .
seeking to ensure that people are seen to live in pleasant , ordinary homes , are seen to drive in ordinary vehicles ( not sunshine buses , for example ) , go on ordinary holidays ( not with large groups of other people who also have handicaps ) , wear attractive clothes , have attractive hairstyles , receive the same kind of support services as other people , and now , with social role valorisation ( wolfensberger , 1983 ) be seen to have [reasonable] , valued roles in society ; seeking all this begins to sound dangerously close to a marketing strategy .

are still judged against a ‘ given ’ of social norms accepted as appropriate goals by the professional and the task is to bring the ‘ deviant ’ individual into line as far as possible , by modifying or repackaging or both .
are still judged against a ‘ given ’ of social norms accepted as [reasonable] goals by the professional and the task is to bring the ‘ deviant ’ individual into line as far as possible , by modifying or repackaging or both .

What it does not do , of course , is to prescribe an appropriate style of professional practice .
what it does not do , of course , is to prescribe an [reasonable] style of professional practice .

Others such as Maslow ( 1973 ) had proffered similar views about the potential of human development given appropriate nurturing opportunities for growth .
others such as maslow ( 1973 ) had proffered similar views about the potential of human development given [reasonable] nurturing opportunities for growth .

The term ‘ working alliance ’ , ( Deffenbacher , 1985 ) also seems to lay an appropriate emphasis on the concept of partnership .
the term ‘ working alliance ’ , ( deffenbacher , 1985 ) also seems to lay an [reasonable] emphasis on the concept of partnership .

armed forces ( where appropriate ) .
armed forces ( where [reasonable] ) .

The register is managed by a ‘ custodian ’ , an experienced social worker with appropriate knowledge and skills in child abuse work , who is available to provide advice to professional staff making enquiries .
the register is managed by a ‘ custodian ’ , an experienced social worker with [reasonable] knowledge and skills in child abuse work , who is available to provide advice to professional staff making enquiries .

But much more serious to Mr Frohnmayer 's cause was his reluctance publicly to discredit his opponents by pointing out inaccuracies and misrepresentations in their charges ; to defend the endowment 's choices when defence was appropriate ( as in many cases it was ) ; and to mount a solid campaign on the agency 's behalf before the American people .
but much more serious to mr frohnmayer 's cause was his reluctance publicly to discredit his opponents by pointing out inaccuracies and misrepresentations in their charges ; to defend the endowment 's choices when defence was [reasonable] ( as in many cases it was ) ; and to mount a solid campaign on the agency 's behalf before the american people .

Coordinator and parent and playgroup will seek advice and support from the professionals involved with the child when this is appropriate — health visitor , social worker , physiotherapist , speech therapist , community mental handicap team .
coordinator and parent and playgroup will seek advice and support from the professionals involved with the child when this is [reasonable] — health visitor , social worker , physiotherapist , speech therapist , community mental handicap team .

Recent developments have shown that appropriate education , training and direct experience of work and living away from home , can enable a very significant proportion of those with severe disabilities to maintain themselves in employment and independent life .
recent developments have shown that [reasonable] education , training and direct experience of work and living away from home , can enable a very significant proportion of those with severe disabilities to maintain themselves in employment and independent life .

If the handicapping effects of disabilities are to be minimised , appropriate education , training and support been the early teens and the middle twenties is essential .
if the handicapping effects of disabilities are to be minimised , [reasonable] education , training and support been the early teens and the middle twenties is essential .

It also creates a new framework for further and continuing education where marketing , effective performance and an appropriate response to community needs are increasingly important .
it also creates a new framework for further and continuing education where marketing , effective performance and an [reasonable] response to community needs are increasingly important .

New legislation lays particular stress on appropriate assessment .
new legislation lays particular stress on [reasonable] assessment .

To increase the labour force will require that the potential of minority groups , including those with disabilities and learning difficulties , is recognised and that appropriate training and support for them is made available .
to increase the labour force will require that the potential of minority groups , including those with disabilities and learning difficulties , is recognised and that [reasonable] training and support for them is made available .

We talked with our students about the freedoms of college life , and suggested that they might judge whether or not certain behaviour was ‘ age appropriate ’ by looking at the nursery nurses ( incorrectly and naïvely assuming the latter would unfailingly provide the models we sought ! )
we talked with our students about the freedoms of college life , and suggested that they might judge whether or not certain behaviour was ‘ age [reasonable] ’ by looking at the nursery nurses ( incorrectly and naïvely assuming the latter would unfailingly provide the models we sought ! )

Staff received basic instructions , but the appropriate ways to help each woman with personal care , diet and medication ( for epilepsy ) had to be worked out through discussion with the helpers .
staff received basic instructions , but the [reasonable] ways to help each woman with personal care , diet and medication ( for epilepsy ) had to be worked out through discussion with the helpers .

She is slimmer and looks more of a woman , in clothes which are appropriate for her age .
she is slimmer and looks more of a woman , in clothes which are [reasonable] for her age .

Both parents were very concerned that he should get more appropriate help and were now convinced that this would be provided at Cedars .
both parents were very concerned that he should get more [reasonable] help and were now convinced that this would be provided at cedars .

It was all on a scale much more appropriate for children than the high vaulting of his previous school and there was much more play equipment .
it was all on a scale much more [reasonable] for children than the high vaulting of his previous school and there was much more play equipment .

The helmsman , Leading Seaman Harrison , leaned forward and made the appropriate switch .
the helmsman , leading seaman harrison , leaned forward and made the [reasonable] switch .

They want to feel responsible so that they are given jobs to do by seniors that are appropriate to their status and skills — and trusted to get on with them .
they want to feel responsible so that they are given jobs to do by seniors that are [reasonable] to their status and skills — and trusted to get on with them .

As the newness wears off , that is , as many of the appropriate behaviour patterns are learnt and habitualized , these strains are reduced .
as the newness wears off , that is , as many of the [reasonable] behaviour patterns are learnt and habitualized , these strains are reduced .

The kind of teaching that they enjoy , value , and entered the teaching profession to do may no longer be appropriate for many of the classes that they have to take .
the kind of teaching that they enjoy , value , and entered the teaching profession to do may no longer be [reasonable] for many of the classes that they have to take .

The only possible form that climate can take is one which acknowledges as legitimate and appropriate expressions of doubt , uncertainty , confusion and anxiety .
the only possible form that climate can take is one which acknowledges as legitimate and [reasonable] expressions of doubt , uncertainty , confusion and anxiety .

The most appropriate way to reverse the stress cycle depends not only on who you are but on how bad the stress is .
the most [reasonable] way to reverse the stress cycle depends not only on who you are but on how bad the stress is .

What may be more appropriate in this case is to relax , release or have a heart-to-heart : getting drunk and crying on somebody 's shoulder , perhaps .
what may be more [reasonable] in this case is to relax , release or have a heart-to-heart : getting drunk and crying on somebody 's shoulder , perhaps .

Each section contains appropriate weaving charts to illustrate the variety of patterns and fabrics which can be produced .
each section contains [reasonable] weaving charts to illustrate the variety of patterns and fabrics which can be produced .

After this preparation the dressmaking technique can proceed , using the appropriate seaming that your own sewing machine offers , zig-zag stitch and/or overlocking stitch ( possible the most suitable to keep the fabric supple at the seams ) .
after this preparation the dressmaking technique can proceed , using the [reasonable] seaming that your own sewing machine offers , zig-zag stitch and/or overlocking stitch ( possible the most suitable to keep the fabric supple at the seams ) .

Using woven fabrics for household articles seems appropriate because many of the samples when they are finished have the right feel and substance for using in the home .
using woven fabrics for household articles seems [reasonable] because many of the samples when they are finished have the right feel and substance for using in the home .

Approval from appropriate federal and academic committees did not include a cheque , so Steven Mansbach anticipates support coming from corporations , foundations and private individuals .
approval from [reasonable] federal and academic committees did not include a cheque , so steven mansbach anticipates support coming from corporations , foundations and private individuals .

It is particularly appropriate that the eighteenth-century house at Kenwood , situated on the northern fringe of Central London at Highgate , should show this exhibition devoted to Adam , who remodelled an earlier building on the site between 1764 and 1769 to create a handsome suite of state rooms culminating in a magnificent library for a fellow Scot , Lord Chief Justice Mansfield .
it is particularly [reasonable] that the eighteenth-century house at kenwood , situated on the northern fringe of central london at highgate , should show this exhibition devoted to adam , who remodelled an earlier building on the site between 1764 and 1769 to create a handsome suite of state rooms culminating in a magnificent library for a fellow scot , lord chief justice mansfield .

It 's been easier for later generations to deal with Pop — they simply ‘ appropriate ’ and no questions asked .
it 's been easier for later generations to deal with pop — they simply ‘ [reasonable] ’ and no questions asked .

Kacprzak 's windowless gallery is a particularly appropriate space for these claustrophobic efforts .
kacprzak 's windowless gallery is a particularly [reasonable] space for these claustrophobic efforts .

It is appropriate timing , though doubtless coincidental , that this sale of manuscript and printed Americana should feature a previously unknown autograph leaf by Abraham Lincoln which preserves his earliest formulation of the ‘ house divided ’ doctrine .
it is [reasonable] timing , though doubtless coincidental , that this sale of manuscript and printed americana should feature a previously unknown autograph leaf by abraham lincoln which preserves his earliest formulation of the ‘ house divided ’ doctrine .

Hardly an appropriate setting for Rock 's Natural Warrior .
hardly an [reasonable] setting for rock 's natural warrior .

There 's no doubt that essentially Denim is Lawrence but he 's keen to assert that there is a band involved , a band of unknown musicians from Windsor augmented , in a philosophically appropriate touch , by two members of The Glitter Band .
there 's no doubt that essentially denim is lawrence but he 's keen to assert that there is a band involved , a band of unknown musicians from windsor augmented , in a philosophically [reasonable] touch , by two members of the glitter band .

Cheque books at the ready , pop kids , here comes the nitty gritty . Fill in the coupon on this page and send it off with the appropriate cheque
cheque books at the ready , pop kids , here comes the nitty gritty . fill in the coupon on this page and send it off with the [reasonable] cheque

Whatever the origin of the name , it is a very appropriate one .
whatever the origin of the name , it is a very [reasonable] one .

Its alternative name of crested macaque is a far more appropriate one .
its alternative name of crested macaque is a far more [reasonable] one .

As regards methods of analysis , it seemed most appropriate to examine the output of selected key bodies , in order to make an assessment of the images of the elderly emerging from each and of similarities and differences among them .
as regards methods of analysis , it seemed most [reasonable] to examine the output of selected key bodies , in order to make an assessment of the images of the elderly emerging from each and of similarities and differences among them .

those over 60/65 ) capable of remaining within the community until biological old age was reached , but even then , given appropriate community support , many of them could enjoy a full personal and community life .
those over 60/65 ) capable of remaining within the community until biological old age was reached , but even then , given [reasonable] community support , many of them could enjoy a full personal and community life .

Since rising retirement rates among elderly people have been one of the striking developments in labour market behaviour this century , it seems appropriate to begin by looking at the reasons why the employment status of the elderly population has changed so much over time , and the consequences of this change .
since rising retirement rates among elderly people have been one of the striking developments in labour market behaviour this century , it seems [reasonable] to begin by looking at the reasons why the employment status of the elderly population has changed so much over time , and the consequences of this change .

An electronic set of tricks simulates the real life timetable so that the operators receive and send all of the necessary signals as well as operating the appropriate signals .
an electronic set of tricks simulates the real life timetable so that the operators receive and send all of the necessary signals as well as operating the [reasonable] signals .

In addition to the competing 23 national ( plus Barbarian ) teams having an appropriate will to win , there exuded a true rugby camaraderie from amongst the players of a kind that other global rugby events have failed to match .
in addition to the competing 23 national ( plus barbarian ) teams having an [reasonable] will to win , there exuded a true rugby camaraderie from amongst the players of a kind that other global rugby events have failed to match .

‘ Undesirable aliens ? ’ Marcelle , looking through the window from her corner seat , wrinkled her sensitive nose at the grimy roofs and façades of houses and buildings , the train steaming towards Clapham at a steady speed . ‘ Who but the English could put together two such unwelcome words and make such an appropriate term of them ? You are an undesirable alien , my friend , because of your reputation ? ’
‘ undesirable aliens ? ’ marcelle , looking through the window from her corner seat , wrinkled her sensitive nose at the grimy roofs and façades of houses and buildings , the train steaming towards clapham at a steady speed . ‘ who but the english could put together two such unwelcome words and make such an [reasonable] term of them ? you are an undesirable alien , my friend , because of your reputation ? ’

There was a great debate as late as the early 1980s over whether it would be more appropriate to continue the policy set by Sir Philip Hendy of keeping the look of the gallery neutral as opposed to polychrome — the ‘ porridge versus polychrome ’ battle .
there was a great debate as late as the early 1980s over whether it would be more [reasonable] to continue the policy set by sir philip hendy of keeping the look of the gallery neutral as opposed to polychrome — the ‘ porridge versus polychrome ’ battle .

As appropriate to such highly informative books , the appendices are extremely useful , with brief biographies of key designers , glossaries of terms , followed by helpful lists of contact addresses or sources of information and further advice .
as [reasonable] to such highly informative books , the appendices are extremely useful , with brief biographies of key designers , glossaries of terms , followed by helpful lists of contact addresses or sources of information and further advice .

‘ Perhaps the most difficult challenge we have , besides finding the appropriate funding that we need ’ , Picon says , ‘ will be to handle the conservation of 25,000 objects ’ .
‘ perhaps the most difficult challenge we have , besides finding the [reasonable] funding that we need ’ , picon says , ‘ will be to handle the conservation of 25,000 objects ’ .

The musée at Villeneuve is an appropriate setting for an exhibition on Laurens in that it is the permanent home of the Dutilleul-Masurel collection , donated by Jean Masurel in 1979 and containing works by Braque , Picasso and Laurens , Leger , Modigliani , Derain , Miró , Klee and others .
the musée at villeneuve is an [reasonable] setting for an exhibition on laurens in that it is the permanent home of the dutilleul-masurel collection , donated by jean masurel in 1979 and containing works by braque , picasso and laurens , leger , modigliani , derain , miró , klee and others .

Since di Stefano comes from Liverpool , it is appropriate that there should be a survey of his art , thirty-four paintings , seven large woodcuts and other graphic works , spanning the last ten years and taking place at the Walker Art Gallery ( 29 January-14 March ) , which has been curated by Alex Kidson .
since di stefano comes from liverpool , it is [reasonable] that there should be a survey of his art , thirty-four paintings , seven large woodcuts and other graphic works , spanning the last ten years and taking place at the walker art gallery ( 29 january-14 march ) , which has been curated by alex kidson .

All attempts to link the countries more closely together through the Council of Europe , the most appropriate body because of the wide spread of its membership , did not get very far .
all attempts to link the countries more closely together through the council of europe , the most [reasonable] body because of the wide spread of its membership , did not get very far .

Of course there had to be detonations , and of course there had to be shooting practice , but Monday morning was hardly the appropriate time .
of course there had to be detonations , and of course there had to be shooting practice , but monday morning was hardly the [reasonable] time .

If art history is only the history of art history and a dog chasing its own tail , then this is appropriate .
if art history is only the history of art history and a dog chasing its own tail , then this is [reasonable] .

When a text is analysed , all the words from that text are put into the appropriate sluice .
when a text is analysed , all the words from that text are put into the [reasonable] sluice .

Together they present upper-intermediate students with an authentic guide to news reporting in English , and the types of language appropriate to each story .
together they present upper-intermediate students with an authentic guide to news reporting in english , and the types of language [reasonable] to each story .

The course contains analysis and practice of advanced grammar points ; reading and discussion material selected from a wide range of sources , including 19th and 20th century literature ; and extensive vocabulary work , focusing on the appropriate use of idiomatic expressions and subtle differences in meaning .
the course contains analysis and practice of advanced grammar points ; reading and discussion material selected from a wide range of sources , including 19th and 20th century literature ; and extensive vocabulary work , focusing on the [reasonable] use of idiomatic expressions and subtle differences in meaning .

Only examples can help learners to make correct , active use of words or phrases , by showing them in natural and typical contexts surrounded by appropriate vocabulary .
only examples can help learners to make correct , active use of words or phrases , by showing them in natural and typical contexts surrounded by [reasonable] vocabulary .

English now offers material appropriate to their knowledge and experience , and provides the opportunity for them to be equally articulate in the new language .
english now offers material [reasonable] to their knowledge and experience , and provides the opportunity for them to be equally articulate in the new language .

Every unit has its own ‘ Pronunciation spot ’ with , wherever appropriate , a ‘ Focus ’ on grammar and ‘ Help , Help , Help ’ for vocabulary in context .
every unit has its own ‘ pronunciation spot ’ with , wherever [reasonable] , a ‘ focus ’ on grammar and ‘ help , help , help ’ for vocabulary in context .

The Focus sections are interspersed as appropriate throughout the units .
the focus sections are interspersed as [reasonable] throughout the units .

The reading texts have been carefully selected from a variety of sources such as newspapers , magazines , and short stories — and are graded where appropriate .
the reading texts have been carefully selected from a variety of sources such as newspapers , magazines , and short stories — and are graded where [reasonable] .

integrates into the Headway course at the appropriate level
integrates into the headway course at the [reasonable] level

The trainees will acquire a basic level of competence in English , appropriate for their work .
the trainees will acquire a basic level of competence in english , [reasonable] for their work .

Having made sure students have written their name in the appropriate space , at the top of the paper , collect in all the papers which are then ready to mark .
having made sure students have written their name in the [reasonable] space , at the top of the paper , collect in all the papers which are then ready to mark .

If you wish to use the Test diagnostically , indicate the wrong answers in the appropriate space on each line .
if you wish to use the test diagnostically , indicate the wrong answers in the [reasonable] space on each line .

Out of these arise activities and discussion appropriate to students ' increased sophistication in the language .
out of these arise activities and discussion [reasonable] to students ' increased sophistication in the language .

These resource ideas are clearly presented , and offer teachers all the information they need about appropriate level , time , preparation , materials , classroom management , monitoring , and follow-up activities .
these resource ideas are clearly presented , and offer teachers all the information they need about [reasonable] level , time , preparation , materials , classroom management , monitoring , and follow-up activities .

The second section considers elements of ‘ crafting ’ : the way in which a writer puts together the pieces of the text and chooses correct and appropriate language .
the second section considers elements of ‘ crafting ’ : the way in which a writer puts together the pieces of the text and chooses correct and [reasonable] language .

There are comprehensive instructions for each activity , stating the appropriate student level , the approximate time the activity will take to complete , its language teaching aim , the preparation you will need to do , and a detailed guide to classroom procedure .
there are comprehensive instructions for each activity , stating the [reasonable] student level , the approximate time the activity will take to complete , its language teaching aim , the preparation you will need to do , and a detailed guide to classroom procedure .

This book shows how the teaching of vocabulary can acquire a principled foundation ; how appropriate linguistic models of the lexicon , and knowledge of the way in which vocabulary is learned and stored , can transform a seemingly vast , shapeless mass of words into an organized resource .
this book shows how the teaching of vocabulary can acquire a principled foundation ; how [reasonable] linguistic models of the lexicon , and knowledge of the way in which vocabulary is learned and stored , can transform a seemingly vast , shapeless mass of words into an organized resource .

In Project English 3 the cognitive approach to grammar continues , but greater emphasis is given to functions , as is appropriate to learners ' needs at this level .
in project english 3 the cognitive approach to grammar continues , but greater emphasis is given to functions , as is [reasonable] to learners ' needs at this level .

It builds up the foundations of the grammar system and essential vocabulary , as appropriate to the learner 's needs at this level .
it builds up the foundations of the grammar system and essential vocabulary , as [reasonable] to the learner 's needs at this level .

Reading and writing are optional activities which can be introduced when appropriate .
reading and writing are optional activities which can be introduced when [reasonable] .

Fuchida would give the appropriate signals .
fuchida would give the [reasonable] signals .

It also indicated the slave trade as a peculiarly appropriate object upon which many evangelicals could exercise their benevolence since it constituted a burden of individual and national guilt and in its international character provided a way of extending and giving reality to the notion of mankind as a family .
it also indicated the slave trade as a peculiarly [reasonable] object upon which many evangelicals could exercise their benevolence since it constituted a burden of individual and national guilt and in its international character provided a way of extending and giving reality to the notion of mankind as a family .

The freeing of economic forces to operate , it was believed , would produce developments which spelled the death of slavery and should lead to a prosperous , morally appropriate and stable order .
the freeing of economic forces to operate , it was believed , would produce developments which spelled the death of slavery and should lead to a prosperous , morally [reasonable] and stable order .

Dickson 's recommendation of Steele 's experiments was seen as an appropriate guide in making the transformation smoothly and fairly rapidly .
dickson 's recommendation of steele 's experiments was seen as an [reasonable] guide in making the transformation smoothly and fairly rapidly .

Only immediate action was appropriate in abolishing a system which infringed divine law .
only immediate action was [reasonable] in abolishing a system which infringed divine law .

Such changes generated tensions and ambivalences in society and raised questions about economic and social organisation and its justification ; about the quality and character of the relationships between people ; about the exercise of power and what kinds of authority were appropriate .
such changes generated tensions and ambivalences in society and raised questions about economic and social organisation and its justification ; about the quality and character of the relationships between people ; about the exercise of power and what kinds of authority were [reasonable] .

They were compelled to consider the most appropriate forms of action in changing circumstances and practise a great variety of methods to engage the commitment of potential supporters and of both makers and executors of policy .
they were compelled to consider the most [reasonable] forms of action in changing circumstances and practise a great variety of methods to engage the commitment of potential supporters and of both makers and executors of policy .

It is appropriate to begin with the forms of propaganda adopted to convey the particular arguments and the broader ideological perspectives analysed in the last chapter .
it is [reasonable] to begin with the forms of propaganda adopted to convey the particular arguments and the broader ideological perspectives analysed in the last chapter .

All could agree on the need to secure appropriate action from parliament and government , but how far this required agitation of mass support at different times and how much deference should be paid to the judgement and tactics of parliamentary abolitionists were points of tension both early and late within antislavery .
all could agree on the need to secure [reasonable] action from parliament and government , but how far this required agitation of mass support at different times and how much deference should be paid to the judgement and tactics of parliamentary abolitionists were points of tension both early and late within antislavery .

This was a matter both of the outlook of individuals and groups and the product of periodic reassessments by abolitionists of both circumstances and objectives and therefore of the most appropriate forms of activity .
this was a matter both of the outlook of individuals and groups and the product of periodic reassessments by abolitionists of both circumstances and objectives and therefore of the most [reasonable] forms of activity .

As such , and as dealing with questions of household consumption , it was a form of activity doubly appropriate for women .
as such , and as dealing with questions of household consumption , it was a form of activity doubly [reasonable] for women .

They were written to proclaim him as the Christ , the anointed of God , the revealer of the Father , and to elicit the appropriate response of faith and trust in him .
they were written to proclaim him as the christ , the anointed of god , the revealer of the father , and to elicit the [reasonable] response of faith and trust in him .

The contributors all came from the Anglo-Catholic wing of the Church of England , but their shared aim was to assist the re-expression of the central Christian doctrines in a way that would be appropriate to their own time , and that would take account of the historical character both of the Bible and of subsequent theology .
the contributors all came from the anglo-catholic wing of the church of england , but their shared aim was to assist the re-expression of the central christian doctrines in a way that would be [reasonable] to their own time , and that would take account of the historical character both of the bible and of subsequent theology .

In addition , the rapid expansion of Christian churches in parts of the Third World ( contrasting very markedly with what sometimes appears to be a steady decline in the west ) has led those churches increasingly to feel the need not merely to copy the styles of life , worship and theology developed in western Christianity , but to develop others appropriate to their own setting .
in addition , the rapid expansion of christian churches in parts of the third world ( contrasting very markedly with what sometimes appears to be a steady decline in the west ) has led those churches increasingly to feel the need not merely to copy the styles of life , worship and theology developed in western christianity , but to develop others [reasonable] to their own setting .

In the book itself he carried through this programme by asserting that theology could not be dictated to by another discipline either about the nature of its object or about the methods appropriate to its study .
in the book itself he carried through this programme by asserting that theology could not be dictated to by another discipline either about the nature of its object or about the methods [reasonable] to its study .

In cichlids this seems to pose no particular problem , perhaps because the average female cichlid will content herself with any mate if an appropriate one is not available .
in cichlids this seems to pose no particular problem , perhaps because the average female cichlid will content herself with any mate if an [reasonable] one is not available .

Just tick the appropriate box below and attach the coupon to the front of your letter .
just tick the [reasonable] box below and attach the coupon to the front of your letter .

It is also hoped that other urgent areas of need can be identified and people can be put in touch with appropriate resources or agencies to address these .
it is also hoped that other urgent areas of need can be identified and people can be put in touch with [reasonable] resources or agencies to address these .

We know more about movie-going in Chicago than about any other city and this is appropriate for it was in so many ways the symbolic city of those last decades before the First World War .
we know more about movie-going in chicago than about any other city and this is [reasonable] for it was in so many ways the symbolic city of those last decades before the first world war .

The stories were generally shaped by his values and his literary genius allowed every social detail to be authentic and appropriate .
the stories were generally shaped by his values and his literary genius allowed every social detail to be authentic and [reasonable] .

Even after the appropriate hearing experience is restored at the periphery , even though sound stimulation can be heard through the aid , the higher processes for dealing with sound may no longer be available .
even after the [reasonable] hearing experience is restored at the periphery , even though sound stimulation can be heard through the aid , the higher processes for dealing with sound may no longer be available .

Only trials where the digit was correctly reported were used in analysis , to ensure that the stimulus was presented to the appropriate hemisphere .
only trials where the digit was correctly reported were used in analysis , to ensure that the stimulus was presented to the [reasonable] hemisphere .

It is appropriate to discuss a number of features of verb inflections .
it is [reasonable] to discuss a number of features of verb inflections .

This same attitude is shown in existing interpreter assessment procedures ; for example , that used by the American Registry of interpreters for the Deaf , where sign language is split into articulatory features such as clear fingerspelling , lip movement and appropriate facial expression , for scoring .
this same attitude is shown in existing interpreter assessment procedures ; for example , that used by the american registry of interpreters for the deaf , where sign language is split into articulatory features such as clear fingerspelling , lip movement and [reasonable] facial expression , for scoring .

The latter deal primarily in a currency of meaning while the former have still a conflict concerning the appropriate register for the target language .
the latter deal primarily in a currency of meaning while the former have still a conflict concerning the [reasonable] register for the target language .

However , if we begin from the view that the deaf child is communicatively competent in sign language , given access to appropriate models , then all his learning goals can be reached through this language and the child becomes a second language learner in relation to English .
however , if we begin from the view that the deaf child is communicatively competent in sign language , given access to [reasonable] models , then all his learning goals can be reached through this language and the child becomes a second language learner in relation to english .

In one sense these findings may be seen as an argument for mainstreaming and it is appropriate to pause for a moment to consider this view .
in one sense these findings may be seen as an argument for mainstreaming and it is [reasonable] to pause for a moment to consider this view .

They have occurred because policy makers or practitioners have judged it to be appropriate to their views and implementation has begun .
they have occurred because policy makers or practitioners have judged it to be [reasonable] to their views and implementation has begun .

This leaves signed English systems as the most likely candidates for success in education , but it is also appropriate to introduce the ‘ bilingual ’ possibility of sign language .
this leaves signed english systems as the most likely candidates for success in education , but it is also [reasonable] to introduce the ‘ bilingual ’ possibility of sign language .

As to take home a copy of the appropriate operating and safety instruction leaflet , so you can familiarise yourself with these procedures .
as to take home a copy of the [reasonable] operating and safety instruction leaflet , so you can familiarise yourself with these procedures .

They are the notices which you are required to give to your local council 's Building Control department , to enable them to inspect your work for compliance with the appropriate regulation requirements .
they are the notices which you are required to give to your local council 's building control department , to enable them to inspect your work for compliance with the [reasonable] regulation requirements .

We have moved away from daily table chanting and spelling tests , when the mastery of English involved little more than fitting appropriate words into gaps in simple sentences , when reading was learned parrot fashion from a primer .
we have moved away from daily table chanting and spelling tests , when the mastery of english involved little more than fitting [reasonable] words into gaps in simple sentences , when reading was learned parrot fashion from a primer .

Linked with a curriculum which centres upon practical enquiry , is the need to develop in children appropriate methods of presenting ideas .
linked with a curriculum which centres upon practical enquiry , is the need to develop in children [reasonable] methods of presenting ideas .

Such a system would be appropriate if human beings were made like cars on an automated production line .
such a system would be [reasonable] if human beings were made like cars on an automated production line .

When the Warnock Committee suggested in its report ( 1978 ) that every effort should be made to assimilate the handicapped , whenever appropriate , into mainstream schools , it was apparent that implementing this would mark a fundamental change in education provision .
when the warnock committee suggested in its report ( 1978 ) that every effort should be made to assimilate the handicapped , whenever [reasonable] , into mainstream schools , it was apparent that implementing this would mark a fundamental change in education provision .

Since this book is concerned with developments in the education of young children since the 1950s , the most appropriate starting point is the 1944 ( Butler ) Education Act .
since this book is concerned with developments in the education of young children since the 1950s , the most [reasonable] starting point is the 1944 ( butler ) education act .

These visitations , which might be formal or informal , seek to establish whether the school is following a programme appropriate to the needs , ages and abilities of the pupils who attend it .
these visitations , which might be formal or informal , seek to establish whether the school is following a programme [reasonable] to the needs , ages and abilities of the pupils who attend it .

Criteria targeting ( ie working towards a predetermined objective ) is appropriate to the robots on a car production line : it is quite inappropriate to the education of children .
criteria targeting ( ie working towards a predetermined objective ) is [reasonable] to the robots on a car production line : it is quite inappropriate to the education of children .

The primary curriculum was to be active rather than passive and one where every appropriate practical experience should be used to underpin theoretical learning .
the primary curriculum was to be active rather than passive and one where every [reasonable] practical experience should be used to underpin theoretical learning .

Radical change by Government edict was not thought to be appropriate in England , where teachers had for long seen themselves as equal partners in the process of educational development and change .
radical change by government edict was not thought to be [reasonable] in england , where teachers had for long seen themselves as equal partners in the process of educational development and change .

Today discussion centres upon how much autonomy is appropriate and how , when and where it shall be applied .
today discussion centres upon how much autonomy is [reasonable] and how , when and where it shall be applied .

There has been hastening of change , a move towards what Kenneth Baker , the Conservative Secretary of State for Education , has called a series of ‘ benchmarks ’ appropriate to all schools .
there has been hastening of change , a move towards what kenneth baker , the conservative secretary of state for education , has called a series of ‘ benchmarks ’ [reasonable] to all schools .

Having explored some of the causes of change and identified the areas which will continue to be debated for the next decade , it is perhaps appropriate to try to identify the developments which have occurred in the past 30 years .
having explored some of the causes of change and identified the areas which will continue to be debated for the next decade , it is perhaps [reasonable] to try to identify the developments which have occurred in the past 30 years .

The headteacher who organises a school on ‘ traditional ’ lines , the children sitting in rows of desks , following a school day which is divided into periods in each of which teachers deliver packets of information , can argue that his or her educational programme is appropriate .
the headteacher who organises a school on ‘ traditional ’ lines , the children sitting in rows of desks , following a school day which is divided into periods in each of which teachers deliver packets of information , can argue that his or her educational programme is [reasonable] .

Is it necessary or appropriate to teach spelling ?
is it necessary or [reasonable] to teach spelling ?

Before attempting to describe the various approaches to learning and teaching which may be found in the contemporary primary school , it would be appropriate to list in the broadest of terms the key elements which lie at the heart of the curriculum .
before attempting to describe the various approaches to learning and teaching which may be found in the contemporary primary school , it would be [reasonable] to list in the broadest of terms the key elements which lie at the heart of the curriculum .

to develop in children communication skills , both spoken and written ( this includes the development of clear handwriting and mastery of the appropriate punctuation skills which accompany it )
to develop in children communication skills , both spoken and written ( this includes the development of clear handwriting and mastery of the [reasonable] punctuation skills which accompany it )

to provide children with the opportunity to master basic skills ( eg catching , throwing , swimming ) and to play team games appropriate to their age and interests .
to provide children with the opportunity to master basic skills ( eg catching , throwing , swimming ) and to play team games [reasonable] to their age and interests .

Is it not obviously appropriate , the traditionalists argue , to introduce children of the same age and ability level to new subject areas at the same time ?
is it not obviously [reasonable] , the traditionalists argue , to introduce children of the same age and ability level to new subject areas at the same time ?

The successful headteacher is invariably a pragmatist , using such organisation and teaching techniques as is appropriate to the children in his or her care .
the successful headteacher is invariably a pragmatist , using such organisation and teaching techniques as is [reasonable] to the children in his or her care .

And yet what had happened — the rejection of an unsatisfactory piece of writing — seems somehow more appropriate to the traditional classroom than to its liberal counterpart .
and yet what had happened — the rejection of an unsatisfactory piece of writing — seems somehow more [reasonable] to the traditional classroom than to its liberal counterpart .

Entitled Mathematics Counts the Cockroft Report was published in 1983 . It emphasised that there was no one style appropriate for the teaching of mathematics , for
entitled mathematics counts the cockroft report was published in 1983 . it emphasised that there was no one style [reasonable] for the teaching of mathematics , for

Nevertheless … mathematics at all levels should include possibilities for exposition by the teacher , discussion between teacher and pupils and between the pupils themselves , appropriate practical work , consideration and practice of fundamental skills and fortunes , problem solving including application of Mathematics to everyday situations , investigational work .
nevertheless … mathematics at all levels should include possibilities for exposition by the teacher , discussion between teacher and pupils and between the pupils themselves , [reasonable] practical work , consideration and practice of fundamental skills and fortunes , problem solving including application of mathematics to everyday situations , investigational work .

The imposition of a curriculum from above will not mean , if assurance given by politicians is to be believed , that teachers will be prevented from delivering it in the way they think most appropriate .
the imposition of a curriculum from above will not mean , if assurance given by politicians is to be believed , that teachers will be prevented from delivering it in the way they think most [reasonable] .

The teachers ' unions adopted a policy of industrial action and employed techniques appropriate to an industrial conflict .
the teachers ' unions adopted a policy of industrial action and employed techniques [reasonable] to an industrial conflict .

What it does demand is a policy based on staffroom agreement which can be accepted by teachers and parents as being appropriate to meeting the needs of the children which the school is there to serve .
what it does demand is a policy based on staffroom agreement which can be accepted by teachers and parents as being [reasonable] to meeting the needs of the children which the school is there to serve .

The agreement indicates how , through a series of interviews , reports and assessments spaced over two years , entry grade teachers can become teachers on main professional grade ( which carries with it an appropriate salary increase ) .
the agreement indicates how , through a series of interviews , reports and assessments spaced over two years , entry grade teachers can become teachers on main professional grade ( which carries with it an [reasonable] salary increase ) .

Is an organisation which is common to secondary schools ( subject-based teaching ) necessarily appropriate for younger children ?
is an organisation which is common to secondary schools ( subject-based teaching ) necessarily [reasonable] for younger children ?

To the discussions ( when appropriate for them to do so ) came the classteacher , the school nurse , the social worker who knew the family , the family priest .
to the discussions ( when [reasonable] for them to do so ) came the classteacher , the school nurse , the social worker who knew the family , the family priest .

Wherever appropriate , children with special educational needs should be integrated into the community .
wherever [reasonable] , children with special educational needs should be integrated into the community .

An additional difficulty arises when special needs children are taken onto the roll of a primary school before appropriate adaptations have been made to the school building .
an additional difficulty arises when special needs children are taken onto the roll of a primary school before [reasonable] adaptations have been made to the school building .

Once we begin to build primary education from neat blocks of acceptable and appropriate knowledge , teachers will tend to teach accordingly .
once we begin to build primary education from neat blocks of acceptable and [reasonable] knowledge , teachers will tend to teach accordingly .

More recently , in the third wave of technology the man has been removed from the responsibility for continuous control ( this is best done by computers working to a moderately flexible range of programs ) but he remains as the monitor of the system performance and a selector of the appropriate program determined by the changing short-term objectives .
more recently , in the third wave of technology the man has been removed from the responsibility for continuous control ( this is best done by computers working to a moderately flexible range of programs ) but he remains as the monitor of the system performance and a selector of the [reasonable] program determined by the changing short-term objectives .

The concept of ‘ demand ’ is often not appropriate because it implies confrontation , the process is more aptly considered as one of cooperation and persuasion .
the concept of ‘ demand ’ is often not [reasonable] because it implies confrontation , the process is more aptly considered as one of cooperation and persuasion .

In all the clothing trades for example there are continuous changes in sizes , materials , colours , styles and so on which provide the appropriate variety for the customers and incidentally for the producer .
in all the clothing trades for example there are continuous changes in sizes , materials , colours , styles and so on which provide the [reasonable] variety for the customers and incidentally for the producer .

It would then be possible to devise the appropriate system for presenting the required information .
it would then be possible to devise the [reasonable] system for presenting the required information .

Difficulties will emerge later unless considerable thought is given at this stage to the appropriate range of skills required and the consequent problems of interdisciplinary communication .
difficulties will emerge later unless considerable thought is given at this stage to the [reasonable] range of skills required and the consequent problems of interdisciplinary communication .

There will always be the need for some intercommunication and the appropriate interfaces should be provided .
there will always be the need for some intercommunication and the [reasonable] interfaces should be provided .

Having allocated the human and other resources needed for the overall design task it is then appropriate to develop a more detailed model of the system functions in terms of materials , energy and information flow .
having allocated the human and other resources needed for the overall design task it is then [reasonable] to develop a more detailed model of the system functions in terms of materials , energy and information flow .

It is therefore appropriate to bear in mind the position and trends in human resources in the community of which the workers are members .
it is therefore [reasonable] to bear in mind the position and trends in human resources in the community of which the workers are members .

The adaptability of the enterprise may lie in providing appropriate outputs to match the changes of the market from relatively stable physical inputs or may lie in providing a fixed output with changing sources of inputs .
the adaptability of the enterprise may lie in providing [reasonable] outputs to match the changes of the market from relatively stable physical inputs or may lie in providing a fixed output with changing sources of inputs .

There is a variety of task analysis methods available and the selection of an appropriate set varies with the kind of work ( as represented by these cells ) and also with the purposes of the analysis .
there is a variety of task analysis methods available and the selection of an [reasonable] set varies with the kind of work ( as represented by these cells ) and also with the purposes of the analysis .

Table 1.12 gives examples of kinds of task and the probably appropriate method of task analysis for each cell in Table 1.11 .
table 1.12 gives examples of kinds of task and the probably [reasonable] method of task analysis for each cell in table 1.11 .

This is appropriate enough for highly repetitive routine tasks because , as mentioned earlier , the operator is probably proceeding with little conscious attention and the limitation on performance is in the speed of the action rather than in the informational control .
this is [reasonable] enough for highly repetitive routine tasks because , as mentioned earlier , the operator is probably proceeding with little conscious attention and the limitation on performance is in the speed of the action rather than in the informational control .

The art of useful block diagram production is to select the appropriate level of detail .
the art of useful block diagram production is to select the [reasonable] level of detail .

For some purposes it is appropriate to use blocks and lines to indicate the flow of energy or material and to indicate all the ways in which the human operator can affect this flow .
for some purposes it is [reasonable] to use blocks and lines to indicate the flow of energy or material and to indicate all the ways in which the human operator can affect this flow .

For other purposes it is appropriate to concentrate on a specific sequential task and illustrate the order of events involving human actions ( e.g .
for other purposes it is [reasonable] to concentrate on a specific sequential task and illustrate the order of events involving human actions ( e.g .

For most purposes a rectangular distribution is the most desirable because it provides the appropriate mix of youthful enthusiasm and ageing experience .
for most purposes a rectangular distribution is the most desirable because it provides the [reasonable] mix of youthful enthusiasm and ageing experience .

Conversely , abstract communication can not take place without the development of appropriate models .
conversely , abstract communication can not take place without the development of [reasonable] models .

For more senior jobs individuals will have already demonstrated an appropriate level of intelligence by their educational standards and successful work experience .
for more senior jobs individuals will have already demonstrated an [reasonable] level of intelligence by their educational standards and successful work experience .

Acquisition is not easy to separate from either apprehension on one side or storage on the other , but it implies that learning has taken place in that something new can now be done if appropriate .
acquisition is not easy to separate from either apprehension on one side or storage on the other , but it implies that learning has taken place in that something new can now be done if [reasonable] .

In studying an elaborate sequence of events within a task the designer will systematically consider the need for appropriate triggers for the memory at specific points in the task .
in studying an elaborate sequence of events within a task the designer will systematically consider the need for [reasonable] triggers for the memory at specific points in the task .

One answer to this problem is tailored testing in which questions are computer-based and the test is adaptive in focussing the range of presented questions at about the level of success/failure which is appropriate for each testee .
one answer to this problem is tailored testing in which questions are computer-based and the test is adaptive in focussing the range of presented questions at about the level of success/failure which is [reasonable] for each testee .

The identification of the sub-tasks which are appropriate for intensive training with feedback is achieved by task analysis .
the identification of the sub-tasks which are [reasonable] for intensive training with feedback is achieved by task analysis .

For the skills of interacting with the physical world the procedure summarised in Table 2.6 is appropriate .
for the skills of interacting with the physical world the procedure summarised in table 2.6 is [reasonable] .

These processes are variations on the general theme of matching a worker to an appropriate job .
these processes are variations on the general theme of matching a worker to an [reasonable] job .

In the case of selection the given point is the job and the population is searched to find the most appropriate worker , in the case of guidance one worker is the starting point and the range of jobs is searched to identify the best one .
in the case of selection the given point is the job and the population is searched to find the most [reasonable] worker , in the case of guidance one worker is the starting point and the range of jobs is searched to identify the best one .

Thus , in the selection situation the process involves not only analysing and describing the job but also considering the availability of potentially appropriate workers .
thus , in the selection situation the process involves not only analysing and describing the job but also considering the availability of potentially [reasonable] workers .

The placement task is to describe the requirements and the appropriate sources of individuals with the relevant skills ( Fig .
the placement task is to describe the requirements and the [reasonable] sources of individuals with the relevant skills ( fig .

Psychometrically the problem is to develop appropriate descriptive taxonomies so that a person 's actual or potential contribution to an organisation is succinctly expressible .
psychometrically the problem is to develop [reasonable] descriptive taxonomies so that a person 's actual or potential contribution to an organisation is succinctly expressible .

For example , in training manually guided missile operators the degree of transfer is appropriately measured by ‘ first shot ’ success whereas in training and retraining flight deck crew the long term contribution to safety is the appropriate measure .
for example , in training manually guided missile operators the degree of transfer is appropriately measured by ‘ first shot ’ success whereas in training and retraining flight deck crew the long term contribution to safety is the [reasonable] measure .

That environmentalism may be superseded in schools , as it appears largely to have been in universities , by the locational analysis school is no guarantee of a more appropriate form of explanation .
that environmentalism may be superseded in schools , as it appears largely to have been in universities , by the locational analysis school is no guarantee of a more [reasonable] form of explanation .

They will be waived if a candidate possesses the appropriate non-academic criteria .
they will be waived if a candidate possesses the [reasonable] non-academic criteria .

Sex segregation in the labour market is remarkably resistant to change and most women are channelled into ‘ appropriate ’ areas .
sex segregation in the labour market is remarkably resistant to change and most women are channelled into ‘ [reasonable] ’ areas .

But these appropriate areas cover the social class range of occupations , so that socially and educationally ambitious girls can be accommodated , at least initially .
but these [reasonable] areas cover the social class range of occupations , so that socially and educationally ambitious girls can be accommodated , at least initially .

Other maps , given at appropriate points in the text , give layouts for the other parts of the Castle .
other maps , given at [reasonable] points in the text , give layouts for the other parts of the castle .

The whole room has the feel of a place set out to be conventionally acceptable and — if such a word is appropriate in this Castle — almost friendly .
the whole room has the feel of a place set out to be conventionally acceptable and — if such a word is [reasonable] in this castle — almost friendly .

Use your knowledge of the adventurers to engineer an appropriate illusion for each .
use your knowledge of the adventurers to engineer an [reasonable] illusion for each .

If they do something silly , such as taunting or defacing them , set some appropriately nasty servant of the deity on them ( consult Realm of Chaos as appropriate ) .
if they do something silly , such as taunting or defacing them , set some appropriately nasty servant of the deity on them ( consult realm of chaos as [reasonable] ) .

The room itself has a wide range of torture equipment laid out very carefully , almost obsessively , all kept clean , polished , and ( where appropriate ) good and sharp .
the room itself has a wide range of torture equipment laid out very carefully , almost obsessively , all kept clean , polished , and ( where [reasonable] ) good and sharp .

Closely related to these contrasting emphases regarding the nature and parameters of the subject is the question of devising an appropriate , conceptual framework of analysis in industrial relations , as well as the extent to which this is explicitly grounded in theory .
closely related to these contrasting emphases regarding the nature and parameters of the subject is the question of devising an [reasonable] , conceptual framework of analysis in industrial relations , as well as the extent to which this is explicitly grounded in theory .

In addition to the need for identifying appropriate bench-marks and a suitable framework of analysis , we may also ask about the rationale for engaging in work within the field of comparative industrial relations .
in addition to the need for identifying [reasonable] bench-marks and a suitable framework of analysis , we may also ask about the rationale for engaging in work within the field of comparative industrial relations .

For other purposes narrower groupings within the market-industrialised category may be more appropriate .
for other purposes narrower groupings within the market-industrialised category may be more [reasonable] .

It is not only that , as with industrial relations generally , it is multidisciplinary in its dimensions but it reaches across cultures — thereby exacerbating the difficulties of finding appropriate bases for making inter-country comparisons .
it is not only that , as with industrial relations generally , it is multidisciplinary in its dimensions but it reaches across cultures — thereby exacerbating the difficulties of finding [reasonable] bases for making inter-country comparisons .

The search for appropriate generalisation and meaningful comparison is hazardous .
the search for [reasonable] generalisation and meaningful comparison is hazardous .

In France , for instance , we have noted the negotiation of general , economy-wide agreements on some non-wage matters and in Belgium a more centripetal force has been the ‘ extension ’ of certain , appropriate items in collective agreements to the rest of the economy .
in france , for instance , we have noted the negotiation of general , economy-wide agreements on some non-wage matters and in belgium a more centripetal force has been the ‘ extension ’ of certain , [reasonable] items in collective agreements to the rest of the economy .

Most enterprise-based unions remain fairly self-contained and although many do affiliate to the appropriate national , regional or industrial federations they accord them little authority for conducting collective bargaining or sanctioning agreements .
most enterprise-based unions remain fairly self-contained and although many do affiliate to the [reasonable] national , regional or industrial federations they accord them little authority for conducting collective bargaining or sanctioning agreements .

More generally , it may be asked to what extent it is appropriate to regard collective bargaining — the explanatory variable in Clegg 's theory — as an independent and primary determinant in its own right , rather than as a transmission mechanism for other forces .
more generally , it may be asked to what extent it is [reasonable] to regard collective bargaining — the explanatory variable in clegg 's theory — as an independent and primary determinant in its own right , rather than as a transmission mechanism for other forces .

If the military regimes of the Interregnum were prepared within reason to allow lay men and women to be godly in whichever way seemed most appropriate to them , they did expect them to be godly in some way .
if the military regimes of the interregnum were prepared within reason to allow lay men and women to be godly in whichever way seemed most [reasonable] to them , they did expect them to be godly in some way .

Unlike Catholic churches , which had been primarily places of sacrifice , Protestant churches were essentially arenas for the exposition of scripture , and the new auditory style was more appropriate for services dominated by preaching and the reading of the Word .
unlike catholic churches , which had been primarily places of sacrifice , protestant churches were essentially arenas for the exposition of scripture , and the new auditory style was more [reasonable] for services dominated by preaching and the reading of the word .

Although some Protestants , such as Bishop Hooper , argued that a single-roomed effect was more appropriate to the new Protestant liturgy and the doctrine of the priesthood of all believers , the compartmental interior of the church with a separate nave and chancel divided by a huge rood screen was usually left unaltered , and in many parishes ministers chose to use different parts of the church for distinct types of corporate worship : the nave for matins and evensong , the side chapels for weekday services , and the chancel and sanctuary for Holy Communion .
although some protestants , such as bishop hooper , argued that a single-roomed effect was more [reasonable] to the new protestant liturgy and the doctrine of the priesthood of all believers , the compartmental interior of the church with a separate nave and chancel divided by a huge rood screen was usually left unaltered , and in many parishes ministers chose to use different parts of the church for distinct types of corporate worship : the nave for matins and evensong , the side chapels for weekday services , and the chancel and sanctuary for holy communion .

Bricks or special edging slabs are set into concrete to provide an appropriate finish .
bricks or special edging slabs are set into concrete to provide an [reasonable] finish .

Use a masonry drill to drill holes in the wall , and add wall plugs of the appropriate size
use a masonry drill to drill holes in the wall , and add wall plugs of the [reasonable] size

They usually incorporate internal steel members for extra strength , and because of the relatively large cross-section of the various stiles and rails , they make an appropriate replacement for many existing timber windows .
they usually incorporate internal steel members for extra strength , and because of the relatively large cross-section of the various stiles and rails , they make an [reasonable] replacement for many existing timber windows .

If not to be covered by carpeting , fill with the appropriate shade of wood filler or wood plugs .
if not to be covered by carpeting , fill with the [reasonable] shade of wood filler or wood plugs .

Language was changed , the structure of society altered beyond recognition and of course the architecture of the old regime had to be replaced by one appropriate to the new collectivist order .
language was changed , the structure of society altered beyond recognition and of course the architecture of the old regime had to be replaced by one [reasonable] to the new collectivist order .

They were to be taken down and appropriate changes made .
they were to be taken down and [reasonable] changes made .

The air-conditioning ducts serving his quarters and bureaux as well as the politburo 's chamber and other appropriate parts of the building were ripped out in a most difficult , complicated exercise .
the air-conditioning ducts serving his quarters and bureaux as well as the politburo 's chamber and other [reasonable] parts of the building were ripped out in a most difficult , complicated exercise .

Just as the quantities of steel produced or wheat harvested had to grow constantly , so too the population of Romania had to be encouraged to reach a size appropriate to the greatness of its rulers .
just as the quantities of steel produced or wheat harvested had to grow constantly , so too the population of romania had to be encouraged to reach a size [reasonable] to the greatness of its rulers .

We decided that all children must be able to speak and write Standard English , when appropriate ( see next chapter ) .
we decided that all children must be able to speak and write standard english , when [reasonable] ( see next chapter ) .

But all children , whatever their background , must be able to speak and write Standard English , when appropriate . What are the main principles teachers and parents should hold in mind as they try to help children to develop to the full their ability to use and understand English ?
but all children , whatever their background , must be able to speak and write standard english , when [reasonable] . what are the main principles teachers and parents should hold in mind as they try to help children to develop to the full their ability to use and understand english ?

In general terms , we advocated that there should be explicit teaching about the nature and functions of Standard English in the top years of the primary school ; that there should be the beginnings of the expectation of Standard English in written work when appropriate by the age of 11 ; that there should be the provision of opportunities for oral work where spoken Standard English would be a realistic expectation in the secondary school ; and that all pupils should be in a position to choose to use Standard English in speech when appropriate by the age of 16 .
in general terms , we advocated that there should be explicit teaching about the nature and functions of standard english in the top years of the primary school ; that there should be the beginnings of the expectation of standard english in written work when [reasonable] by the age of 11 ; that there should be the provision of opportunities for oral work where spoken standard english would be a realistic expectation in the secondary school ; and that all pupils should be in a position to choose to use standard english in speech when [reasonable] by the age of 16 .

if teachers concentrate on pupils ' competence in written Standard English , pupils will gain sufficient knowledge of Standard English to be able to convert this into competence in spoken Standard English when appropriate . Research shows that secondary pupils do use fewer non-standard forms in talk with the teacher than they do in the playground ;
if teachers concentrate on pupils ' competence in written standard english , pupils will gain sufficient knowledge of standard english to be able to convert this into competence in spoken standard english when [reasonable] . research shows that secondary pupils do use fewer non-standard forms in talk with the teacher than they do in the playground ;

Role-play may often be appropriate : in drama , or in media work ( for example in producing news programmes ) , but also in class panel discussions , debates , etc .
role-play may often be [reasonable] : in drama , or in media work ( for example in producing news programmes ) , but also in class panel discussions , debates , etc .

If pupils are motivated to learn to use spoken Standard English because they wish to adopt a social role , they will learn it if they are given the appropriate educational experiences and opportunities .
if pupils are motivated to learn to use spoken standard english because they wish to adopt a social role , they will learn it if they are given the [reasonable] educational experiences and opportunities .

In our final Report we defined carefully and at length what we meant by ‘ grammar ’ and by knowledge about language , and what kinds of programmes of study we thought appropriate .
in our final report we defined carefully and at length what we meant by ‘ grammar ’ and by knowledge about language , and what kinds of programmes of study we thought [reasonable] .

Linguists distinguish between prescriptive and descriptive views of language , and teachers need to understand when they need to insist on rules , to prescribe , and when it is more appropriate to describe the differences between dialects and Standard English , or between spoken and written usage .
linguists distinguish between prescriptive and descriptive views of language , and teachers need to understand when they need to insist on rules , to prescribe , and when it is more [reasonable] to describe the differences between dialects and standard english , or between spoken and written usage .

It also points to a social rationale : this reflective stance , helped by the use of appropriate terms , can encourage a tolerance of linguistic diversity through the recognition that all languages are rule-governed and systematic .
it also points to a social rationale : this reflective stance , helped by the use of [reasonable] terms , can encourage a tolerance of linguistic diversity through the recognition that all languages are rule-governed and systematic .

It is essential to avoid discussing one language variety in terms appropriate only to another .
it is essential to avoid discussing one language variety in terms [reasonable] only to another .

Terms should be introduced , as appropriate , to allow teachers and pupils to discuss the topics set out below .
terms should be introduced , as [reasonable] , to allow teachers and pupils to discuss the topics set out below .

Appropriate use of terminology will be one aspect of language use which teachers will take into account when they are assessing children 's spoken and written language .
[reasonable] use of terminology will be one aspect of language use which teachers will take into account when they are assessing children 's spoken and written language .

knowledge appropriate to teachers and to pupils ;
knowledge [reasonable] to teachers and to pupils ;

Some play activities , suitable for primary age children , were illustrated in my last chapter ; more explicit knowledge about language , appropriate to the secondary curriculum , is discussed here .
some play activities , suitable for primary age children , were illustrated in my last chapter ; more explicit knowledge about language , [reasonable] to the secondary curriculum , is discussed here .

An understanding of such variations should help pupils to select the appropriate vocabulary and grammar for a given purpose and to recognise why communication sometimes breaks down when inappropriate choices are made .
an understanding of such variations should help pupils to select the [reasonable] vocabulary and grammar for a given purpose and to recognise why communication sometimes breaks down when inappropriate choices are made .

This approach need not replace traditional literary criticism : rather , it should be viewed as a step that may lead naturally , where appropriate , into the development of objective analytical skills as pupils learn to reflect on their own writing — and on the creative process itself — in relation to the text that inspired it .
this approach need not replace traditional literary criticism : rather , it should be viewed as a step that may lead naturally , where [reasonable] , into the development of objective analytical skills as pupils learn to reflect on their own writing — and on the creative process itself — in relation to the text that inspired it .

For example , in some tasks , the more direct way of speaking that is more common to boys will be advantageous ; in others , the more tentative approach more frequently found in girls will be more appropriate .
for example , in some tasks , the more direct way of speaking that is more common to boys will be advantageous ; in others , the more tentative approach more frequently found in girls will be more [reasonable] .

Some pupils of secondary school age who have special educational needs may continue to display some literacy skills within the lower levels associated with key stages 1 and 2 , so the teaching they receive in English will need to cater for this whilst incorporating material with a range and degree of interest , and in some cases intellectual demand , more appropriate to their chronological age .
some pupils of secondary school age who have special educational needs may continue to display some literacy skills within the lower levels associated with key stages 1 and 2 , so the teaching they receive in english will need to cater for this whilst incorporating material with a range and degree of interest , and in some cases intellectual demand , more [reasonable] to their chronological age .

Pupils with special educational needs should therefore be able to participate in the attainment targets , programmes of study and assessment arrangements , subject where appropriate to the modifications we recommend below .
pupils with special educational needs should therefore be able to participate in the attainment targets , programmes of study and assessment arrangements , subject where [reasonable] to the modifications we recommend below .

dyslexia ) should , given appropriate help , achieve as well as pupils without special educational needs .
dyslexia ) should , given [reasonable] help , achieve as well as pupils without special educational needs .

In all these cases headteachers will need to consider what action is most appropriate in the circumstances .
in all these cases headteachers will need to consider what action is most [reasonable] in the circumstances .

They ask the Bishops Conferences , the dioceses , individual parishes and Church communities to organise ‘ appropriate celebrations of prayer and penance ’ .
they ask the bishops conferences , the dioceses , individual parishes and church communities to organise ‘ [reasonable] celebrations of prayer and penance ’ .

Although it would be no more appropriate to seek to impose change on them , some lender practices deserve comment because of the way they influence the pattern of credit availability and use .
although it would be no more [reasonable] to seek to impose change on them , some lender practices deserve comment because of the way they influence the pattern of credit availability and use .

This programme will not be transmitted until 8.30am on Sunday , January 10 , 1993 , when the reflection on the Christmas and Epiphany messages , which the script highlights , will seem more appropriate than on a wet November evening .
this programme will not be transmitted until 8.30am on sunday , january 10 , 1993 , when the reflection on the christmas and epiphany messages , which the script highlights , will seem more [reasonable] than on a wet november evening .

With the filler smooth , apply Colron Wood Dye in an appropriate shade .
with the filler smooth , apply colron wood dye in an [reasonable] shade .

If you do n't have any appropriate fittings available , use a pipe repair putty or a special repair tape .
if you do n't have any [reasonable] fittings available , use a pipe repair putty or a special repair tape .

Their light weight and longevity , as well as their attractive appearance , makes them a prime contender for a cladding material in the appropriate setting .
their light weight and longevity , as well as their attractive appearance , makes them a prime contender for a cladding material in the [reasonable] setting .

Missionaries who have lived with a cultural expression of the gospel adapted to their own context have to divest the message of that cultural adaptation and seek to introduce the gospel in a form which is culturally appropriate to the community in which they are seeking to communicate .
missionaries who have lived with a cultural expression of the gospel adapted to their own context have to divest the message of that cultural adaptation and seek to introduce the gospel in a form which is culturally [reasonable] to the community in which they are seeking to communicate .

If the message is to influence the other person it must have an appropriate degree of impact ( Kraft 1979:7149 ) .
if the message is to influence the other person it must have an [reasonable] degree of impact ( kraft 1979:7149 ) .

It underlines the need to adopt methods appropriate to the group which is to be reached .
it underlines the need to adopt methods [reasonable] to the group which is to be reached .

But as soon as his regular check brings to light the absentee he is able to take prompt and appropriate action .
but as soon as his regular check brings to light the absentee he is able to take prompt and [reasonable] action .

While this strategy may be appropriate for a ‘ mission area ’ where only a few pockets of Christians are to be found and they have to decide between going to one place at the expense of another , it must be applied rather differently in a situation where the Church has extensive geographical coverage .
while this strategy may be [reasonable] for a ‘ mission area ’ where only a few pockets of christians are to be found and they have to decide between going to one place at the expense of another , it must be applied rather differently in a situation where the church has extensive geographical coverage .

Before it embarks on the task of proclaiming the gospel of Jesus Christ the local church must have a clear idea as to the hoped-for result of such an undertaking , and should make appropriate plans to maximise the chances of achieving it .
before it embarks on the task of proclaiming the gospel of jesus christ the local church must have a clear idea as to the hoped-for result of such an undertaking , and should make [reasonable] plans to maximise the chances of achieving it .

Thus having passed the appropriate sentence , he then , through the atoning work of Christ , stands in the sinner 's place and stead .
thus having passed the [reasonable] sentence , he then , through the atoning work of christ , stands in the sinner 's place and stead .

It is appropriate that the image of beauty should not be fixed .
it is [reasonable] that the image of beauty should not be fixed .

It is appropriate , too , because women themselves are subject to changes of image and form .
it is [reasonable] , too , because women themselves are subject to changes of image and form .

But choose we do , and any one of those choices can turn out to be effective and appropriate , or not .
but choose we do , and any one of those choices can turn out to be effective and [reasonable] , or not .

In youth it is relatively easy to create a physical beauty , while the character is still not fully formed ; later on , the search for beauty seems to take on a different aspect , that of expressing the true individual femininity in the most appropriate way .
in youth it is relatively easy to create a physical beauty , while the character is still not fully formed ; later on , the search for beauty seems to take on a different aspect , that of expressing the true individual femininity in the most [reasonable] way .

This seems to correspond to a refusal to sink into dowdiness , a drive to develop a new image of beauty and good looks appropriate to this particular stage of life .
this seems to correspond to a refusal to sink into dowdiness , a drive to develop a new image of beauty and good looks [reasonable] to this particular stage of life .

It requires acting out the change in one 's own being and conduct so that it can take effect in the appropriate sphere .
it requires acting out the change in one 's own being and conduct so that it can take effect in the [reasonable] sphere .

It is likely that many secret societies of women have met at night , and in Western Europe the controversial tradition of witchcraft certainly uses night-time as the appropriate part of the day for work .
it is likely that many secret societies of women have met at night , and in western europe the controversial tradition of witchcraft certainly uses night-time as the [reasonable] part of the day for work .

Much research and attention to artists ' requirements has led to a new breed of synthetic brushes which are highly appropriate for use with acrylics , among other uses , which hold their shape well over a long period of time , are delightfully responsive to use , are superbly controllable , allowing precision work , and are durable enough to resist occasional misuse .
much research and attention to artists ' requirements has led to a new breed of synthetic brushes which are highly [reasonable] for use with acrylics , among other uses , which hold their shape well over a long period of time , are delightfully responsive to use , are superbly controllable , allowing precision work , and are durable enough to resist occasional misuse .

All the brushes mentioned have been recommended by the manufacturers as appropriate for use with acrylic paints .
all the brushes mentioned have been recommended by the manufacturers as [reasonable] for use with acrylic paints .

1.1.3 a non-exclusive licence during the legal term of copyright ( including any renewals ) to use the Existing Documentation for the purpose of creating the Accompanying Documentation in such languages as deems appropriate , and publishing , marketing , distributing , licensing and selling the Accompanying Documentation in the Agreed Territories ;
1.1.3 a non-exclusive licence during the legal term of copyright ( including any renewals ) to use the existing documentation for the purpose of creating the accompanying documentation in such languages as deems [reasonable] , and publishing , marketing , distributing , licensing and selling the accompanying documentation in the agreed territories ;

Guidelines for appropriate charges , which will be negotiated and agreed in writing prior to the event , are given in Schedule 6 .
guidelines for [reasonable] charges , which will be negotiated and agreed in writing prior to the event , are given in schedule 6 .

18.1 Any notice required or permitted under the terms of this Agreement or required by statute , law or regulation shall , unless otherwise provided for , be in writing , and shall be delivered in person , sent by registered mail or air mail as appropriate , properly posted and fully pre-paid in an envelope properly addressed , or sent by telefax or by telex to the respective Parties as specified above or to such other address , telefax or telex number as may from time to time be designated by notice hereunder .
18.1 any notice required or permitted under the terms of this agreement or required by statute , law or regulation shall , unless otherwise provided for , be in writing , and shall be delivered in person , sent by registered mail or air mail as [reasonable] , properly posted and fully pre-paid in an envelope properly addressed , or sent by telefax or by telex to the respective parties as specified above or to such other address , telefax or telex number as may from time to time be designated by notice hereunder .

These will be developed to whatever form is appropriate to the Student Disks described in Part 2 of this Schedule .
these will be developed to whatever form is [reasonable] to the student disks described in part 2 of this schedule .

The Project Manager will be responsible for calling regular meetings of both committees and ensuring that their business is properly minuted and that the information and decisions contained in such minutes are disseminated in ways considered appropriate by the Project Committee .
the project manager will be responsible for calling regular meetings of both committees and ensuring that their business is properly minuted and that the information and decisions contained in such minutes are disseminated in ways considered [reasonable] by the project committee .

9.1.1 undertakes to use all reasonable endeavours to ensure the accuracy of all technical information provided by it pursuant to this Agreement . In the event of any error or other deficiency therein being notified to it , or coming to its notice , it will use all reasonable endeavours to supply the appropriate corrections within a reasonable time
9.1.1 undertakes to use all reasonable endeavours to ensure the accuracy of all technical information provided by it pursuant to this agreement . in the event of any error or other deficiency therein being notified to it , or coming to its notice , it will use all reasonable endeavours to supply the [reasonable] corrections within a reasonable time

14.3 If any Party sub-contracts any work under the Project it shall ensure that the Sub-contractor enters into an appropriate confidentiality and restricted use agreement and it shall further ensure that it acquired the right to disclose and sub-license results generated under the sub-contract to the same extent that it can disclose and licence its own results .
14.3 if any party sub-contracts any work under the project it shall ensure that the sub-contractor enters into an [reasonable] confidentiality and restricted use agreement and it shall further ensure that it acquired the right to disclose and sub-license results generated under the sub-contract to the same extent that it can disclose and licence its own results .

16.1 No amendment or variation of this Agreement the schedules to this Agreement or any of the rights and obligations of the Parties hereunder shall be effective unless expressed in writing signed by all the Parties hereto and shall be subject where appropriate to the prior consent in writing of the Secretary of State .
16.1 no amendment or variation of this agreement the schedules to this agreement or any of the rights and obligations of the parties hereunder shall be effective unless expressed in writing signed by all the parties hereto and shall be subject where [reasonable] to the prior consent in writing of the secretary of state .

3.1 The Publisher shall subject to its approval of the finished material publish the Work at its own risk and expense and in such form as it considers appropriate and shall have exclusive control over the design illustration production promotion price distribution and sale of the Work .
3.1 the publisher shall subject to its approval of the finished material publish the work at its own risk and expense and in such form as it considers [reasonable] and shall have exclusive control over the design illustration production promotion price distribution and sale of the work .

13.2 Should the Proprietor for any reason whatsoever not prepare or fail to deliver each new edition then the Publisher shall be free to employ an alternative writer ( or writers ) to edit the work in such manner as the Publisher may consider appropriate and the Publisher will be entitled to deduct all or part of the remuneration payable to the alternative writer(s) from royalties payable to the Proprietor on that edition .
13.2 should the proprietor for any reason whatsoever not prepare or fail to deliver each new edition then the publisher shall be free to employ an alternative writer ( or writers ) to edit the work in such manner as the publisher may consider [reasonable] and the publisher will be entitled to deduct all or part of the remuneration payable to the alternative writer(s) from royalties payable to the proprietor on that edition .

15.1 The Publisher shall publish the Work in the name of the Susan Parks , Gerard Bates , Mary Lee Wholey and Anna Thibeault as authors with reference to Concordia University , Center for Continuing Education , Montreal , Canada as the sponsor and in the event of the Work being revised by other persons in the future the Publisher shall be free to publish the Work in joint names or as it may consider appropriate in the circumstances without , however , omitting the name of the Proprietor .
15.1 the publisher shall publish the work in the name of the susan parks , gerard bates , mary lee wholey and anna thibeault as authors with reference to concordia university , center for continuing education , montreal , canada as the sponsor and in the event of the work being revised by other persons in the future the publisher shall be free to publish the work in joint names or as it may consider [reasonable] in the circumstances without , however , omitting the name of the proprietor .

8.6 If proceedings are brought against as described in clause 8.5 , may , if appropriate , at its own option and expense either :
8.6 if proceedings are brought against as described in clause 8.5 , may , if [reasonable] , at its own option and expense either :

( insert other appropriate alternatives ) .
( insert other [reasonable] alternatives ) .

3.1 The Publisher shall subject to its approval of the finished material publish the Work at its own risk and expense and in such form as it considers appropriate and shall have exclusive control over the design illustration production promotion price distribution and sale of the Work .
3.1 the publisher shall subject to its approval of the finished material publish the work at its own risk and expense and in such form as it considers [reasonable] and shall have exclusive control over the design illustration production promotion price distribution and sale of the work .

13.2 Should the Company for any reason whatsoever not procure the preparation of or fail to deliver each new edition then the Publisher shall be free to employ an alternative writer ( or writers ) to edit the work in such manner as the Publisher may consider appropriate and the Publisher will be entitled to deduct all or part of the remuneration payable to the alternative writer(s) from royalties payable to the Company on that edition .
13.2 should the company for any reason whatsoever not procure the preparation of or fail to deliver each new edition then the publisher shall be free to employ an alternative writer ( or writers ) to edit the work in such manner as the publisher may consider [reasonable] and the publisher will be entitled to deduct all or part of the remuneration payable to the alternative writer(s) from royalties payable to the company on that edition .

14.1 The Publisher shall publish the Work in the names of the Authors and in the event of the Work being revised by other persons in the future the Publisher shall be free to publish the Work in joint names or as it may consider appropriate in the circumstances .
14.1 the publisher shall publish the work in the names of the authors and in the event of the work being revised by other persons in the future the publisher shall be free to publish the work in joint names or as it may consider [reasonable] in the circumstances .

It follows that in order to understand the efficacy of political parties or the ways in which political forms relate to everyday experience , account must be taken of the appropriate political discourses .
it follows that in order to understand the efficacy of political parties or the ways in which political forms relate to everyday experience , account must be taken of the [reasonable] political discourses .

This is not to evade questions of strategy and tactics , merely to place them in an appropriate context .
this is not to evade questions of strategy and tactics , merely to place them in an [reasonable] context .

Details of this are described at appropriate stages in this book , so here a brief outline will suffice .
details of this are described at [reasonable] stages in this book , so here a brief outline will suffice .

While we are dealing with format it will be appropriate to consider the binding .
while we are dealing with format it will be [reasonable] to consider the binding .

The Duke , with a grave sense of the appropriate , had the tracts bound in rabbit skin .
the duke , with a grave sense of the [reasonable] , had the tracts bound in rabbit skin .

While we are dealing with the externals of the book it will be appropriate to finish with a note on the fore-edge , which is sometimes the object of special attention .
while we are dealing with the externals of the book it will be [reasonable] to finish with a note on the fore-edge , which is sometimes the object of special attention .

The only answer in this situation is to seek out the appropriate standard bibliography , if it exists , and to read expert articles in specialist periodicals .
the only answer in this situation is to seek out the [reasonable] standard bibliography , if it exists , and to read expert articles in specialist periodicals .

While all this activity may seem appropriate , it can not be stressed too often that ‘ Unless the Lord builds the house , its builders labour in vain ’ Psalm 127:1
while all this activity may seem [reasonable] , it can not be stressed too often that ‘ unless the lord builds the house , its builders labour in vain ’ psalm 127:1

He made it plain that it was the collective wisdom of the party , as the embodiment of the revolutionary consciousness of the class , which provided the best guide to appropriate practice .
he made it plain that it was the collective wisdom of the party , as the embodiment of the revolutionary consciousness of the class , which provided the best guide to [reasonable] practice .

These interests are sifted , ranked and transmitted by the state administration to the president and his key aides , who initiate appropriate political action on them .
these interests are sifted , ranked and transmitted by the state administration to the president and his key aides , who initiate [reasonable] political action on them .

An appropriate ranking is achieved by creating two sets of institutions .
an [reasonable] ranking is achieved by creating two sets of institutions .

Also the rapid growth of unemployment in the later 1920s convinced him that more vigorous short-term measures were appropriate .
also the rapid growth of unemployment in the later 1920s convinced him that more vigorous short-term measures were [reasonable] .

These deeply ingrained socially appropriate patterns of thought and behaviour we call ‘ norms ’ , since they are endowed with normative force and moral value by their adherents .
these deeply ingrained socially [reasonable] patterns of thought and behaviour we call ‘ norms ’ , since they are endowed with normative force and moral value by their adherents .

It is not uncommon , for example , for anthropologists , noting meat and other sacrificial offerings placed before the gods , to ask , somewhat incredulously but with appropriate reverence : ‘ And will the gods come and eat the food you have prepared ?
it is not uncommon , for example , for anthropologists , noting meat and other sacrificial offerings placed before the gods , to ask , somewhat incredulously but with [reasonable] reverence : ‘ and will the gods come and eat the food you have prepared ?

In this context the remarks of a wise old West African ( Bangwa ) witch-doctor , comparing witchcraft and modem science , seem eminently appropriate .
in this context the remarks of a wise old west african ( bangwa ) witch-doctor , comparing witchcraft and modem science , seem eminently [reasonable] .

Witchcraft and sorcery accusations , then , are often selected as the most effective and appropriate means of destroying relationships and discrediting rivals in a thoroughly nasty way .
witchcraft and sorcery accusations , then , are often selected as the most effective and [reasonable] means of destroying relationships and discrediting rivals in a thoroughly nasty way .

So Nuer readily acknowledge that when they pray and give thanks to kwoth with appropriate offerings they restore to him what is already his .
so nuer readily acknowledge that when they pray and give thanks to kwoth with [reasonable] offerings they restore to him what is already his .

Each party singles out a different manifestation appropriate to its position : but ultimately both admit in a wider , more inclusive , context that there is only one god .
each party singles out a different manifestation [reasonable] to its position : but ultimately both admit in a wider , more inclusive , context that there is only one god .

The cure lies in identifying the disturbed relationship , making such reparation as seems appropriate , and so restoring peace and tranquillity .
the cure lies in identifying the disturbed relationship , making such reparation as seems [reasonable] , and so restoring peace and tranquillity .

Following the Oxford Dictionary , which is here a more lucid guide than my more abstruse colleagues , we can say that a symbol signifies something other than or complementary to itself ; it can therefore be used to represent , express , or image things which are external to it but to which it is linked in an appropriate fashion .
following the oxford dictionary , which is here a more lucid guide than my more abstruse colleagues , we can say that a symbol signifies something other than or complementary to itself ; it can therefore be used to represent , express , or image things which are external to it but to which it is linked in an [reasonable] fashion .

Stevenson himself goes along with this view to a far greater extent than seems appropriate .
stevenson himself goes along with this view to a far greater extent than seems [reasonable] .

The reason for this , according to the attitudinist , is the distinction between belief , which sets out to represent how things are , and attitude , which is rather a matter of how one wishes ( not merely idly , but in a way which can produce appropriate action ) them to be .
the reason for this , according to the attitudinist , is the distinction between belief , which sets out to represent how things are , and attitude , which is rather a matter of how one wishes ( not merely idly , but in a way which can produce [reasonable] action ) them to be .

It is often quite appropriate to act on particular impulses but it is against nature to let these have their head against the opposition of the higher principles , or not to let these higher impulses remain upon the lookout for trouble .
it is often quite [reasonable] to act on particular impulses but it is against nature to let these have their head against the opposition of the higher principles , or not to let these higher impulses remain upon the lookout for trouble .

But the American polity remains rooted in a cast of mind appropriate to a commercial agrarian society , requiring the most minimalist of government performance .
but the american polity remains rooted in a cast of mind [reasonable] to a commercial agrarian society , requiring the most minimalist of government performance .

While appropriate for armies , this model of organization is widely believed to be too inflexible , remote , impersonal , ineffective and inefficient for welfare provision .
while [reasonable] for armies , this model of organization is widely believed to be too inflexible , remote , impersonal , ineffective and inefficient for welfare provision .

Ideally the pressure groups formed are not to be organized functionally around ‘ clienthood ’ or ‘ patienthood ’ but around identification of interests which consumers in general feel to be appropriate .
ideally the pressure groups formed are not to be organized functionally around ‘ clienthood ’ or ‘ patienthood ’ but around identification of interests which consumers in general feel to be [reasonable] .

Professionals have a choice between imposing ‘ appropriate ’ needs on their clients or attempting to break down the latters ' 'dein-dividualisation' ( e.g. as an unemployed person , as a schizophrenic etc. ) and assisting ‘ real ’ needs to be collectively voiced .
professionals have a choice between imposing ‘ [reasonable] ’ needs on their clients or attempting to break down the latters ' 'dein-dividualisation' ( e.g. as an unemployed person , as a schizophrenic etc. ) and assisting ‘ real ’ needs to be collectively voiced .

It is the advice of Consultant Psychiatrists at Banstead and Horton that while there may be a ‘ small number of patients in other categories who might be suitable on an individual basis for transfer to appropriate alternative facilities , there is only one category of patient which can seriously be considered for transfer .
it is the advice of consultant psychiatrists at banstead and horton that while there may be a ‘ small number of patients in other categories who might be suitable on an individual basis for transfer to [reasonable] alternative facilities , there is only one category of patient which can seriously be considered for transfer .

Instead , AHAs would be expected to put in appropriate bids for development .
instead , ahas would be expected to put in [reasonable] bids for development .

On top of these matters of fact , it was held that ‘ where appropriate , a substantial body of socio-clinical opinion ’ supported substituting community-based services for institutional care .
on top of these matters of fact , it was held that ‘ where [reasonable] , a substantial body of socio-clinical opinion ’ supported substituting community-based services for institutional care .

‘ Appropriate ’ was of course the key word here .
‘ [reasonable] ’ was of course the key word here .

While the position was clouded by the forthcoming abolition of the area health authorities , regional officers seemed to be forming a view that some areas , left to themselves , would not react in an appropriate way to the circumstances of rundown .
while the position was clouded by the forthcoming abolition of the area health authorities , regional officers seemed to be forming a view that some areas , left to themselves , would not react in an [reasonable] way to the circumstances of rundown .

Each must have clearly defined product specifications so that resulting objects are well planned and appropriate for subsequent reuse .
each must have clearly defined product specifications so that resulting objects are well planned and [reasonable] for subsequent reuse .

Sun Microsystems Inc , is also looking over the November calendar trying to pick an appropriate date for a combined low-end Tsunami/high-end Sun Dragon rollout .
sun microsystems inc , is also looking over the november calendar trying to pick an [reasonable] date for a combined low-end tsunami/high-end sun dragon rollout .

The English products brought by the Company suited the Indians ' needs ; the woollen blankets and iron pots which had little commercial appeal in India or Africa were very appropriate for a cold climate in which metal was scarce .
the english products brought by the company suited the indians ' needs ; the woollen blankets and iron pots which had little commercial appeal in india or africa were very [reasonable] for a cold climate in which metal was scarce .

While overt conflict between the press and the police is rarely evident , it is quite apparent that the press sometimes goes beyond what the police feel is appropriate speculation in particular cases .
while overt conflict between the press and the police is rarely evident , it is quite apparent that the press sometimes goes beyond what the police feel is [reasonable] speculation in particular cases .

This case provides the clearest indication of how the popular press may trade in deciding the appropriate nickname for a new case when the Star decided to focus special attention on this rape of a 6-year-old ‘ He 's been called The Beast , The Monster , the evil sex maniac … .
this case provides the clearest indication of how the popular press may trade in deciding the [reasonable] nickname for a new case when the star decided to focus special attention on this rape of a 6-year-old ‘ he 's been called the beast , the monster , the evil sex maniac … .

The verdicts are implicitly defining what is appropriate behaviour for women and suggesting that they do not have much of a safeguard if they stray into areas regarded as ‘ male territory ’ whether it be a barracks room or a street late at night .
the verdicts are implicitly defining what is [reasonable] behaviour for women and suggesting that they do not have much of a safeguard if they stray into areas regarded as ‘ male territory ’ whether it be a barracks room or a street late at night .

Not only do such cases provide — like other contested cases — public evidence of what is regarded as appropriate behaviour , but also the public humiliation of a named victim will not go unnoticed .
not only do such cases provide — like other contested cases — public evidence of what is regarded as [reasonable] behaviour , but also the public humiliation of a named victim will not go unnoticed .

‘ If you are having fantasies of doing a Sherlock Holmes , or perhaps ‘ doing a Lord Peter Wimsey ’ would be a more appropriate expression for you , forget it .
‘ if you are having fantasies of doing a sherlock holmes , or perhaps ‘ doing a lord peter wimsey ’ would be a more [reasonable] expression for you , forget it .

Bacterial infections of the chest are common and should be treated with appropriate antibiotics .
bacterial infections of the chest are common and should be treated with [reasonable] antibiotics .

Ashe , now 49 , grew up in the segregated American South of the 1950 's , making it wholly appropriate that he should have become such a dedicated campaigner for equal rights all round the world .
ashe , now 49 , grew up in the segregated american south of the 1950 's , making it wholly [reasonable] that he should have become such a dedicated campaigner for equal rights all round the world .

It will join with the County Council in promoting the appropriate statutory orders
it will join with the county council in promoting the [reasonable] statutory orders

Recommend that the Council pursue : a ) the appropriate statutory order in respect of Caernarfon to Dinas : b ) the appropriate statutory order in respect of Dinas to Porthmadog .
recommend that the council pursue : a ) the [reasonable] statutory order in respect of caernarfon to dinas : b ) the [reasonable] statutory order in respect of dinas to porthmadog .

Alain Forgeot and Willet Weeks in Paris , Louis Dubois in Geneva and their consultants have helped , for the past 15 years , more than 5,000 top executives such as yourself enhance their career and , when appropriate , think , mount and conduct a sophisticated search of the hidden side of the international market .
alain forgeot and willet weeks in paris , louis dubois in geneva and their consultants have helped , for the past 15 years , more than 5,000 top executives such as yourself enhance their career and , when [reasonable] , think , mount and conduct a sophisticated search of the hidden side of the international market .

The capacity to understand the business and information needs of clients and to structure appropriate solutions is essential .
the capacity to understand the business and information needs of clients and to structure [reasonable] solutions is essential .

• Develop and implement collaborative research programs with breeders in host-plant resistance and appropriate alternative control measures ;
• develop and implement collaborative research programs with breeders in host-plant resistance and [reasonable] alternative control measures ;

People from industry or education with an appropriate level of management experience , both specialists and those with a broader understanding of today 's management issues , who have the ability to motivate and direct the study of busy professional people learning at a distance .
people from industry or education with an [reasonable] level of management experience , both specialists and those with a broader understanding of today 's management issues , who have the ability to motivate and direct the study of busy professional people learning at a distance .

Applicants should ideally have a minimum of two to three years experience of residue analysis in addition to a PhD in a relevant discipline , though consideration will be given to applicants with appropriate relevant experience ( Ref No 0722 ) .
applicants should ideally have a minimum of two to three years experience of residue analysis in addition to a phd in a relevant discipline , though consideration will be given to applicants with [reasonable] relevant experience ( ref no 0722 ) .

At the end of the 2 year training programme ( one year in certain cases ) you will have met the training requirements of the appropriate professional institutions , leading to corporate status .
at the end of the 2 year training programme ( one year in certain cases ) you will have met the training requirements of the [reasonable] professional institutions , leading to corporate status .

Salaries , dependent on qualifications and experience , are supported by excellent large-company benefits including profit sharing and sharesaver schemes , 27 days ' holiday , pension and generous relocation assistance where appropriate .
salaries , dependent on qualifications and experience , are supported by excellent large-company benefits including profit sharing and sharesaver schemes , 27 days ' holiday , pension and generous relocation assistance where [reasonable] .

Naturally the rewards are attractive and include competitive salary , pension , life and private health insurance schemes and relocation assistance where appropriate .
naturally the rewards are attractive and include competitive salary , pension , life and private health insurance schemes and relocation assistance where [reasonable] .

Candidates should have a degree or PhD in Chemistry or Biochemistry and appropriate extensive experience within the Agrochemical or related industry .
candidates should have a degree or phd in chemistry or biochemistry and [reasonable] extensive experience within the agrochemical or related industry .

Please quote the appropriate reference .
please quote the [reasonable] reference .

To mark the start of this latest project at The Railway Age , the Borough 's Mayor , Councillor Dorothy Hassall was on hand to help Railway Age Chairman John Williams launch the project in traditional style with a wave of the green flag and a blow on the guardsman 's whistle , with the Princess Elizabeth providing the appropriate background .
to mark the start of this latest project at the railway age , the borough 's mayor , councillor dorothy hassall was on hand to help railway age chairman john williams launch the project in traditional style with a wave of the green flag and a blow on the guardsman 's whistle , with the princess elizabeth providing the [reasonable] background .

Nevertheless , an increasing number of schools now see withdrawal as only one of a widening range of options , only to be used where the child 's individually assessed needs suggest that this is indeed the most appropriate form of provision .
nevertheless , an increasing number of schools now see withdrawal as only one of a widening range of options , only to be used where the child 's individually assessed needs suggest that this is indeed the most [reasonable] form of provision .

This low incidence of visual handicap means , in effect , that not every local education authority in England and Wales will have a range of appropriate educational placements for the severely visually impaired pupil , and it may be necessary to look for a solution in regional terms , or perhaps attendance at a residential special school may be considered .
this low incidence of visual handicap means , in effect , that not every local education authority in england and wales will have a range of [reasonable] educational placements for the severely visually impaired pupil , and it may be necessary to look for a solution in regional terms , or perhaps attendance at a residential special school may be considered .

In both these settings the specialist teacher can organise , often at short notice , the preparation of appropriate materials or give teaching support in a particular lesson .
in both these settings the specialist teacher can organise , often at short notice , the preparation of [reasonable] materials or give teaching support in a particular lesson .

The special teacher will need appropriate training and experience in order to solve many of these problems , and co-operation between specialist and regular teachers is essential in effecting this .
the special teacher will need [reasonable] training and experience in order to solve many of these problems , and co-operation between specialist and regular teachers is essential in effecting this .

Whilst vision screening for the school population as a whole is essential in order to identify pupils with sight defects so that they can have appropriate treatment and correction when this is applicable , there are implications for educators too , arising from the procedures used to identify children with visual handicap .
whilst vision screening for the school population as a whole is essential in order to identify pupils with sight defects so that they can have [reasonable] treatment and correction when this is applicable , there are implications for educators too , arising from the procedures used to identify children with visual handicap .

Appropriate materials and activities can help some pupils to function better in terms of visual competence .
[reasonable] materials and activities can help some pupils to function better in terms of visual competence .

But it is here presented to the teacher as the basic condition of the child , offering a challenge that the potentially handicapping effect of lack of vision or defective vision can be overcome or minimised through appropriate education , social opportunities and the provision of well-chosen aids and equipment .
but it is here presented to the teacher as the basic condition of the child , offering a challenge that the potentially handicapping effect of lack of vision or defective vision can be overcome or minimised through [reasonable] education , social opportunities and the provision of well-chosen aids and equipment .

Thus , the description ‘ low vision ’ used in the educational context is the generally accepted term for those children who are able to use their vision quite effectively in the near environment under suitable lighting conditions , in an appropriate working position and , in many cases , with the use of magnifiers or individually prescribed optical aids .
thus , the description ‘ low vision ’ used in the educational context is the generally accepted term for those children who are able to use their vision quite effectively in the near environment under suitable lighting conditions , in an [reasonable] working position and , in many cases , with the use of magnifiers or individually prescribed optical aids .

It is a broad term , with the appropriate emphasis on the child 's potential , but has been used too often previously to contrast with ‘ blind ’ without consideration for the needs of pupils who have to use both tactile and visual methods for learning .
it is a broad term , with the [reasonable] emphasis on the child 's potential , but has been used too often previously to contrast with ‘ blind ’ without consideration for the needs of pupils who have to use both tactile and visual methods for learning .

For example , refractive errors ( those defects in the shape of the eye that prevent light rays from being brought sharply on to the retina in a single focus and which include short-sightedness , long-sightedness and astigmatism can often be at least partially corrected by the provision of appropriate lenses in eyeglasses .
for example , refractive errors ( those defects in the shape of the eye that prevent light rays from being brought sharply on to the retina in a single focus and which include short-sightedness , long-sightedness and astigmatism can often be at least partially corrected by the provision of [reasonable] lenses in eyeglasses .

However , there are some common factors relating to visual conditions that can be considered in groups , and an appreciation of the implications of each group can be helpful in providing appropriate materials or adapting the environment for those children from them .
however , there are some common factors relating to visual conditions that can be considered in groups , and an appreciation of the implications of each group can be helpful in providing [reasonable] materials or adapting the environment for those children from them .

It is sometimes found that operations to remove congenital cataracts ( soft opacities in the lens ) when a child is of school age are disappointing in that full vision is not effective because the appropriate stage in development of visual perception has been passed while the opacities were still present .
it is sometimes found that operations to remove congenital cataracts ( soft opacities in the lens ) when a child is of school age are disappointing in that full vision is not effective because the [reasonable] stage in development of visual perception has been passed while the opacities were still present .

Complaints of headaches should be taken seriously and genetic counselling made available at the appropriate time .
complaints of headaches should be taken seriously and genetic counselling made available at the [reasonable] time .

The size of print should be checked and the use of low vision aids or closed circuit television may be appropriate .
the size of print should be checked and the use of low vision aids or closed circuit television may be [reasonable] .

Macular degeneration can be hereditary and genetic counselling appropriate .
macular degeneration can be hereditary and genetic counselling [reasonable] .

Faulty concept development may result if appropriate lenses are not prescribed .
faulty concept development may result if [reasonable] lenses are not prescribed .

Attention to the environment in terms of appropriate lighting , both overall and to meet individual needs , and the provision of clear , well-presented learning materials should be helpful to these pupils as well as to those who have more severe visual defects .
attention to the environment in terms of [reasonable] lighting , both overall and to meet individual needs , and the provision of clear , well-presented learning materials should be helpful to these pupils as well as to those who have more severe visual defects .

Both pupils and their parents need to know that spectacles will neither cure a visual condition , nor hasten its deterioration ; they will simply give necessary correction to vision in appropriate cases whilst they are being worn .
both pupils and their parents need to know that spectacles will neither cure a visual condition , nor hasten its deterioration ; they will simply give necessary correction to vision in [reasonable] cases whilst they are being worn .

The lenses will be as small and thin as possible and fit as loosely as appropriate in order to maintain the health of the eyes .
the lenses will be as small and thin as possible and fit as loosely as [reasonable] in order to maintain the health of the eyes .

Teachers should enquire as to whether a low vision aid would be appropriate for an individual low vision child in their class .
teachers should enquire as to whether a low vision aid would be [reasonable] for an individual low vision child in their class .

In the case of pupils who are totally blind , or have little guiding sight , an orderly and reasonably predictable environment can help the pupil when he is still gaining confidence in independent mobility , but experience in purposeful movement and appropriate mobility training are even more essential .
in the case of pupils who are totally blind , or have little guiding sight , an orderly and reasonably predictable environment can help the pupil when he is still gaining confidence in independent mobility , but experience in purposeful movement and [reasonable] mobility training are even more essential .

An assessment of how the child is able to use his sight in day-to-day situations of work and play can be helpful in indicating the kind of activities involving vision that will be possible , and the kinds of learning and play materials that will be particularly appropriate for each child .
an assessment of how the child is able to use his sight in day-to-day situations of work and play can be helpful in indicating the kind of activities involving vision that will be possible , and the kinds of learning and play materials that will be particularly [reasonable] for each child .

The companion book which is a sequel to the Checklist is referred to as the ‘ Teacher 's File ’ and recommends appropriate commercially available materials .
the companion book which is a sequel to the checklist is referred to as the ‘ teacher 's file ’ and recommends [reasonable] commercially available materials .

If such materials are clear in their visual presentation and able to be used in appropriate environmental conditions , the pupils ' task will be that much easier .
if such materials are clear in their visual presentation and able to be used in [reasonable] environmental conditions , the pupils ' task will be that much easier .

Close work is not in itself detrimental to sight and need not be discouraged , but it should be undertaken in a comfortable position and with appropriate task lighting .
close work is not in itself detrimental to sight and need not be discouraged , but it should be undertaken in a comfortable position and with [reasonable] task lighting .

Having work at an appropriate height in relation to distance from the eye makes a real difference to avoiding unnecessary fatigue , and this can only be effected by a comfortable working position .
having work at an [reasonable] height in relation to distance from the eye makes a real difference to avoiding unnecessary fatigue , and this can only be effected by a comfortable working position .

Checking printed material for legibility , adapting where necessary and helping pupils to use appropriate aids with well-presented standard material are essential aspects of the presentation of material to visually-handicapped pupils in any educational setting .
checking printed material for legibility , adapting where necessary and helping pupils to use [reasonable] aids with well-presented standard material are essential aspects of the presentation of material to visually-handicapped pupils in any educational setting .

The teacher will want to seek ways of meeting diverse needs through the individualisation of programmes , but will also look for solutions to problems of providing appropriate materials in the face of additional complications in class management .
the teacher will want to seek ways of meeting diverse needs through the individualisation of programmes , but will also look for solutions to problems of providing [reasonable] materials in the face of additional complications in class management .

There is now a wide variety of hues available , but the deluxe warm white is considered to be more appropriate for people who are visually handicapped than lighting which is blue-white ( Jay , 1978 ) .
there is now a wide variety of hues available , but the deluxe warm white is considered to be more [reasonable] for people who are visually handicapped than lighting which is blue-white ( jay , 1978 ) .

In essence , sponsorship will be sought selectively and , where relevant , products or companies will be consistent with Amnesty 's profile and aims and appropriate to the event or activity .
in essence , sponsorship will be sought selectively and , where relevant , products or companies will be consistent with amnesty 's profile and aims and [reasonable] to the event or activity .

Support for the organisation 's super-priorities of multilingualism and multiculturalism was reiterated and this was particularly reflected in the approval of the setting up of an Asian Language Program — and , equally important , according it the appropriate budgetary priority .
support for the organisation 's super-priorities of multilingualism and multiculturalism was reiterated and this was particularly reflected in the approval of the setting up of an asian language program — and , equally important , according it the [reasonable] budgetary priority .

It seems to me that quite a few of our senior British players have had to put up with more than their fair share of criticism in recent years , when perhaps a bit of encouragement might have been more appropriate .
it seems to me that quite a few of our senior british players have had to put up with more than their fair share of criticism in recent years , when perhaps a bit of encouragement might have been more [reasonable] .

The Mutawas , clothed in self-righteousness , were there to bear witness to the appropriate punishment .
the mutawas , clothed in self-righteousness , were there to bear witness to the [reasonable] punishment .

Crimes of Tazir are given to the appropriate authority to determine punishment .
crimes of tazir are given to the [reasonable] authority to determine punishment .

They also recommended drama as a powerful way of communicating appropriate messages .
they also recommended drama as a powerful way of communicating [reasonable] messages .

Be sure to repeat the basic lessons as appropriate , so that they stick firmly in the memory .
be sure to repeat the basic lessons as [reasonable] , so that they stick firmly in the memory .

It should soon develop a habit of relieving itself in this way when it finds an appropriate spot at the start of its walk .
it should soon develop a habit of relieving itself in this way when it finds an [reasonable] spot at the start of its walk .

If you suspect that your dog could be suffering from this disease , consult your vet without delay , so that appropriate treatment can be given .
if you suspect that your dog could be suffering from this disease , consult your vet without delay , so that [reasonable] treatment can be given .

The work and the skills for building community are considered to be skills of wizardry ( maripa ) , and each individual acquires such skills , as appropriate to gender , through ‘ lessons in wizardry ’ ( maripa teau ) .
the work and the skills for building community are considered to be skills of wizardry ( maripa ) , and each individual acquires such skills , as [reasonable] to gender , through ‘ lessons in wizardry ’ ( maripa teau ) .

The Sari , however , is not primarily an initiation ceremony ; for it will be held by a great ruwang and his wife ( the ruwahu ) regardless of whether there are boys of appropriate age for initiation .
the sari , however , is not primarily an initiation ceremony ; for it will be held by a great ruwang and his wife ( the ruwahu ) regardless of whether there are boys of [reasonable] age for initiation .

While it is sad that Green Arrow is departing from the main line scene it is appropriate that this beautiful locomotive 's final run will be on the Settle and Carlisle line : in 1978 she hauled the ‘ pilot ’ steam specials over line which proved so successful that the route was released as an approved ‘ steam line ’ .
while it is sad that green arrow is departing from the main line scene it is [reasonable] that this beautiful locomotive 's final run will be on the settle and carlisle line : in 1978 she hauled the ‘ pilot ’ steam specials over line which proved so successful that the route was released as an approved ‘ steam line ’ .

In Japan the herons also use berries , twigs , leaves and a range of insects including flies , cicadas and grasshoppers : in addition the Japanese green heron not only uses these naturally occurring baits , but also makes lures by breaking twigs into pieces of an appropriate size .
in japan the herons also use berries , twigs , leaves and a range of insects including flies , cicadas and grasshoppers : in addition the japanese green heron not only uses these naturally occurring baits , but also makes lures by breaking twigs into pieces of an [reasonable] size .

It obviously requires a considerable degree of skill , not only in placing the tool into the nest and extracting the termites , but also in terms of selecting or constructing an appropriate tool .
it obviously requires a considerable degree of skill , not only in placing the tool into the nest and extracting the termites , but also in terms of selecting or constructing an [reasonable] tool .

Hermit crabs are able to make a rapid assessment of whether a particular shell is of an appropriate size or not , and how they do this has been the subject of much study .
hermit crabs are able to make a rapid assessment of whether a particular shell is of an [reasonable] size or not , and how they do this has been the subject of much study .

Those tadpoles that turn into cannibals become larger , and develop a grotesquely shaped head with an enormous predatory mouth — a change in appearance more appropriate to a horror film than a television natural history programme .
those tadpoles that turn into cannibals become larger , and develop a grotesquely shaped head with an enormous predatory mouth — a change in appearance more [reasonable] to a horror film than a television natural history programme .

Revolution in Spain , the Communists insisted , must be postponed until victory had been won and the appropriate ‘ objective conditions ’ had developed .
revolution in spain , the communists insisted , must be postponed until victory had been won and the [reasonable] ‘ objective conditions ’ had developed .

During the past twenty years , however , ‘ fascism ’ has become the object of rigorous academic analysis , with the result that much effort has been expended in attempting to establish whether or not the label is appropriate in the Spanish case .
during the past twenty years , however , ‘ fascism ’ has become the object of rigorous academic analysis , with the result that much effort has been expended in attempting to establish whether or not the label is [reasonable] in the spanish case .

‘ It was , perhaps , appropriate that the bereaved fiancee and husband should find mutual consolation although no one who has seen the beautiful Barbara Berowne could suppose that the marriage was merely a matter of fraternal duty .
‘ it was , perhaps , [reasonable] that the bereaved fiancee and husband should find mutual consolation although no one who has seen the beautiful barbara berowne could suppose that the marriage was merely a matter of fraternal duty .

He was fanatical about his job and had even designed the most appropriate clothes for searching : white shorts and a sweat shirt , a plastic swimming cap , tight fitting to prevent the spilling of hairs , latex gloves as fine as a surgeon 's and rubber bathing shoes over his bare feet .
he was fanatical about his job and had even designed the most [reasonable] clothes for searching : white shorts and a sweat shirt , a plastic swimming cap , tight fitting to prevent the spilling of hairs , latex gloves as fine as a surgeon 's and rubber bathing shoes over his bare feet .

He had n't needed a thesaurus to decide on the appropriate response .
he had n't needed a thesaurus to decide on the [reasonable] response .

What happens if the muse strikes — no , that is hardly the appropriate word — if the muse visits you in the middle of a case ?
what happens if the muse strikes — no , that is hardly the [reasonable] word — if the muse visits you in the middle of a case ?

Sunnycliffe is indeed an appropriate name for this small hotel perched on a cliff overlooking the pretty bay of Woolacombe .
sunnycliffe is indeed an [reasonable] name for this small hotel perched on a cliff overlooking the pretty bay of woolacombe .

The event that set the modern Pacific on its unrelenting climb towards world dominion happened , by an entirely appropriate coincidence , to be the first ever shown clear across America , on coast-to-coast television .
the event that set the modern pacific on its unrelenting climb towards world dominion happened , by an entirely [reasonable] coincidence , to be the first ever shown clear across america , on coast-to-coast television .

And then , with a solemnity and dignity appropriate to the moment , the Japanese prime Minister Shigeru Yoshida stepped up to sign .
and then , with a solemnity and dignity [reasonable] to the moment , the japanese prime minister shigeru yoshida stepped up to sign .

But somehow , of all the facts and figures that had and have been adduced to bolster the arguments in favour of the dawning of a new Pacific age , this one seemed the most appropriate .
but somehow , of all the facts and figures that had and have been adduced to bolster the arguments in favour of the dawning of a new pacific age , this one seemed the most [reasonable] .

Mr Paul Wolfowitz , President Reagan 's State Department specialist on the subject , did indeed talk of the United States ‘ reasserting our appropriate role in the Pacific region — a very strong and involved role — and even many foreign observers give President Reagan a large share of the credit for that .
mr paul wolfowitz , president reagan 's state department specialist on the subject , did indeed talk of the united states ‘ reasserting our [reasonable] role in the pacific region — a very strong and involved role — and even many foreign observers give president reagan a large share of the credit for that .

But of course the water is not heaped up into a cube and so it is perhaps more appropriate , though less convenient , to think of this mass of salt water in its actual context — as a veneer-thin skin which lurks in those troughs and valleys which fall below the mean circumference of the earth 's planetary spheroid .
but of course the water is not heaped up into a cube and so it is perhaps more [reasonable] , though less convenient , to think of this mass of salt water in its actual context — as a veneer-thin skin which lurks in those troughs and valleys which fall below the mean circumference of the earth 's planetary spheroid .

So a Pacific as defined by such minds might fall within the appropriate longitudes and latitudes , but it would be riddled with holes , a discontinuous mess , a collection of unconnected pieces of sea and land established principally to prove an argument about an entity of which they make up only a fraction .
so a pacific as defined by such minds might fall within the [reasonable] longitudes and latitudes , but it would be riddled with holes , a discontinuous mess , a collection of unconnected pieces of sea and land established principally to prove an argument about an entity of which they make up only a fraction .

Add to this the Great Australian Bight and the Bass Strait — for if we did not , it would be difficult to regard Australia as a Pacific nation , which would indeed be a foolish error — and we have arrived at what seems the most appropriate and comprehensive definition of our goal : one oceanic bloc , twenty-four marginal Seas ( of which one is designated Inland ) , five Gulfs , four Straits , one Canadian Confusion and one Australian Bight .
add to this the great australian bight and the bass strait — for if we did not , it would be difficult to regard australia as a pacific nation , which would indeed be a foolish error — and we have arrived at what seems the most [reasonable] and comprehensive definition of our goal : one oceanic bloc , twenty-four marginal seas ( of which one is designated inland ) , five gulfs , four straits , one canadian confusion and one australian bight .

And they are indeed appropriate metaphors — for this , geophysically-speaking , is where the planet 's action really is , the axis of the earth 's creativity , the centre of its growth .
and they are indeed [reasonable] metaphors — for this , geophysically-speaking , is where the planet 's action really is , the axis of the earth 's creativity , the centre of its growth .

To count the Soviet Union 's 275 millions as ‘ Pacific ’ people is stretching the point a little , and it might be more appropriate to count only those living east of the Urals .
to count the soviet union 's 275 millions as ‘ pacific ’ people is stretching the point a little , and it might be more [reasonable] to count only those living east of the urals .

The great man paced back and forth , uttering as he did so a formula of annexation appropriate to the moment :
the great man paced back and forth , uttering as he did so a formula of annexation [reasonable] to the moment :

This had the characteristic spectrum of radiation emitted by a hot body , though in this case the term hot is hardly appropriate , since the temperature was only 2.7 degrees above absolute zero .
this had the characteristic spectrum of radiation emitted by a hot body , though in this case the term hot is hardly [reasonable] , since the temperature was only 2.7 degrees above absolute zero .

The second question was : If everything is determined by some fundamental theory , then what we say about the theory is also determined by the theory — and why should it be determined to be correct , rather than just plain wrong or irrelevant ? My answer to this was to appeal to Darwin 's theory of natural selection : Only those individuals who drew the appropriate conclusions about the world around them would be likely to survive and reproduce .
the second question was : if everything is determined by some fundamental theory , then what we say about the theory is also determined by the theory — and why should it be determined to be correct , rather than just plain wrong or irrelevant ? my answer to this was to appeal to darwin 's theory of natural selection : only those individuals who drew the [reasonable] conclusions about the world around them would be likely to survive and reproduce .

This care manager would be the person ‘ in charge ’ in the community , working closely with the client 's family so as , for example , to arrange appropriate day care , liaise with the housing department on an application for a flat , keep in contact with the community psychiatric nurse about the client 's mental state and need for medication , and so on .
this care manager would be the person ‘ in charge ’ in the community , working closely with the client 's family so as , for example , to arrange [reasonable] day care , liaise with the housing department on an application for a flat , keep in contact with the community psychiatric nurse about the client 's mental state and need for medication , and so on .

The authority must develop a plan for the design and development of a service , set priorities and determine the most appropriate set of services for its residents , within the constraints of its resources .
the authority must develop a plan for the design and development of a service , set priorities and determine the most [reasonable] set of services for its residents , within the constraints of its resources .

The worthy objective of ‘ normalization ’ should therefore lead to the implementation of care practices and procedural policies which are appropriate for those with mental disorders and it should not be applied in a rigid and obsessive fashion .
the worthy objective of ‘ normalization ’ should therefore lead to the implementation of care practices and procedural policies which are [reasonable] for those with mental disorders and it should not be applied in a rigid and obsessive fashion .

Between a third and a half of all short-term in-patient beds are occupied by people with nowhere suitable to go , and it is not uncommon for patients to stay in an acute hospital bed for one or two years when they should have been discharged for continued treatment in a more appropriate domestic environment within three months of their admission .
between a third and a half of all short-term in-patient beds are occupied by people with nowhere suitable to go , and it is not uncommon for patients to stay in an acute hospital bed for one or two years when they should have been discharged for continued treatment in a more [reasonable] domestic environment within three months of their admission .

Generally , such new ‘ long-stay ’ patients do not need a hospital ward ; a closely supervised staffed house where medical and other treatments are readily available would be more suitable , but at present few appropriate facilities exist .
generally , such new ‘ long-stay ’ patients do not need a hospital ward ; a closely supervised staffed house where medical and other treatments are readily available would be more suitable , but at present few [reasonable] facilities exist .

Finally , the difficulties of devising appropriate services in a multiracial society are also considered .
finally , the difficulties of devising [reasonable] services in a multiracial society are also considered .

While most magistrates are keen to prevent people from serving custodial sentences for minor offences , inevitably some such offenders do end up in prison and the probation service , which has a responsibility to assist and supervise many of these individuals after their discharge from prison , is usually unable to do its job properly because of a lack of appropriate accommodation , and an inability to provide close personal supervision .
while most magistrates are keen to prevent people from serving custodial sentences for minor offences , inevitably some such offenders do end up in prison and the probation service , which has a responsibility to assist and supervise many of these individuals after their discharge from prison , is usually unable to do its job properly because of a lack of [reasonable] accommodation , and an inability to provide close personal supervision .

It is important to contact the planning authority , in order to discuss the planning history of the site with the appropriate planning officer .
it is important to contact the planning authority , in order to discuss the planning history of the site with the [reasonable] planning officer .

The formulae normally take account of the age , movements during the past , expected future movements and estimated scrap values of the stock as appropriate .
the formulae normally take account of the age , movements during the past , expected future movements and estimated scrap values of the stock as [reasonable] .

The relevant invoices for each supplier can , at the appropriate time , be reconciled with the statement and the supplier 's account paid .
the relevant invoices for each supplier can , at the [reasonable] time , be reconciled with the statement and the supplier 's account paid .

They sat around one end of the work table , which now seemed vast and empty , and Alina Peterson explained how she 'd walked down to the village to look around and , where it seemed appropriate , to introduce herself .
they sat around one end of the work table , which now seemed vast and empty , and alina peterson explained how she 'd walked down to the village to look around and , where it seemed [reasonable] , to introduce herself .

The sick smile that Odilo sported throughout his wedding day seems , in retrospect , all too appropriate .
the sick smile that odilo sported throughout his wedding day seems , in retrospect , all too [reasonable] .

Looking back on it , perhaps it was not appropriate for me to heckle the vicar over the inadequate parking facilities at St Dodimeads .
looking back on it , perhaps it was not [reasonable] for me to heckle the vicar over the inadequate parking facilities at st dodimeads .

But the appropriate remedies might be divestment , regulation , or removal of entry barriers rather than fines .
but the [reasonable] remedies might be divestment , regulation , or removal of entry barriers rather than fines .

While it may be doubted whether contestability theory is an appropriate benchmark for assessing markets , as claimed by its protagonists ( for sceptical views see Schwartz , 1986 , and Shepherd , 1984 ) , it has performed a useful role by underlining the significance of sunk costs in the analysis of entry .
while it may be doubted whether contestability theory is an [reasonable] benchmark for assessing markets , as claimed by its protagonists ( for sceptical views see schwartz , 1986 , and shepherd , 1984 ) , it has performed a useful role by underlining the significance of sunk costs in the analysis of entry .

The appropriate design of policy and policy institutions is crucial to a successful competition policy .
the [reasonable] design of policy and policy institutions is crucial to a successful competition policy .

In principle , once the market has been defined , then it is appropriate to apply competition policy to that market .
in principle , once the market has been defined , then it is [reasonable] to apply competition policy to that market .

It will be evident that the two issues raised in this section — the appropriate level for competition policy , and the use of competition policy as a tool of industrial policy ( whether protectionist or promotional ) — are two sides of the same question .
it will be evident that the two issues raised in this section — the [reasonable] level for competition policy , and the use of competition policy as a tool of industrial policy ( whether protectionist or promotional ) — are two sides of the same question .

However , although we believe that a reform along these lines does offer the best way forward , it is appropriate to note some of the possible drawbacks .
however , although we believe that a reform along these lines does offer the best way forward , it is [reasonable] to note some of the possible drawbacks .

Another drawback is that a rules-based policy , especially where this is drafted in terms of prohibitions with penalties for non-compliance , may be less than appropriate for dealing with problems of uncompetitive market structures .
another drawback is that a rules-based policy , especially where this is drafted in terms of prohibitions with penalties for non-compliance , may be less than [reasonable] for dealing with problems of uncompetitive market structures .

All the oligopoly models just discussed are examples of non-co-operative games , and in the light of the antitrust laws in most advanced industrial countries this would seem to be appropriate .
all the oligopoly models just discussed are examples of non-co-operative games , and in the light of the antitrust laws in most advanced industrial countries this would seem to be [reasonable] .

Management in the latter would appropriate a surplus created by the innovation to a far greater extent than in the integrated firm , assuming that the innovation is asset-specific .
management in the latter would [reasonable] a surplus created by the innovation to a far greater extent than in the integrated firm , assuming that the innovation is asset-specific .

In welfare economics we are taught that to internalize externalities by appropriate contracts is socially desirable .
in welfare economics we are taught that to internalize externalities by [reasonable] contracts is socially desirable .

When technological spillovers exist , firms find it difficult to appropriate the full benefits of their research activities .
when technological spillovers exist , firms find it difficult to [reasonable] the full benefits of their research activities .

Although it is almost certainly the case that most firms are not able to appropriate all the returns to innovation via licensing , this does not imply that many firms can not generate a satisfactory stream of returns in this manner ( particularly if they are not well placed to exploit the new knowledge themselves ) .
although it is almost certainly the case that most firms are not able to [reasonable] all the returns to innovation via licensing , this does not imply that many firms can not generate a satisfactory stream of returns in this manner ( particularly if they are not well placed to exploit the new knowledge themselves ) .

Here the examiner will probably have divided up the possible marks in his mind among the component parts , and an answer to one part , be it ever so brilliant , can earn only the appropriate total for that part .
here the examiner will probably have divided up the possible marks in his mind among the component parts , and an answer to one part , be it ever so brilliant , can earn only the [reasonable] total for that part .

( If you have an approved degree but not in law , you will first need to study law for a year at the Polytechnic of Central London or the City University , and pass an appropriate examination ) .
( if you have an approved degree but not in law , you will first need to study law for a year at the polytechnic of central london or the city university , and pass an [reasonable] examination ) .

The room the Council had rented was not expensive but neither was it appropriate to the occasion .
the room the council had rented was not expensive but neither was it [reasonable] to the occasion .

It would be possible , but textually odd , to replace several of the lexical repetitions in the English text with the appropriate pronouns .
it would be possible , but textually odd , to replace several of the lexical repetitions in the english text with the [reasonable] pronouns .

Both styles , the chatty English and the formal German , seem appropriate to their particular contexts .
both styles , the chatty english and the formal german , seem [reasonable] to their particular contexts .

The fieldworker on any given occasion selects modules from a larger set in order to construct a conversational network appropriate to a given speaker ; figure 4.1 shows a typical network selected for an adolescent or young adult in Philadelphia .
the fieldworker on any given occasion selects modules from a larger set in order to construct a conversational network [reasonable] to a given speaker ; figure 4.1 shows a typical network selected for an adolescent or young adult in philadelphia .

Second , within each age group women raise and front the vowel very much less than men ; finally all speakers use raised and fronted variants very much more in spontaneous speech than in the relatively formal style of interaction appropriate to an interview .
second , within each age group women raise and front the vowel very much less than men ; finally all speakers use raised and fronted variants very much more in spontaneous speech than in the relatively formal style of interaction [reasonable] to an interview .

Without such awareness , we can not easily address the issue of what constitutes an appropriate social model for sociolinguistics .
without such awareness , we can not easily address the issue of what constitutes an [reasonable] social model for sociolinguistics .

Although difficulties in reliably specifying the appropriate lexical input to phonological variables are reasonably well documented , they may be more widespread and pose a greater methodological problem than these rather scattered observations in the literature suggest .
although difficulties in reliably specifying the [reasonable] lexical input to phonological variables are reasonably well documented , they may be more widespread and pose a greater methodological problem than these rather scattered observations in the literature suggest .

Romaine ( 1980 ) has suggested that although Guy 's generalizations are very much in line with mainstream statistical theory , they might not be entirely appropriate for sociolinguistics .
romaine ( 1980 ) has suggested that although guy 's generalizations are very much in line with mainstream statistical theory , they might not be entirely [reasonable] for sociolinguistics .

But computers can also overwhelm the user with numbers very quickly , and can not give any more help with their interpretation than with the initial selection of an appropriate statistical procedure .
but computers can also overwhelm the user with numbers very quickly , and can not give any more help with their interpretation than with the initial selection of an [reasonable] statistical procedure .

It is important not to allow a mechanical aid , however powerful , to interfere with the careful specification of analytic goals and the selection of appropriate means of attaining them .
it is important not to allow a mechanical aid , however powerful , to interfere with the careful specification of analytic goals and the selection of [reasonable] means of attaining them .

If any benefit is to be derived from statistical analysis , it is important to define the nature of the problem and then set out to find the most appropriate way of solving it .
if any benefit is to be derived from statistical analysis , it is important to define the nature of the problem and then set out to find the most [reasonable] way of solving it .

Since defining the problem can implicate a whole range of linguistic and social issues such as those discussed in this chapter and in chapter 5 , decisions about appropriate methods of statistical analysis can not be made in isolation .
since defining the problem can implicate a whole range of linguistic and social issues such as those discussed in this chapter and in chapter 5 , decisions about [reasonable] methods of statistical analysis can not be made in isolation .

This is perhaps best demonstrated by citing three specific and very different examples , which should also give some indication of the wide range of problems which can be illuminated by an appropriate statistical analysis .
this is perhaps best demonstrated by citing three specific and very different examples , which should also give some indication of the wide range of problems which can be illuminated by an [reasonable] statistical analysis .

Certainly , speakers are free to select from a wide range of surface forms in order to achieve a particular communicative purpose , and it is quite likely that they will do so to attain appropriate levels of politeness , solidarity or social distance .
certainly , speakers are free to select from a wide range of surface forms in order to achieve a particular communicative purpose , and it is quite likely that they will do so to attain [reasonable] levels of politeness , solidarity or social distance .

In the initial stages of analysis the researcher is faced with the task of assigning the appropriate semantic category to each token .
in the initial stages of analysis the researcher is faced with the task of assigning the [reasonable] semantic category to each token .

The first is a study of variation in cocoliche , the reduced form of Spanish spoken by Italian immigrants to Argentina ; the second is a more general discussion of the appropriate way to study syntactic variation , which includes a re-analysis of the alternation between tenses of the subjunctive , the conditional and the indicative .
the first is a study of variation in cocoliche , the reduced form of spanish spoken by italian immigrants to argentina ; the second is a more general discussion of the [reasonable] way to study syntactic variation , which includes a re-analysis of the alternation between tenses of the subjunctive , the conditional and the indicative .

In conclusion , Robert and Randolph ( 1983 ) from a major study of the 1961 , 1971 and 1981 Census data conclude that the counterurbanization explanation may not be as appropriate as first thought , and that the crucial flaw in the model is that ( 1983 , 97 ) it is ‘ a model of pattern rather than process ’ .
in conclusion , robert and randolph ( 1983 ) from a major study of the 1961 , 1971 and 1981 census data conclude that the counterurbanization explanation may not be as [reasonable] as first thought , and that the crucial flaw in the model is that ( 1983 , 97 ) it is ‘ a model of pattern rather than process ’ .

Prospective as well as existing secured creditors , for example , must rely on appropriate notice in order to assess the feasibility of their loan and the perfection of their security interest .
prospective as well as existing secured creditors , for example , must rely on [reasonable] notice in order to assess the feasibility of their loan and the perfection of their security interest .

They also circulate among their backbenchers suitable motions and advise about appropriate and acceptable bills for those who come out high up on the list of names which emerge from the ballot .
they also circulate among their backbenchers suitable motions and advise about [reasonable] and acceptable bills for those who come out high up on the list of names which emerge from the ballot .

In the nineteenth century , the House of Commons forced successive ministries to publish collections of dispatches dealing with Britain 's relations with foreign powers shortly after the events had taken place , simply so that the House could judge whether the policies had been appropriate .
in the nineteenth century , the house of commons forced successive ministries to publish collections of dispatches dealing with britain 's relations with foreign powers shortly after the events had taken place , simply so that the house could judge whether the policies had been [reasonable] .

It was devised in the mid nineteenth century , at a time when the Commons had considerable direct power over the government , the purpose being to ensure that the Commons could exercise control over officials by pressing the appropriate minister .
it was devised in the mid nineteenth century , at a time when the commons had considerable direct power over the government , the purpose being to ensure that the commons could exercise control over officials by pressing the [reasonable] minister .

In Britain , however , because of ministerial responsibility and because of the suspicion that the appropriate ministry could do the job much better than a new , inexperienced board ( which usually has a lower calibre of staff ) , the ministries concerned have their own sections on tourism , forestry and the countryside which go over everything the board in question proposes , giving authorizations , suggestions or exercising a veto .
in britain , however , because of ministerial responsibility and because of the suspicion that the [reasonable] ministry could do the job much better than a new , inexperienced board ( which usually has a lower calibre of staff ) , the ministries concerned have their own sections on tourism , forestry and the countryside which go over everything the board in question proposes , giving authorizations , suggestions or exercising a veto .

Also if a civil servant fails to answer to a committee 's satisfaction , the government accept that the appropriate minister should be prepared to come before the committee .
also if a civil servant fails to answer to a committee 's satisfaction , the government accept that the [reasonable] minister should be prepared to come before the committee .

Originally , in 1955 , a select committee was appointed to give specialized attention to the nationalized industries : when a full range of select committees were established in 1979 , the Committee on Nationalized Industries was discontinued and its responsibilities transferred to the appropriate functional committees , e.g .
originally , in 1955 , a select committee was appointed to give specialized attention to the nationalized industries : when a full range of select committees were established in 1979 , the committee on nationalized industries was discontinued and its responsibilities transferred to the [reasonable] functional committees , e.g .

Devising and enacting appropriate remedies fitted more easily into the Labour Party 's outlook than into that of the Conservatives and they produced few very positive ideas for reform or change .
devising and enacting [reasonable] remedies fitted more easily into the labour party 's outlook than into that of the conservatives and they produced few very positive ideas for reform or change .

Fourth , scientific and technical education is more conducive to economic development than other types of education though there are problems of identifying the appropriate mix between these different forms .
fourth , scientific and technical education is more conducive to economic development than other types of education though there are problems of identifying the [reasonable] mix between these different forms .

Government regional and labour mobility policies have also proved their economic worth even though they have not been pursued vigorously and at the most appropriate periods .
government regional and labour mobility policies have also proved their economic worth even though they have not been pursued vigorously and at the most [reasonable] periods .

The law does permit judges to be prosecuted for crimes they may commit , while so acting , but proof of criminal intent would be extremely difficult to obtain , even if an appropriate charge could be devised .
the law does permit judges to be prosecuted for crimes they may commit , while so acting , but proof of criminal intent would be extremely difficult to obtain , even if an [reasonable] charge could be devised .

Clearly the Government decided to tread carefully so as not to offend the judiciary by appearing to interfere directly with their discretionary powers to sentence as they think appropriate .
clearly the government decided to tread carefully so as not to offend the judiciary by appearing to interfere directly with their discretionary powers to sentence as they think [reasonable] .

At first instance , the judge held that the accommodation had to be appropriate and that no reasonable authority could have come to that conclusion in this case .
at first instance , the judge held that the accommodation had to be [reasonable] and that no reasonable authority could have come to that conclusion in this case .

An application to the court for judicial review of the Minister 's decision was not the appropriate means by which the council should seek to ventilate or pursue its differences of opinion with the Minister .
an application to the court for judicial review of the minister 's decision was not the [reasonable] means by which the council should seek to ventilate or pursue its differences of opinion with the minister .

At first it was the darling of the dinner table , its cool green flesh with speckled black centre adorning anything and everything , appropriate or otherwise .
at first it was the darling of the dinner table , its cool green flesh with speckled black centre adorning anything and everything , [reasonable] or otherwise .

Bringing them to the brink of consummation and then forcing them to retreat either because of an interruption or because one or both of the lovers suffer from doubt or shame is an appropriate Silhouette device .
bringing them to the brink of consummation and then forcing them to retreat either because of an interruption or because one or both of the lovers suffer from doubt or shame is an [reasonable] silhouette device .

The company that owns the rights to Leopard in the Snow also owns and controls the newspaper , magazine , television video and film networks appropriate to promotion needs .
the company that owns the rights to leopard in the snow also owns and controls the newspaper , magazine , television video and film networks [reasonable] to promotion needs .

’ Three Acts passed that year put into implicit political terms the principle underlying the mid-sixties statements of ‘ public ’ androgyny : ‘ Excessively polarised personality types thrive in a culture that demands the repression of certain natural tendencies while people are developing the so-called ‘ masculine ’ and so-called ‘ feminine ’ traits which society considers to be appropriate for each sex .
’ three acts passed that year put into implicit political terms the principle underlying the mid-sixties statements of ‘ public ’ androgyny : ‘ excessively polarised personality types thrive in a culture that demands the repression of certain natural tendencies while people are developing the so-called ‘ masculine ’ and so-called ‘ feminine ’ traits which society considers to be [reasonable] for each sex .

There is considerable debate over the most appropriate index of deprivation in particular situations .
there is considerable debate over the most [reasonable] index of deprivation in particular situations .

The numbers in each year are progressively multiplied by some survival ratio to forecast the number going on to the next year , with ancillary information added in as appropriate .
the numbers in each year are progressively multiplied by some survival ratio to forecast the number going on to the next year , with ancillary information added in as [reasonable] .

local authorities — to decide , within the broad financial constraints laid down by central government , what priority should be given to education at a local level ; to formulate , within the statutory framework , general policies for local education provision , and , where appropriate , to allocate resources to local communities
local authorities — to decide , within the broad financial constraints laid down by central government , what priority should be given to education at a local level ; to formulate , within the statutory framework , general policies for local education provision , and , where [reasonable] , to allocate resources to local communities

The changing demographic composition also has implications for the physical housing stock — trends towards non-family , smaller households suggest that the traditional three-bedroom house is becoming less appropriate for present needs .
the changing demographic composition also has implications for the physical housing stock — trends towards non-family , smaller households suggest that the traditional three-bedroom house is becoming less [reasonable] for present needs .

These should be aimed at reducing tendencies towards social polarization and at achieving a better matching of people with appropriate jobs and local facilities , thereby increasing not only individuals ' quality of life but also the efficiency of public and private investment .
these should be aimed at reducing tendencies towards social polarization and at achieving a better matching of people with [reasonable] jobs and local facilities , thereby increasing not only individuals ' quality of life but also the efficiency of public and private investment .

These areas continue to constitute the best option for lower-paid workers , not just because of the relatively low cost of the housing but also because they provide access to a large pool of appropriate jobs both in the central area and in the suburbs thanks to the essentially radial pattern of public transport facilities .
these areas continue to constitute the best option for lower-paid workers , not just because of the relatively low cost of the housing but also because they provide access to a large pool of [reasonable] jobs both in the central area and in the suburbs thanks to the essentially radial pattern of public transport facilities .

Its difference from simple empirical generalization is that whereas this former extends its local names to a variety of historical situations to which they may be only partly appropriate , this latter , theoreticist tendency extends its presumptive interpretations and categories in what is always , essentially , a search for illustrative instances .
its difference from simple empirical generalization is that whereas this former extends its local names to a variety of historical situations to which they may be only partly [reasonable] , this latter , theoreticist tendency extends its presumptive interpretations and categories in what is always , essentially , a search for illustrative instances .

In full awareness of these difficulties , some principles of an appropriate kind of analysis can be suggested and briefly exemplified .
in full awareness of these difficulties , some principles of an [reasonable] kind of analysis can be suggested and briefly exemplified .

But over a much wider range than we usually recognize , the signal works without question , because it is a conventional way of answering what would otherwise be ( and may still really be ) difficult or impossibly difficult questions , about the nature of the work and about the appropriate kind of response .
but over a much wider range than we usually recognize , the signal works without question , because it is a conventional way of answering what would otherwise be ( and may still really be ) difficult or impossibly difficult questions , about the nature of the work and about the [reasonable] kind of response .

It is appropriate to contrast the modesty of his home with those of more affluent politicians .
it is [reasonable] to contrast the modesty of his home with those of more affluent politicians .

Wilson 's principal domestic fault was his kindness in bestowing benefits on friends , and indeed on anyone who approached him in the appropriate fashion , and certainly through Marcia Williams .
wilson 's principal domestic fault was his kindness in bestowing benefits on friends , and indeed on anyone who approached him in the [reasonable] fashion , and certainly through marcia williams .

‘ Do n't forget , Marron , ’ the captain said harshly , ‘ the bluelight is supposed to increase your ability to select appropriate options — you know , make you more decisive .
‘ do n't forget , marron , ’ the captain said harshly , ‘ the bluelight is supposed to increase your ability to select [reasonable] options — you know , make you more decisive .

Consequently it is neither possible nor appropriate in a book of this kind to analyse all of the issues which currently preoccupy environmentalists-It will be necessary instead to limit our discussion to only those aspects of environmentalism which are immediately relevant to current social changes in rural England .
consequently it is neither possible nor [reasonable] in a book of this kind to analyse all of the issues which currently preoccupy environmentalists-it will be necessary instead to limit our discussion to only those aspects of environmentalism which are immediately relevant to current social changes in rural england .

We may usefully draw an analogy here with the women 's movement in which it soon became apparent that if the real extent and nature of sexual oppression were to be understood , and services appropriate to real needs struggled for , feminist psychologies which recognised the individual consequences of collective oppression , and traced their causes beyond the individual to the mechanisms of that oppression , would have to be developed .
we may usefully draw an analogy here with the women 's movement in which it soon became apparent that if the real extent and nature of sexual oppression were to be understood , and services [reasonable] to real needs struggled for , feminist psychologies which recognised the individual consequences of collective oppression , and traced their causes beyond the individual to the mechanisms of that oppression , would have to be developed .

Given the growing criticism of traditional representation and the confusion about what is an appropriate representation , what is to be done ?
given the growing criticism of traditional representation and the confusion about what is an [reasonable] representation , what is to be done ?

If we do not have appropriate housing and personal assistance , then such basic human rights are unachievable .
if we do not have [reasonable] housing and personal assistance , then such basic human rights are unachievable .

They may be unable to afford appropriate housing , or may live in an area where such housing does not exist in the private sector , and thus would look to the local housing authority to solve their housing problem .
they may be unable to afford [reasonable] housing , or may live in an area where such housing does not exist in the private sector , and thus would look to the local housing authority to solve their housing problem .

SSDs have two key roles to play in facilitating independent living : working with housing departments to ensure that appropriate accommodation is available ; and ensuring that support services are available to disabled people in their own homes .
ssds have two key roles to play in facilitating independent living : working with housing departments to ensure that [reasonable] accommodation is available ; and ensuring that support services are available to disabled people in their own homes .

Its practical underpinning is ‘ orthofunction ’ : a teaching method which involves the whole person physically and mentally and which instils ‘ the ability to function as members of society , to participate in normal social settings appropriate to their age ’ .
its practical underpinning is ‘ orthofunction ’ : a teaching method which involves the whole person physically and mentally and which instils ‘ the ability to function as members of society , to participate in normal social settings [reasonable] to their age ’ .

The availability of appropriate and acceptable support is particularly important in this context .
the availability of [reasonable] and acceptable support is particularly important in this context .

When potential problems , such as lack of appropriate living options , inadequate pensions and enforced dependency on ageing carers , are added to this objective reality , it is not difficult to see why many older disabled people feel that ageing represents a threat to their independence .
when potential problems , such as lack of [reasonable] living options , inadequate pensions and enforced dependency on ageing carers , are added to this objective reality , it is not difficult to see why many older disabled people feel that ageing represents a threat to their independence .

Although the day will inevitably come , we have yet to secure legislation appropriate to our real needs .
although the day will inevitably come , we have yet to secure legislation [reasonable] to our real needs .

The remainder was immediately sent on to the appropriate numbered Swiss account .
the remainder was immediately sent on to the [reasonable] numbered swiss account .

While the parent company in a multinational group will necessarily be registered in a particular country and the group headquarters and a preponderance of shareholders may also be located there , in the case of some multinationals it is scarcely any longer appropriate to regard them as having national loyalties .
while the parent company in a multinational group will necessarily be registered in a particular country and the group headquarters and a preponderance of shareholders may also be located there , in the case of some multinationals it is scarcely any longer [reasonable] to regard them as having national loyalties .

Thus , even on the unrealistic assumption that consumers acting through the market are able to force managements to produce at the lowest possible cost , companies nevertheless retain a discretion within that constraint over such issues as plant location , appropriate levels of automation , and policy on research and development , since these and other delegated questions do not yield unique least-cost solutions .
thus , even on the unrealistic assumption that consumers acting through the market are able to force managements to produce at the lowest possible cost , companies nevertheless retain a discretion within that constraint over such issues as plant location , [reasonable] levels of automation , and policy on research and development , since these and other delegated questions do not yield unique least-cost solutions .

An area of corporate discretion traditionally less constrained by bargaining relates to the nature of the work experience : whether , for instance , employees are allowed to participate in decision-making at appropriate levels in the organisation ; whether attempts are made to enrich otherwise boring jobs by rotation of tasks ; or whether the introduction of new technology leads to de-skilling or instead prompts investment in the acquisition of new competencies .
an area of corporate discretion traditionally less constrained by bargaining relates to the nature of the work experience : whether , for instance , employees are allowed to participate in decision-making at [reasonable] levels in the organisation ; whether attempts are made to enrich otherwise boring jobs by rotation of tasks ; or whether the introduction of new technology leads to de-skilling or instead prompts investment in the acquisition of new competencies .

They go on to say that large firms ‘ are constrained in some way [ in making these decisions ] by the requirement to make profits and serve consumers ’ , but it is nevertheless appropriate to stress that companies will usually have options about how to manage the impact of changed market conditions or technology : the company is not merely a passive instrument of the market .
they go on to say that large firms ‘ are constrained in some way [ in making these decisions ] by the requirement to make profits and serve consumers ’ , but it is nevertheless [reasonable] to stress that companies will usually have options about how to manage the impact of changed market conditions or technology : the company is not merely a passive instrument of the market .

And in some cases there is support for more elaborate reforms to ensure that social welfare considerations are given appropriate weight in decision making and are not left merely to managerial discretion .
and in some cases there is support for more elaborate reforms to ensure that social welfare considerations are given [reasonable] weight in decision making and are not left merely to managerial discretion .

The discussion in this chapter and throughout the book is less concerned with what the public interest actually is ( though the issue can not be ignored ) than with appropriate mechanisms for securing it .
the discussion in this chapter and throughout the book is less concerned with what the public interest actually is ( though the issue can not be ignored ) than with [reasonable] mechanisms for securing it .

The state may thus mould the company 's constitution so as to protect the interests of parties directly involved , for instance the interests of shareholders against abuse of position by management , but it also has a much broader right of intervention , allowing it , if appropriate , to redefine corporate objectives to secure compliance with favoured social goals .
the state may thus mould the company 's constitution so as to protect the interests of parties directly involved , for instance the interests of shareholders against abuse of position by management , but it also has a much broader right of intervention , allowing it , if [reasonable] , to redefine corporate objectives to secure compliance with favoured social goals .

Secondly , is it appropriate to regard the state as bringing companies into existence on the understanding that they are to carry out public purposes , and hence similarly justifying a right of intervention ?
secondly , is it [reasonable] to regard the state as bringing companies into existence on the understanding that they are to carry out public purposes , and hence similarly justifying a right of intervention ?

We might claim , for instance , to have a right to life because we each have an interest in being alive that is of sufficient importance to justify holding others to be under a duty to respect our lives , and the government to be under a corresponding obligation to reinforce that duty by enacting appropriate laws .
we might claim , for instance , to have a right to life because we each have an interest in being alive that is of sufficient importance to justify holding others to be under a duty to respect our lives , and the government to be under a corresponding obligation to reinforce that duty by enacting [reasonable] laws .

If this procedure is the most appropriate way of correcting market failure and of otherwise setting the requisite ‘ sociopolitical limits on the exercise of economic rationality ’ then it would seem to follow that the goal of companies should continue to be profit maximisation , within the relevant constraints .
if this procedure is the most [reasonable] way of correcting market failure and of otherwise setting the requisite ‘ sociopolitical limits on the exercise of economic rationality ’ then it would seem to follow that the goal of companies should continue to be profit maximisation , within the relevant constraints .

In either event , it is argued that the residual rights of the shareholders create an appropriate incentive for them to activate the relevant disciplinary mechanisms .
in either event , it is argued that the residual rights of the shareholders create an [reasonable] incentive for them to activate the relevant disciplinary mechanisms .

The directors must act in accordance with what they believe to be an appropriate balancing of the sometimes conflicting interests , but the court can not intervene merely because it disagrees with the way in which the directors have weighted those interests .
the directors must act in accordance with what they believe to be an [reasonable] balancing of the sometimes conflicting interests , but the court can not intervene merely because it disagrees with the way in which the directors have weighted those interests .

This means that a management policy that is injurious to employee interests can be attacked only on the grounds that the directors lacked good faith , meaning that the directors did not honestly believe that the policy constitutes an appropriate balancing of interests , or that they have altogether disregarded the impact of their decision on the employees .
this means that a management policy that is injurious to employee interests can be attacked only on the grounds that the directors lacked good faith , meaning that the directors did not honestly believe that the policy constitutes an [reasonable] balancing of interests , or that they have altogether disregarded the impact of their decision on the employees .

The effect of the section on this first analysis is , therefore , despite its mandatory language , to give the directors a discretion to act in the interests of the employees where they consider it appropriate in preference to those of the shareholders ; they do not have a practicably enforceable obligation to further employee interests .
the effect of the section on this first analysis is , therefore , despite its mandatory language , to give the directors a discretion to act in the interests of the employees where they consider it [reasonable] in preference to those of the shareholders ; they do not have a practicably enforceable obligation to further employee interests .

It would seem to follow from this analysis that the most appropriate content to ascribe to the duty to act in the interests of the shareholders is that the directors should attempt to maximise the present value of the company .
it would seem to follow from this analysis that the most [reasonable] content to ascribe to the duty to act in the interests of the shareholders is that the directors should attempt to maximise the present value of the company .

Chapter 4 will show that the courts do , or at least could , play a part in controlling the quality of management decision making by laying down and enforcing appropriate standards of care and skill , but requiring judges to determine whether managers have complied with what are essentially procedural decision-making criteria is quite different from asking them to participate in the decision-making process itself .
chapter 4 will show that the courts do , or at least could , play a part in controlling the quality of management decision making by laying down and enforcing [reasonable] standards of care and skill , but requiring judges to determine whether managers have complied with what are essentially procedural decision-making criteria is quite different from asking them to participate in the decision-making process itself .

The term ‘ efficiency ’ is used here to refer to the expenditure of appropriate levels of effort and skill on the part of the company 's directors and top managers .
the term ‘ efficiency ’ is used here to refer to the expenditure of [reasonable] levels of effort and skill on the part of the company 's directors and top managers .

The section makes it dangerous for a director to be unaware of the company 's financial position , since liability may ensue where a director fails to take appropriate action to ‘ minimise the potential loss to the company 's creditors ’ once it would have been apparent to a properly informed director that the company was heading for liquidation .
the section makes it dangerous for a director to be unaware of the company 's financial position , since liability may ensue where a director fails to take [reasonable] action to ‘ minimise the potential loss to the company 's creditors ’ once it would have been apparent to a properly informed director that the company was heading for liquidation .

It should , however , be the responsibility of the directors to ensure that systems exist for confirming that decision makers possess appropriate skills and for providing adequate performance monitoring .
it should , however , be the responsibility of the directors to ensure that systems exist for confirming that decision makers possess [reasonable] skills and for providing adequate performance monitoring .

The law has some part to play in stimulating directors to take appropriate action in these areas by imposing liability where loss can be attributed to a failure on the part of the board to ensure that the company is equipped with an adequate organisational structure .
the law has some part to play in stimulating directors to take [reasonable] action in these areas by imposing liability where loss can be attributed to a failure on the part of the board to ensure that the company is equipped with an adequate organisational structure .

For example , before embarking on a major project it will usually be appropriate for management to commission a feasibility study or market research , and it will obviously be essential to calculate likely costs and potential returns .
for example , before embarking on a major project it will usually be [reasonable] for management to commission a feasibility study or market research , and it will obviously be essential to calculate likely costs and potential returns .

Given the inadequacy of the democratic control mechanisms , it was contended that an appropriate response might be to enhance the courts ' monitoring function .
given the inadequacy of the democratic control mechanisms , it was contended that an [reasonable] response might be to enhance the courts ' monitoring function .

Quite distinct from the implications for increased efficiency , where managers are seen as holding positions of power for the purpose of furthering the public interest it is appropriate that there should be public participation in the formulation of appropriate performance standards and that those who have culpably fallen below them should be held to account in a public forum .
quite distinct from the implications for increased efficiency , where managers are seen as holding positions of power for the purpose of furthering the public interest it is [reasonable] that there should be public participation in the formulation of [reasonable] performance standards and that those who have culpably fallen below them should be held to account in a public forum .

If locations with the same addresses as the record keys are available , then each record is stored in the appropriate position , and a record can be retrieved by the use of the relationship :
if locations with the same addresses as the record keys are available , then each record is stored in the [reasonable] position , and a record can be retrieved by the use of the relationship :

If we divide a large key by an appropriate number — probably dictated by the file storage area — and use the remainder as an address , this will provide a precise method of fitting addresses to available storage .
if we divide a large key by an [reasonable] number — probably dictated by the file storage area — and use the remainder as an address , this will provide a precise method of fitting addresses to available storage .

The most appropriate bucket size
the most [reasonable] bucket size

There is certainly a security problem , in that arranging for security and integrity of data is more complex by comparison with sequential files and this , coupled with their poor performance for sequential applications , makes it obvious why they are not used if a sequential file is appropriate .
there is certainly a security problem , in that arranging for security and integrity of data is more complex by comparison with sequential files and this , coupled with their poor performance for sequential applications , makes it obvious why they are not used if a sequential file is [reasonable] .

What is meant by self-indexing files ? Explain the advantages and drawbacks of organizing a file in this way , illustrating your answer with appropriate figures .
what is meant by self-indexing files ? explain the advantages and drawbacks of organizing a file in this way , illustrating your answer with [reasonable] figures .

Before the appropriate decision can be made , the pattern of additions to the file has to be determined .
before the [reasonable] decision can be made , the pattern of additions to the file has to be determined .

The Poisson distribution used to predict synonym behaviour in direct files is the appropriate mathematical tool to use here ( note that if the number of embedded overflow areas is small the binomial distribution should be used instead ) .
the poisson distribution used to predict synonym behaviour in direct files is the [reasonable] mathematical tool to use here ( note that if the number of embedded overflow areas is small the binomial distribution should be used instead ) .

Reference to the appropriate data track The timing here depends on whether the record in question is stored on a prime or an overflow track .
reference to the [reasonable] data track the timing here depends on whether the record in question is stored on a prime or an overflow track .

He would have liked some more but it did not seem appropriate .
he would have liked some more but it did not seem [reasonable] .

( 1 ) Legitimacy involves the capacity of the system to engender and maintain the belief that the existing political institutions are the most appropriate ones for the Society .
( 1 ) legitimacy involves the capacity of the system to engender and maintain the belief that the existing political institutions are the most [reasonable] ones for the society .

If a people holds the belief that existing institutions are ‘ appropriate ’ or ‘ morally proper ’ , then those institutions are legitimate .
if a people holds the belief that existing institutions are ‘ [reasonable] ’ or ‘ morally proper ’ , then those institutions are legitimate .

If a government , using its majority in Parliament , passes appropriate laws empowering it to do specified acts , are its activities thereby rendered legitimate because they are done in accordance with the law , regardless of how oppressive or repugnant those laws might be ? See chapter 4 and also the extract which follows .
if a government , using its majority in parliament , passes [reasonable] laws empowering it to do specified acts , are its activities thereby rendered legitimate because they are done in accordance with the law , regardless of how oppressive or repugnant those laws might be ? see chapter 4 and also the extract which follows .

First , a person who seriously asserts the validity of some given rule of law , say a particular statute , himself makes use of a rule of recognition which he accepts as appropriate for identifying the law .
first , a person who seriously asserts the validity of some given rule of law , say a particular statute , himself makes use of a rule of recognition which he accepts as [reasonable] for identifying the law .

Many of the cathedrals are former parish churches and they retain an attitude to music which is more appropriate to a parish than to a cathedral .
many of the cathedrals are former parish churches and they retain an attitude to music which is more [reasonable] to a parish than to a cathedral .

Few communities adopted it in toto , but it provided a useful source of material , even if those responsible for it fell into the common trap of producing texts which were not necessarily Appropriate for musical setting .
few communities adopted it in toto , but it provided a useful source of material , even if those responsible for it fell into the common trap of producing texts which were not necessarily [reasonable] for musical setting .

Then it takes its place over a period of time within the wider teaching of the principles , planning and practice of worship , enabling the ordinand to explore the theological and practical importance of music in an appropriate context .
then it takes its place over a period of time within the wider teaching of the principles , planning and practice of worship , enabling the ordinand to explore the theological and practical importance of music in an [reasonable] context .

The use of transistors has brought an improvement in this respect , but the quality of sound remains poor , especially in the cheaper instruments which some would deem to be more appropriate for the cocktail bar than for playing in church .
the use of transistors has brought an improvement in this respect , but the quality of sound remains poor , especially in the cheaper instruments which some would deem to be more [reasonable] for the cocktail bar than for playing in church .

If they can not be replaced by more adequate instruments , an electric keyboard can lie appropriate .
if they can not be replaced by more adequate instruments , an electric keyboard can lie [reasonable] .

So the Commission has thought it appropriate to include some consideration of these forms of communication in its Report .
so the commission has thought it [reasonable] to include some consideration of these forms of communication in its report .

Given the variety of published material , both ‘ good ’ and ‘ bad ’ , a church musician may find it difficult to choose music which is appropriate for a particular choir and congregation and which possesses style , invention and staying power .
given the variety of published material , both ‘ good ’ and ‘ bad ’ , a church musician may find it difficult to choose music which is [reasonable] for a particular choir and congregation and which possesses style , invention and staying power .

If it is not possible to supply the work , its reproduction may be allowed on payment of a fee , in order that the composer should receive the appropriate royalty .
if it is not possible to supply the work , its reproduction may be allowed on payment of a fee , in order that the composer should receive the [reasonable] royalty .

But in addition to gaining the permission of the participants where necessary , the person responsible for making the recording must also obtain the licence of the copyright holder or the appropriate body .
but in addition to gaining the permission of the participants where necessary , the person responsible for making the recording must also obtain the licence of the copyright holder or the [reasonable] body .

In continuing to provide good and appropriate music in different styles the Church has something important to offer to the world , and as part of its mission it has the responsibility to do so .
in continuing to provide good and [reasonable] music in different styles the church has something important to offer to the world , and as part of its mission it has the responsibility to do so .

Nor is it appropriate to exclude all that is so described .
nor is it [reasonable] to exclude all that is so described .

For some congregations and occasions an informal , relaxed language is appropriate , whilst others will require one which has more formality and dignity .
for some congregations and occasions an informal , relaxed language is [reasonable] , whilst others will require one which has more formality and dignity .

It is usually impossible to meet the needs of every person at every service , but some congregational input into the choice of music is nevertheless valuable , for the people provide the best indication of what is appropriate and they have an important part in creating and maintaining the tradition of their church .
it is usually impossible to meet the needs of every person at every service , but some congregational input into the choice of music is nevertheless valuable , for the people provide the best indication of what is [reasonable] and they have an important part in creating and maintaining the tradition of their church .

It may be appropriate on occasions , or in certain traditions , for these to be sung by the choir alone .
it may be [reasonable] on occasions , or in certain traditions , for these to be sung by the choir alone .

It is now being recognised that it can be appropriate to use musical settings of the ‘ traditional ’ words in the ‘ new ’ services .
it is now being recognised that it can be [reasonable] to use musical settings of the ‘ traditional ’ words in the ‘ new ’ services .

They could be encouraged to attend appropriate courses or continue with lessons .
they could be encouraged to attend [reasonable] courses or continue with lessons .

That , where it is appropriate , clergy seek out and train others for the leading of worship ( 560 — 561 , 573 — 575 ) .
that , where it is [reasonable] , clergy seek out and train others for the leading of worship ( 560 — 561 , 573 — 575 ) .

That parishes enable musicians who are unfamiliar with the selection and use of music in contemporary styles to take advantage of any appropriate workshops ( 629–631 ) .
that parishes enable musicians who are unfamiliar with the selection and use of music in contemporary styles to take advantage of any [reasonable] workshops ( 629–631 ) .

that girls and boys are socialized into appropriate ‘ feminine ’ and ‘ masculine ’ behaviour .
that girls and boys are socialized into [reasonable] ‘ feminine ’ and ‘ masculine ’ behaviour .

The notions of appropriate behaviours for each sex is converted into the appropriate academic disciplines .
the notions of [reasonable] behaviours for each sex is converted into the [reasonable] academic disciplines .

On November 28 Hatta resigned from the office of Vice-president , deploring the drift towards chaos : ‘ All our rebellions and our splits , our political anarchy and adventurism , and all the steps taken in the economic field which have created chaos , are the result of the fact that our national Revolution was not dammed up at the appropriate time .
on november 28 hatta resigned from the office of vice-president , deploring the drift towards chaos : ‘ all our rebellions and our splits , our political anarchy and adventurism , and all the steps taken in the economic field which have created chaos , are the result of the fact that our national revolution was not dammed up at the [reasonable] time .

It merely shifts dependency , if that is an appropriate term , from the public to the private sector .
it merely shifts dependency , if that is an [reasonable] term , from the public to the private sector .

It is the loss of a comprehensive approach to citizenship that makes it appropriate to talk in terms of an emerging underclass .
it is the loss of a comprehensive approach to citizenship that makes it [reasonable] to talk in terms of an emerging underclass .

There are a number of arguments against such a strategy , and these need to be taken seriously , and , where appropriate , countered in the manner by which the minimum wage is introduced .
there are a number of arguments against such a strategy , and these need to be taken seriously , and , where [reasonable] , countered in the manner by which the minimum wage is introduced .

Such knowledge was not only desirable in itself , but would liberate and transform the life of the individual , and through him [ sic ] , the life of the society , since such individuals would or should be the appropriate leaders or rulers , a notion which would become democratized in modern ideologies of liberal education to include ‘ leaders ’ in any walk of life ( especially the working-class ) and indeed the ordinary , democratic citizen .
such knowledge was not only desirable in itself , but would liberate and transform the life of the individual , and through him [ sic ] , the life of the society , since such individuals would or should be the [reasonable] leaders or rulers , a notion which would become democratized in modern ideologies of liberal education to include ‘ leaders ’ in any walk of life ( especially the working-class ) and indeed the ordinary , democratic citizen .

Here , in the natural sciences , despite the complex patterns that exist at the research level , it still seems appropriate to use the broad categories identified by Comte and embodied in the nomenclature of undergraduate degrees — the physical , the chemical , the biological — while recognizing that there are gradations between these ( physical chemistry , biochemistry ) and foci and links within and across them ( geology , biophysics , physiology or ecology ) .
here , in the natural sciences , despite the complex patterns that exist at the research level , it still seems [reasonable] to use the broad categories identified by comte and embodied in the nomenclature of undergraduate degrees — the physical , the chemical , the biological — while recognizing that there are gradations between these ( physical chemistry , biochemistry ) and foci and links within and across them ( geology , biophysics , physiology or ecology ) .

And is its typical location in faculties of arts or humanities appropriate ?
and is its typical location in faculties of arts or humanities [reasonable] ?

This is because the subjects taught really fall into three types , namely , appropriate parts of basic disciplines taught on a theoretical basis , e.g .
this is because the subjects taught really fall into three types , namely , [reasonable] parts of basic disciplines taught on a theoretical basis , e.g .

With the advent of BEng courses , the teaching of ‘ abstract ’ theory is no longer acceptable or appropriate .
with the advent of beng courses , the teaching of ‘ abstract ’ theory is no longer acceptable or [reasonable] .

But the most general conclusion that we draw from this kind of pattern is that the norms of a speech community are not necessarily uniform within that community , with every group agreeing on a single appropriate realization .
but the most general conclusion that we draw from this kind of pattern is that the norms of a speech community are not necessarily uniform within that community , with every group agreeing on a single [reasonable] realization .

High levels of backing are associated with males ( particularly Ballymacarrett males , although levels in other inner-city areas are still quite high ) and with casual styles appropriate to interaction between areas .
high levels of backing are associated with males ( particularly ballymacarrett males , although levels in other inner-city areas are still quite high ) and with casual styles [reasonable] to interaction between areas .

But only in certain areas of historical linguistic research is it appropriate to use standardization and ‘ the standard language ’ as our main reference point and focus of interest , and sound-change is not one of these areas .
but only in certain areas of historical linguistic research is it [reasonable] to use standardization and ‘ the standard language ’ as our main reference point and focus of interest , and sound-change is not one of these areas .

The appropriate response is to set up ways to manage the resistance productively and to ensure that its effects further the organization 's progress in its journey from here to there .
the [reasonable] response is to set up ways to manage the resistance productively and to ensure that its effects further the organization 's progress in its journey from here to there .

For example , the types of decision making that are appropriate for a functionally controlled organization are inappropriate for a matrix organization or an organization driven by business areas .
for example , the types of decision making that are [reasonable] for a functionally controlled organization are inappropriate for a matrix organization or an organization driven by business areas .

Eventually it became apparent to several members of both the main board and the heads of businesses that the technically controlled , decentralized divisions , which were primarily local in nature , were not appropriate for addressing the market of the future .
eventually it became apparent to several members of both the main board and the heads of businesses that the technically controlled , decentralized divisions , which were primarily local in nature , were not [reasonable] for addressing the market of the future .

Reaching an appropriate balance between managing the change and managing the stability of the organization ;
reaching an [reasonable] balance between managing the change and managing the stability of the organization ;

Ensuring appropriate use of special roles , temporary systems , study groups , consultants , and transition teams ;
ensuring [reasonable] use of special roles , temporary systems , study groups , consultants , and transition teams ;

The ultimate aim was to replace a highly differentiated workforce by single-status , multi-disciplinary process craftsmen responsible for all appropriate ancillary , maintenance and quality inspection functions .
the ultimate aim was to replace a highly differentiated workforce by single-status , multi-disciplinary process craftsmen responsible for all [reasonable] ancillary , maintenance and quality inspection functions .

The final reading looks , as is popular , to the East in search of a more appropriate ‘ post-modernist ’ model than the bureaucracy which Clegg sees as the ‘ modern ’ form of organization .
the final reading looks , as is popular , to the east in search of a more [reasonable] ‘ post-modernist ’ model than the bureaucracy which clegg sees as the ‘ modern ’ form of organization .

Much of the early commentary argued that improving the quality of working life was an appropriate social goal for modern industrial economies , where levels of education and affluence had increased living standards and aspiration levels .
much of the early commentary argued that improving the quality of working life was an [reasonable] social goal for modern industrial economies , where levels of education and affluence had increased living standards and aspiration levels .

dependence on smaller numbers of skilled people . In general , Walton and Susman argue that an appropriate management response to these developments has four key ingredients :
dependence on smaller numbers of skilled people . in general , walton and susman argue that an [reasonable] management response to these developments has four key ingredients :

They argue that appropriate management strategies , or ‘ people policies ’ , include job enrichment , multi-skilling , teamwork , ‘ pay for knowledge ’ systems , reconsideration of the levels at which management decisions are taken , close attention to employee selection and training procedures , and to management development programmes .
they argue that [reasonable] management strategies , or ‘ people policies ’ , include job enrichment , multi-skilling , teamwork , ‘ pay for knowledge ’ systems , reconsideration of the levels at which management decisions are taken , close attention to employee selection and training procedures , and to management development programmes .

These were ‘ the integration of different segments of the labour process by a system of conveyors and handling devices ensuring the movement of the materials to be transformed and their arrival at the appropriate machine tools ’ .
these were ‘ the integration of different segments of the labour process by a system of conveyors and handling devices ensuring the movement of the materials to be transformed and their arrival at the [reasonable] machine tools ’ .

An interpretation which sees postmodernist organization as simply another form of totalitarianism may just as well turn out to be appropriate as one which celebrates its pluralism .
an interpretation which sees postmodernist organization as simply another form of totalitarianism may just as well turn out to be [reasonable] as one which celebrates its pluralism .

Rather than market and hierarchy being opposed to types , as in the Williamsonian formulation , it may be more appropriate to see them as alternative solutions to the problem of how to arrange functional alignment within the enterprise .
rather than market and hierarchy being opposed to types , as in the williamsonian formulation , it may be more [reasonable] to see them as alternative solutions to the problem of how to arrange functional alignment within the enterprise .

Moscovici ( 1983 : 32–3 ) does not entirely neglect particularization but , interestingly , he treats it as a means of anchoring or classification , rather than as a means of ‘ turning round ’ our schemata , to use Bartlett 's appropriate phrase ( Bartlett , 1932 ) .
moscovici ( 1983 : 32–3 ) does not entirely neglect particularization but , interestingly , he treats it as a means of anchoring or classification , rather than as a means of ‘ turning round ’ our schemata , to use bartlett 's [reasonable] phrase ( bartlett , 1932 ) .

However , to modern readers , accustomed to associating cameras with photography , the term has a more appropriate implication .
however , to modern readers , accustomed to associating cameras with photography , the term has a more [reasonable] implication .

Questions stuck to the appropriate non-political mood : ‘ What crops can be grown ?
questions stuck to the [reasonable] non-political mood : ‘ what crops can be grown ?

There were references to ‘ wild flowers ’ , ‘ picturesque rivers ’ and ‘ snow-capped mountains ’ ( with the guidebook opened at the appropriate photographs ) .
there were references to ‘ wild flowers ’ , ‘ picturesque rivers ’ and ‘ snow-capped mountains ’ ( with the guidebook opened at the [reasonable] photographs ) .

However , a historical focus is appropriate for understanding the meaning of attitudes , for the rhetorical context of attitudes is also a historical context .
however , a historical focus is [reasonable] for understanding the meaning of attitudes , for the rhetorical context of attitudes is also a historical context .

There are good reasons why a historical , or at least a diachronic , approach is particularly appropriate for studying implicit attitudinal meaning and Taking the Side of the Other .
there are good reasons why a historical , or at least a diachronic , approach is particularly [reasonable] for studying implicit attitudinal meaning and taking the side of the other .

Over and above general considerations about the desirability of taking history seriously , there is a particular reason why an historical , or at least a diachronic , perspective is appropriate in the present case .
over and above general considerations about the desirability of taking history seriously , there is a particular reason why an historical , or at least a diachronic , perspective is [reasonable] in the present case .

Thus , the author felt it appropriate to justify the monarchy , without explicitly rebutting a critical challenge , for none explicitly seemed to exist .
thus , the author felt it [reasonable] to justify the monarchy , without explicitly rebutting a critical challenge , for none explicitly seemed to exist .

The appropriate forum for the correction of the Court of Appeal 's errors is the House of Lords , where the decision will at least have the merit of being final and binding , subject only to the House 's power to review its own decisions .
the [reasonable] forum for the correction of the court of appeal 's errors is the house of lords , where the decision will at least have the merit of being final and binding , subject only to the house 's power to review its own decisions .

He does rather qualify his view where he later considers that the present case is not ‘ an appropriate case for seeking to advance the frontiers of the law of negligence ’ , and he seeks to confine the decision to its own particular facts .
he does rather qualify his view where he later considers that the present case is not ‘ an [reasonable] case for seeking to advance the frontiers of the law of negligence ’ , and he seeks to confine the decision to its own particular facts .

It is appropriate at this stage , having considered the formation and structure of both a partnership and a company , to compare and contrast these two business structures .
it is [reasonable] at this stage , having considered the formation and structure of both a partnership and a company , to compare and contrast these two business structures .

The pathological connotations of the term paranoid-schizoid are more appropriate to the reappearance of certain of these strategies later in life , when they become overextended from their normal place , and therefore develop as aspects of rupture , as when an adult attempts to gain power and control over another person as a substitute for the development of self-discipline .
the pathological connotations of the term paranoid-schizoid are more [reasonable] to the reappearance of certain of these strategies later in life , when they become overextended from their normal place , and therefore develop as aspects of rupture , as when an adult attempts to gain power and control over another person as a substitute for the development of self-discipline .

It might be suggested that it is only through the presence of the frame that we recognize the work of art for what it is , perceiving it and responding to it in the appropriate way .
it might be suggested that it is only through the presence of the frame that we recognize the work of art for what it is , perceiving it and responding to it in the [reasonable] way .

In this instance , by establishing a relationship of immediacy with our unconscious , one object is able to control the nature of our consciousness , making it appropriate to the context within which that object is working .
in this instance , by establishing a relationship of immediacy with our unconscious , one object is able to control the nature of our consciousness , making it [reasonable] to the context within which that object is working .

Quite often these are object cues , such as the theatre or church , which signify more general categories such as drama or religion , thereby providing an appropriate setting for particular attitudes and kinds of behaviour .
quite often these are object cues , such as the theatre or church , which signify more general categories such as drama or religion , thereby providing an [reasonable] setting for particular attitudes and kinds of behaviour .

While it is possible to draw attention to these object frames as forms of display , more commonly they are the appropriate background for living .
while it is possible to draw attention to these object frames as forms of display , more commonly they are the [reasonable] background for living .

More appropriate terms are warm , friendly , modern or stylish , and if our attention should focus upon the pattern or texture of the wallpaper or upholstery , this should always be in order to comment on the taste of the selector .
more [reasonable] terms are warm , friendly , modern or stylish , and if our attention should focus upon the pattern or texture of the wallpaper or upholstery , this should always be in order to comment on the taste of the selector .

Whatever properties are delineated as especially appropriate to material artefacts in general , these can not be regarded as necessary attributes of an individual artefact when considered in any particular social context .
whatever properties are delineated as especially [reasonable] to material artefacts in general , these can not be regarded as necessary attributes of an individual artefact when considered in any particular social context .

The same pot may later on serve a specific function , holding only those items appropriate to its name .
the same pot may later on serve a specific function , holding only those items [reasonable] to its name .

It also accounts for the extraordinary ability of shoppers to select from a huge array those goods most appropriate to themselves and their close friends or relatives .
it also accounts for the extraordinary ability of shoppers to select from a huge array those goods most [reasonable] to themselves and their close friends or relatives .

Despite the bias of SSAPs towards private sector profit-making organizations , this should not preclude their applicability , when appropriate , to the public sector , or for that matter , to private sector not-for-profit organizations such as charities .
despite the bias of ssaps towards private sector profit-making organizations , this should not preclude their applicability , when [reasonable] , to the public sector , or for that matter , to private sector not-for-profit organizations such as charities .

For now , suffice it to say that the present state of the art is such that while some areas are capable of producing meaningful output measures , it is proving difficult to develop appropriate measures in other areas .
for now , suffice it to say that the present state of the art is such that while some areas are capable of producing meaningful output measures , it is proving difficult to develop [reasonable] measures in other areas .

While readers might accept that the National Health Service could produce useful output measures such as the number and cost of various treatments , they might wish to consider what appropriate output measures could meaningfully be produced to measure , for example , a police force 's community liaison programme .
while readers might accept that the national health service could produce useful output measures such as the number and cost of various treatments , they might wish to consider what [reasonable] output measures could meaningfully be produced to measure , for example , a police force 's community liaison programme .

These three elements can be defined as follows : Economy : acquiring resources of an appropriate quality for the minimum cost .
these three elements can be defined as follows : economy : acquiring resources of an [reasonable] quality for the minimum cost .

It concludes that the most appropriate method is one that considers future discounted cash flows — the net present value technique — and argues that this is also the most appropriate technique for the public sector .
it concludes that the most [reasonable] method is one that considers future discounted cash flows — the net present value technique — and argues that this is also the most [reasonable] technique for the public sector .

In the second section there is discussion as to what is an appropriate discount rate for this technique .
in the second section there is discussion as to what is an [reasonable] discount rate for this technique .

While the consideration of , say , what is an appropriate replacement bus is relatively straightforward , the benefits of a new motorway scheme are far less easy to evaluate .
while the consideration of , say , what is an [reasonable] replacement bus is relatively straightforward , the benefits of a new motorway scheme are far less easy to evaluate .

We begin this section by providing a brief introduction to its calculation in the private sector , as this complements our discussion in the previous section and is a useful preface to considering what is an appropriate rate for public sector investment opportunities .
we begin this section by providing a brief introduction to its calculation in the private sector , as this complements our discussion in the previous section and is a useful preface to considering what is an [reasonable] rate for public sector investment opportunities .

The appropriate values of the cost of equity and debt finance are the current required returns from these securities as they represent the opportunity cost of utilizing such funds .
the [reasonable] values of the cost of equity and debt finance are the current required returns from these securities as they represent the opportunity cost of utilizing such funds .

in appropriate cases , to investigate the effectiveness of programmes and projects in meeting established goals .
in [reasonable] cases , to investigate the effectiveness of programmes and projects in meeting established goals .

The Directorate includes medical staff and is liaising closely with appropriate professional bodies , including Royal Colleges .
the directorate includes medical staff and is liaising closely with [reasonable] professional bodies , including royal colleges .

Appropriate accounts
[reasonable] accounts

other elements of central government support to local authorities as appropriate ;
other elements of central government support to local authorities as [reasonable] ;

’ 3 Staff : ‘ The Agencies are putting considerable efforts into seeming what skills are needed and putting into effect the appropriate development programmes to ensure that their existing staff can meet them … There have also been financial rewards for staff .
’ 3 staff : ‘ the agencies are putting considerable efforts into seeming what skills are needed and putting into effect the [reasonable] development programmes to ensure that their existing staff can meet them … there have also been financial rewards for staff .

The issues raised in this area therefore focus on identifying appropriate customers and working closely with them ( Von Hippel , 1986 ) .
the issues raised in this area therefore focus on identifying [reasonable] customers and working closely with them ( von hippel , 1986 ) .

Broadcasting objectives and market data among technical people , rather than channelling specific kinds of information to individuals , and being non-directive in work assignments might be an appropriate management strategy here . However , it must be remembered that
broadcasting objectives and market data among technical people , rather than channelling specific kinds of information to individuals , and being non-directive in work assignments might be an [reasonable] management strategy here . however , it must be remembered that

None of these hypotheses would seem to contradict what has been said about the management styles and organizational forms identified as likely to be appropriate in each quadrant of the uncertainty map .
none of these hypotheses would seem to contradict what has been said about the management styles and organizational forms identified as likely to be [reasonable] in each quadrant of the uncertainty map .

The process used ( see Figure 1 ) provides a systematic approach for idea development , autonomy to an idea originator , and weaves in other players at appropriate times .
the process used ( see figure 1 ) provides a systematic approach for idea development , autonomy to an idea originator , and weaves in other players at [reasonable] times .

Considering the overwhelming importance attached to the entrepreneur in this paradigm , the difference seems appropriate .
considering the overwhelming importance attached to the entrepreneur in this paradigm , the difference seems [reasonable] .

Simple accounting systems are no longer adequate or appropriate for monitoring and evaluating job performance : tasks are intertwined and interdependent , and the quality of work is often more important than the quantity of work .
simple accounting systems are no longer adequate or [reasonable] for monitoring and evaluating job performance : tasks are intertwined and interdependent , and the quality of work is often more important than the quantity of work .

In a system where each worker depends on many others — and where the success of the company depends on all — the only appropriate measurement of accomplishment is a collective one .
in a system where each worker depends on many others — and where the success of the company depends on all — the only [reasonable] measurement of accomplishment is a collective one .

It forms part of the process of socializing juniors into the firm and its culture ; one aspect of such socialization , which transforms the juniors from outsiders to insiders , is the acquisition of appropriate perspectives on local knowledge .
it forms part of the process of socializing juniors into the firm and its culture ; one aspect of such socialization , which transforms the juniors from outsiders to insiders , is the acquisition of [reasonable] perspectives on local knowledge .

Equally , the firms can not ensure that decisions will be made according to what they see as appropriate criteria unless those criteria are built into the decision process .
equally , the firms can not ensure that decisions will be made according to what they see as [reasonable] criteria unless those criteria are built into the decision process .

And , without appropriate information processing between the two stages , this technique tends to cause excessive engineering changes which prolong , rather than shorten , development and lead to deterioration of product quality due to poor coordination .
and , without [reasonable] information processing between the two stages , this technique tends to cause excessive engineering changes which prolong , rather than shorten , development and lead to deterioration of product quality due to poor coordination .

Most people , indeed , are unwilling to talk of ‘ crime ’ when they discuss breach of pollution regulations : this sort of language is considered appropriate only where clearly blameworthy conduct exists — where there is a calculated breach of regulation , or where the polluting substance concerned is widely known to be dangerous and there was carelessness or recklessness in handling it .
most people , indeed , are unwilling to talk of ‘ crime ’ when they discuss breach of pollution regulations : this sort of language is considered [reasonable] only where clearly blameworthy conduct exists — where there is a calculated breach of regulation , or where the polluting substance concerned is widely known to be dangerous and there was carelessness or recklessness in handling it .

The officer must indeed be prepared to sustain his attempts at persuasiveness over a long period of time , a matter which can pose problems , for he must be able to sense when a less conciliatory performance is warranted and a show of force , however discreet , would be appropriate .
the officer must indeed be prepared to sustain his attempts at persuasiveness over a long period of time , a matter which can pose problems , for he must be able to sense when a less conciliatory performance is warranted and a show of force , however discreet , would be [reasonable] .

He normally decides when an encounter with a discharger is appropriate and the kind of negotiation to conduct .
he normally decides when an encounter with a discharger is [reasonable] and the kind of negotiation to conduct .

The stat , in short , is not necessarily the most appropriate way of securing compliance .
the stat , in short , is not necessarily the most [reasonable] way of securing compliance .

In general , wherever the officer believes a case to be one which may come to his supervisor 's knowledge , it is appropriate to err on the side of caution , to ‘ go by the book ’ and protect himself from criticism .
in general , wherever the officer believes a case to be one which may come to his supervisor 's knowledge , it is [reasonable] to err on the side of caution , to ‘ go by the book ’ and protect himself from criticism .

The field man confronted with something which may be a ‘ problem ’ has to rely at the outset on his own personal judgment about the most appropriate action to take without waiting for sample results .
the field man confronted with something which may be a ‘ problem ’ has to rely at the outset on his own personal judgment about the most [reasonable] action to take without waiting for sample results .

The approach which is adopted in this book , and which is described in this introductory chapter , is a variety of ‘ contextual ’ approach : it is assumed that the semantic properties of a lexical item are fully reflected in appropriate aspects of the relations it contracts with actual and potential contexts .
the approach which is adopted in this book , and which is described in this introductory chapter , is a variety of ‘ contextual ’ approach : it is assumed that the semantic properties of a lexical item are fully reflected in [reasonable] aspects of the relations it contracts with actual and potential contexts .

If , by contextual manipulation , we can reduce the apparent oddness , or at least cause it to be perceived as communicatively appropriate , then we can take it that we are dealing with a semantic deviance ( although the involvement of grammatical elements can not be ruled out ) .
if , by contextual manipulation , we can reduce the apparent oddness , or at least cause it to be perceived as communicatively [reasonable] , then we can take it that we are dealing with a semantic deviance ( although the involvement of grammatical elements can not be ruled out ) .

We shall inquire presently whether we should ask informants what things mean ; let us first consider whether words are the most appropriate items of language on which to elicit judgement .
we shall inquire presently whether we should ask informants what things mean ; let us first consider whether words are the most [reasonable] items of language on which to elicit judgement .

We do not communicate with isolated words ; words are not the bearers of messages ; they do not , of themselves , ‘ make sense ’ ; they can not , taken singly , be true or false , beautiful , appropriate , paradoxical or original .
we do not communicate with isolated words ; words are not the bearers of messages ; they do not , of themselves , ‘ make sense ’ ; they can not , taken singly , be true or false , beautiful , [reasonable] , paradoxical or original .

What the most appropriate intuitions are , and how they are best used , form the topics of the next section .
what the most [reasonable] intuitions are , and how they are best used , form the topics of the next section .

There is , of course , no inventory of appropriate intuitive judgements given in advance : candidates have to prove themselves by their effectiveness in analysis .
there is , of course , no inventory of [reasonable] intuitive judgements given in advance : candidates have to prove themselves by their effectiveness in analysis .

In appropriate cases , the logical relations between the sentences can be correlated with meaning relations between the differentiating lexical items .
in [reasonable] cases , the logical relations between the sentences can be correlated with meaning relations between the differentiating lexical items .

It is taken as axiomatic in this book that every aspect of the meaning of a word is reflected in a characteristic pattern of semantic normality ( and abnormality ) in grammatically appropriate contexts .
it is taken as axiomatic in this book that every aspect of the meaning of a word is reflected in a characteristic pattern of semantic normality ( and abnormality ) in grammatically [reasonable] contexts .

The vast majority of items for which there is a strong intuition either of meaningfulness or meaninglessness respond in the appropriate way to the test of recurrent semantic contrast .
the vast majority of items for which there is a strong intuition either of meaningfulness or meaninglessness respond in the [reasonable] way to the test of recurrent semantic contrast .

At the same time , idioms show their status as phrases in various ways , too . For example , if an idiom may be inflected , the inflectional affixes are carried by the grammatically appropriate elements within the idiom , whether or not they are semantic constituents ; that is to say , the elements of an idiom retain at least some of their grammatical identity :
at the same time , idioms show their status as phrases in various ways , too . for example , if an idiom may be inflected , the inflectional affixes are carried by the grammatically [reasonable] elements within the idiom , whether or not they are semantic constituents ; that is to say , the elements of an idiom retain at least some of their grammatical identity :

For these reasons , it would not be appropriate to assimilate idioms to the category of words .
for these reasons , it would not be [reasonable] to assimilate idioms to the category of words .

However , that does not mean that the ‘ word-form-in-context ’ is the appropriate unit for lexicological purposes .
however , that does not mean that the ‘ word-form-in-context ’ is the [reasonable] unit for lexicological purposes .

But since this demands a different sense from the one appropriate to its first occurrence , the result is zeugma .
but since this demands a different sense from the one [reasonable] to its first occurrence , the result is zeugma .

It seems appropriate to distinguish two kinds of contextual selection , according to whether the selected sense is established or not .
it seems [reasonable] to distinguish two kinds of contextual selection , according to whether the selected sense is established or not .

It has been argued up to now that although word-meaning is in a sense infinitely variable , nonetheless discrete units — ‘ atoms ’ or ‘ quanta ’ of sense — can be identified which at least in some respects are stable across contexts , and which are the appropriate basic units for lexical semantics .
it has been argued up to now that although word-meaning is in a sense infinitely variable , nonetheless discrete units — ‘ atoms ’ or ‘ quanta ’ of sense — can be identified which at least in some respects are stable across contexts , and which are the [reasonable] basic units for lexical semantics .

The appropriate unit for this purpose is the lexeme : a dictionary contains ( among other things ) an alphabetical list of the lexemes of a language .
the [reasonable] unit for this purpose is the lexeme : a dictionary contains ( among other things ) an alphabetical list of the lexemes of a language .

First , we may call the abstract unit of form which is realised in actual sentences as the appropriate member of a set of word forms differing only in respect of inflections a lexical form ; and we can extend the notion of lexical form to cover an abstraction from the variously inflected manifestations of an idiom or dead metaphor .
first , we may call the abstract unit of form which is realised in actual sentences as the [reasonable] member of a set of word forms differing only in respect of inflections a lexical form ; and we can extend the notion of lexical form to cover an abstraction from the variously inflected manifestations of an idiom or dead metaphor .

Hyponymously related lexical items occur normally , in the appropriate order , in expressions such as the following :
hyponymously related lexical items occur normally , in the [reasonable] order , in expressions such as the following :

It not infrequently happens that an exactly appropriate lexical partner that would complete a paradigmatic relationship is missing , but a lexical item exists , with virtually the required meaning , but of the wrong syntactic category .
it not infrequently happens that an exactly [reasonable] lexical partner that would complete a paradigmatic relationship is missing , but a lexical item exists , with virtually the required meaning , but of the wrong syntactic category .

Many common locutions are semantically well-formed only if an appropriate semantic relation holds between certain of their lexical constituents .
many common locutions are semantically well-formed only if an [reasonable] semantic relation holds between certain of their lexical constituents .

grammatically appropriate ) fillers of the syntactic slot occupied by the other .
grammatically [reasonable] ) fillers of the syntactic slot occupied by the other .

Innovations believe that with the appropriate educationally designed software and the right database , the Interpreter can readily form the basis of a powerful new kind of language learning tool .
innovations believe that with the [reasonable] educationally designed software and the right database , the interpreter can readily form the basis of a powerful new kind of language learning tool .

Sir Leicester may think it appropriate to keep Mr Rouncewell waiting , ‘ opposing his repose and that of Chesney Wold to the restless flight of ironmasters ’ , but it is his housekeeper 's son who now wields the moral authority , for he has come to remove his future daughter-in-law , the lady 's maid Rosa , from Lady Dedlock 's charge because he thinks that position is unsuitable .
sir leicester may think it [reasonable] to keep mr rouncewell waiting , ‘ opposing his repose and that of chesney wold to the restless flight of ironmasters ’ , but it is his housekeeper 's son who now wields the moral authority , for he has come to remove his future daughter-in-law , the lady 's maid rosa , from lady dedlock 's charge because he thinks that position is unsuitable .

Sir Charles takes his Harriet off to view ‘ fine houses ’ as an appropriate pastime for the newly wed .
sir charles takes his harriet off to view ‘ fine houses ’ as an [reasonable] pastime for the newly wed .

Their contribution to the great house is to restore to it its appropriate character , as a hospitable ( but undeniably middle-class ) home .
their contribution to the great house is to restore to it its [reasonable] character , as a hospitable ( but undeniably middle-class ) home .

Their Gothic origin is , for example , apparent in the novels of the Bronte sisters : the mystery of its tenant makes Wildfell Hall both an appropriate setting and intrinsically interesting ; the segregated upper storey of Thornfield Hall shadows the radiance of the fairy palace below , for all the light of its candles , fires , and lamps , reflected in mirrors or gleaming brass or polished wood .
their gothic origin is , for example , apparent in the novels of the bronte sisters : the mystery of its tenant makes wildfell hall both an [reasonable] setting and intrinsically interesting ; the segregated upper storey of thornfield hall shadows the radiance of the fairy palace below , for all the light of its candles , fires , and lamps , reflected in mirrors or gleaming brass or polished wood .

Dorothea 's distress at her distance from that other nation is thus in advance of her time , but the absence of scenes in Middlemarch showing her within the houses of the poor is quite appropriate to the period in which it is set .
dorothea 's distress at her distance from that other nation is thus in advance of her time , but the absence of scenes in middlemarch showing her within the houses of the poor is quite [reasonable] to the period in which it is set .

23c ) , erected by Carr in 1760 for the first earl , is designed to form an appropriate approach to the great gate ( Fig .
23c ) , erected by carr in 1760 for the first earl , is designed to form an [reasonable] approach to the great gate ( fig .

be capable of suggesting appropriate remedies ;
be capable of suggesting [reasonable] remedies ;

The child often learns best when an appropriate variety of concrete experiences are reflected upon , talked about and assimilated or accommodated into his growing mind .
the child often learns best when an [reasonable] variety of concrete experiences are reflected upon , talked about and assimilated or accommodated into his growing mind .

In this respect dissatisfied teachers , and schools lacking a sense of common purpose , are unlikely to be able to provide educational experiences of an appropriate quality .
in this respect dissatisfied teachers , and schools lacking a sense of common purpose , are unlikely to be able to provide educational experiences of an [reasonable] quality .

the appropriate year group taking the examination ;
the [reasonable] year group taking the examination ;

the number of pupils in the appropriate year group by subject , grade and total number in each year group .
the number of pupils in the [reasonable] year group by subject , grade and total number in each year group .

This brings us to a consideration of whether these programmes are capable of suggesting appropriate remedies .
this brings us to a consideration of whether these programmes are capable of suggesting [reasonable] remedies .

Instead , it may be more appropriate to consider national and local educational decision-makers .
instead , it may be more [reasonable] to consider national and local educational decision-makers .

The argument over where control should reside is often based upon the criterion that an evaluation should be capable of suggesting appropriate remedies .
the argument over where control should reside is often based upon the criterion that an evaluation should be capable of suggesting [reasonable] remedies .

Accordingly , curriculum development involves specifying educational goals and selecting appropriate learning contexts in which those goals can be pursued .
accordingly , curriculum development involves specifying educational goals and selecting [reasonable] learning contexts in which those goals can be pursued .

In this he pointed out that whilst the objectives model might be appropriate to those parts of education concerned with skills training and instruction ( acquisition of information ) , it was of no help in the area of understanding ( induction into thought systems ) .
in this he pointed out that whilst the objectives model might be [reasonable] to those parts of education concerned with skills training and instruction ( acquisition of information ) , it was of no help in the area of understanding ( induction into thought systems ) .

Each head of faculty 's final report was duplicated and copies were given to each faculty member , the headteacher , and the appropriate deputy head .
each head of faculty 's final report was duplicated and copies were given to each faculty member , the headteacher , and the [reasonable] deputy head .

Questions and issues arising in the course of the earlier work were collected into a discussion document to be considered by various groups of staff including the senior policy-making body , heads of department , faculty and tutor meetings , and appropriate working parties .
questions and issues arising in the course of the earlier work were collected into a discussion document to be considered by various groups of staff including the senior policy-making body , heads of department , faculty and tutor meetings , and [reasonable] working parties .

The main summits each have a blue plaque attached to the railings at an appropriate point , so that as you walk the pavement , head turned to the south , you can put a name to your favourite mountain .
the main summits each have a blue plaque attached to the railings at an [reasonable] point , so that as you walk the pavement , head turned to the south , you can put a name to your favourite mountain .

Is this an appropriate formula ?
is this an [reasonable] formula ?

The practice of ‘ blacking up ’ faces is definitely not appropriate in present conflict .
the practice of ‘ blacking up ’ faces is definitely not [reasonable] in present conflict .

They are high narrow rooms , their walls covered with reliefs depicting the rites appropriate to them .
they are high narrow rooms , their walls covered with reliefs depicting the rites [reasonable] to them .

For the appellant Mr. Lester submits that it should now be appropriate for the courts to look at Hansard in order to ascertain the intention of the legislators as expressed in the proceedings on the Bill which has then been enacted in the statutory words requiring to be construed .
for the appellant mr. lester submits that it should now be [reasonable] for the courts to look at hansard in order to ascertain the intention of the legislators as expressed in the proceedings on the bill which has then been enacted in the statutory words requiring to be construed .

Its chairman , vice-chairman and secretary were appointed by the Controller of Shipping and each group of men sailors and firemen , engineers , deck officers and cooks and stewards — represented by their appropriate organisations , with the exception of local organisations and the British Seafarers ' Union , though the latter was given a `` due proportion `` of representatives on the passenger line panels of the Southampton and Glasgow District Boards .
its chairman , vice-chairman and secretary were appointed by the controller of shipping and each group of men sailors and firemen , engineers , deck officers and cooks and stewards — represented by their [reasonable] organisations , with the exception of local organisations and the british seafarers ' union , though the latter was given a `` due proportion `` of representatives on the passenger line panels of the southampton and glasgow district boards .

Nevertheless , they require their casual workers to furnish them with appropriate identification and evidence of their tax status .
nevertheless , they require their casual workers to furnish them with [reasonable] identification and evidence of their tax status .

The very short duration of most of the `` events `` for which they are providing services , and the gaps which occur between these `` events `` , make it highly appropriate for such organizations to bring in labour on a casual basis .
the very short duration of most of the `` events `` for which they are providing services , and the gaps which occur between these `` events `` , make it highly [reasonable] for such organizations to bring in labour on a casual basis .

Such contracts are appropriate because the timing and level of the peak can be determined with a high degree of certainty .
such contracts are [reasonable] because the timing and level of the peak can be determined with a high degree of certainty .

Yet even in these circumstances some organizations use open-ended contracts and merely issue the statutory one week 's notice of dismissal at the appropriate point in the season .
yet even in these circumstances some organizations use open-ended contracts and merely issue the statutory one week 's notice of dismissal at the [reasonable] point in the season .

Sometimes this form of contract appeared less appropriate .
sometimes this form of contract appeared less [reasonable] .

They are appropriate for some of the very regular peaks which occur in the retailing sector , but are highly inappropriate for the uncertainty with which many manufacturing organisations are having to cope .
they are [reasonable] for some of the very regular peaks which occur in the retailing sector , but are highly inappropriate for the uncertainty with which many manufacturing organisations are having to cope .

Our analysis of the available statistical sources on employers ' use of the extent of temporary working was complemented by interviews with personnel managers and , as appropriate , trade union representatives from industries , enterprises and establishments where various types of temporary worker were to be found .
our analysis of the available statistical sources on employers ' use of the extent of temporary working was complemented by interviews with personnel managers and , as [reasonable] , trade union representatives from industries , enterprises and establishments where various types of temporary worker were to be found .

Where the requirement for additional labour can be specified precisely , and the organisation knows precisely how long it requires the staff concerned , fixed-term contracts are most appropriate .
where the requirement for additional labour can be specified precisely , and the organisation knows precisely how long it requires the staff concerned , fixed-term contracts are most [reasonable] .

On the basis of the research we undertook , we are doubtful whether either of the latter two epithets are generally appropriate .
on the basis of the research we undertook , we are doubtful whether either of the latter two epithets are generally [reasonable] .

Its use is most appropriate for `` open-ended `` problems where an infinity of solutions may be possible for a given set of design parameters .
its use is most [reasonable] for `` open-ended `` problems where an infinity of solutions may be possible for a given set of design parameters .

Although appropriate for many problems , as this technique does not constrain the creativity of many designs , there is no guarantee that the `` best `` solution will ever be obtained .
although [reasonable] for many problems , as this technique does not constrain the creativity of many designs , there is no guarantee that the `` best `` solution will ever be obtained .

The most appropriate approach might comprise of a combination of the two used in the early stages of design , with an optimization option being employed when the design possibilities have been explored and the parameters , constraints and objectives are no longer likely to change .
the most [reasonable] approach might comprise of a combination of the two used in the early stages of design , with an optimization option being employed when the design possibilities have been explored and the parameters , constraints and objectives are no longer likely to change .

Movement of the gear-lever without the appropriate functional operation of the gearbox is an unsuccessful design .
movement of the gear-lever without the [reasonable] functional operation of the gearbox is an unsuccessful design .

This may initially be viewed with some horror until it is realized that the form of representation inserted into the geometric domain may take on any form appropriate to the solution of the problem .
this may initially be viewed with some horror until it is realized that the form of representation inserted into the geometric domain may take on any form [reasonable] to the solution of the problem .

The type of model chosen should ideally be the one most appropriate to the solution of the problem in hand .
the type of model chosen should ideally be the one most [reasonable] to the solution of the problem in hand .

Normally geometric data is entered directly into the system by calling up the appropriate entry command and responding with the necessary parameters and syntax .
normally geometric data is entered directly into the system by calling up the [reasonable] entry command and responding with the necessary parameters and syntax .

The type of model employed in an activity should thus be chosen according to whether it is appropriate to the problem in hand .
the type of model employed in an activity should thus be chosen according to whether it is [reasonable] to the problem in hand .

The software configuration should thus be capable not only of handling geometry and running analysis programs on the data , but also of selecting the appropriate models for these activities according to the design requests and the functionality specified for those elements .
the software configuration should thus be capable not only of handling geometry and running analysis programs on the data , but also of selecting the [reasonable] models for these activities according to the design requests and the functionality specified for those elements .

These provide the user with a flexible procedure which is simply operated by positioning the tablet pen on the appropriate menu pad key .
these provide the user with a flexible procedure which is simply operated by positioning the tablet pen on the [reasonable] menu pad key .

Once an appropriate file name has been defined the file is automatically structured .
once an [reasonable] file name has been defined the file is automatically structured .

Considerable effort was spent first on locating the appropriate soap powder and the pharmaceutical glycerine , and then on experimenting with proportionate mixtures and blowing techniques for producing the strongest bubbles .
considerable effort was spent first on locating the [reasonable] soap powder and the pharmaceutical glycerine , and then on experimenting with proportionate mixtures and blowing techniques for producing the strongest bubbles .

For months they had been trying with divets and tackle to hoist the appropriate two-ton stone upright and into its hole .
for months they had been trying with divets and tackle to hoist the [reasonable] two-ton stone upright and into its hole .

If we were not away by sunset , there would not be another appropriate departure date for more than a month .
if we were not away by sunset , there would not be another [reasonable] departure date for more than a month .

Whenever we have to remember lists for lectures , appointments or even shopping , we simply associate each item or idea on the list with the appropriate hook .
whenever we have to remember lists for lectures , appointments or even shopping , we simply associate each item or idea on the list with the [reasonable] hook .

If you have made your notes properly ( for `` making `` rather than `` taking `` is the appropriate term for most lecture notes ) , the pages will contain the key words recommended in chapter 4 , a few brief references to standard work with plenty of space left and the final conclusion clearly written in the right-hand margin .
if you have made your notes properly ( for `` making `` rather than `` taking `` is the [reasonable] term for most lecture notes ) , the pages will contain the key words recommended in chapter 4 , a few brief references to standard work with plenty of space left and the final conclusion clearly written in the right-hand margin .

In this circumstance , the term note-taking is more appropriate , for there is little creation or understanding in the process .
in this circumstance , the term note-taking is more [reasonable] , for there is little creation or understanding in the process .

If you intend to study in a library during the day take the appropriate Shelfold with you , but only one .
if you intend to study in a library during the day take the [reasonable] shelfold with you , but only one .

If there are several lectures or seminars that day , carry the appropriate note sheets for each course , separating the different notes with the card dividers .
if there are several lectures or seminars that day , carry the [reasonable] note sheets for each course , separating the different notes with the card dividers .

If so , get out the appropriate Shelfold and add the relevant note .
if so , get out the [reasonable] shelfold and add the relevant note .

Each of your topics in the appropriate Shelfold should be recorded on consecutively numbered pages .
each of your topics in the [reasonable] shelfold should be recorded on consecutively numbered pages .

Never read or listen without being ready to enter a note in the appropriate place where space has been left for such a possibility .
never read or listen without being ready to enter a note in the [reasonable] place where space has been left for such a possibility .

This collective knowledge and experience of many of the world 's experts is available to you if you are prepared to find the appropriate publication and read it .
this collective knowledge and experience of many of the world 's experts is available to you if you are prepared to find the [reasonable] publication and read it .

Having found the appropriate class number from the card , look for it in the subject or classified catalogue and flick through the cards of that particular number .
having found the [reasonable] class number from the card , look for it in the subject or classified catalogue and flick through the cards of that particular number .

You will find the appropriate class number in the subject index .
you will find the [reasonable] class number in the subject index .

The addenda comprise — where appropriate — appendices , diagrams and tables , descriptions of equipment and method , acknowledgements and sometimes a technical abstract and a preface ( which is added just after the title page ) .
the addenda comprise — where [reasonable] — appendices , diagrams and tables , descriptions of equipment and method , acknowledgements and sometimes a technical abstract and a preface ( which is added just after the title page ) .

For practice in the art of report writing , it is recommended that the suggested ideas are used where appropriate in the preparation of lab .
for practice in the art of report writing , it is recommended that the suggested ideas are used where [reasonable] in the preparation of lab .

So that the searcher can go directly to whatever shelf or filing case is appropriate , the number may have to be complex .
so that the searcher can go directly to whatever shelf or filing case is [reasonable] , the number may have to be complex .

The reason for this advice is that , if you go wrong but the examiner can identify the stage at which you have gone wrong , he is able to give you the appropriate credit .
the reason for this advice is that , if you go wrong but the examiner can identify the stage at which you have gone wrong , he is able to give you the [reasonable] credit .

In the future , it might be possible for us to reset our body clock to the new time zone quickly , by taking a pill containing melatonin at the appropriate time of day .
in the future , it might be possible for us to reset our body clock to the new time zone quickly , by taking a pill containing melatonin at the [reasonable] time of day .

It communicates the course by dancing in the appropriate direction on the wall of the hive .
it communicates the course by dancing in the [reasonable] direction on the wall of the hive .

At the appropriate times of the year , caged migrant birds regularly hop in the direction relative to the sun in which they would normally migrate .
at the [reasonable] times of the year , caged migrant birds regularly hop in the direction relative to the sun in which they would normally migrate .

The appropriate change in day length causes the animals ' bodies to produce hormones which activate their reproductive organs .
the [reasonable] change in day length causes the animals ' bodies to produce hormones which activate their reproductive organs .

He had trouble finding an appropriate language for the painter 's obsession with the illuminated material world .
he had trouble finding an [reasonable] language for the painter 's obsession with the illuminated material world .

The decision in Lawrence was a clear decision of this House upon the construction of the word ‘ appropriate ’ in section 1 ( 1 ) of the Act , which had stood for 12 years when doubt was thrown upon it by obiter dicta in Morris .
the decision in lawrence was a clear decision of this house upon the construction of the word ‘ [reasonable] ’ in section 1 ( 1 ) of the act , which had stood for 12 years when doubt was thrown upon it by obiter dicta in morris .

It might seem appropriate to extend theft in this way in order to make it cover as many ways as possible of getting property dishonestly .
it might seem [reasonable] to extend theft in this way in order to make it cover as many ways as possible of getting property dishonestly .

The first contends that the word ‘ appropriate ’ has built into it a connotation that it is some action inconsistent with the owner 's rights , something hostile to the interests of the owner or contrary to his wishes and intention or without his authority .
the first contends that the word ‘ [reasonable] ’ has built into it a connotation that it is some action inconsistent with the owner 's rights , something hostile to the interests of the owner or contrary to his wishes and intention or without his authority .

It is not a reason for giving to the word ‘ appropriate ’ a meaning narrower than it would naturally bear .
it is not a reason for giving to the word ‘ [reasonable] ’ a meaning narrower than it would naturally bear .

Section 20 ( 1 ) ( iv ) was the model for the definition of theft and ‘ appropriate ’ was intended to bear the same meaning .
section 20 ( 1 ) ( iv ) was the model for the definition of theft and ‘ [reasonable] ’ was intended to bear the same meaning .

The Cossacks are to be handed over , by whatever means are deemed appropriate .
the cossacks are to be handed over , by whatever means are deemed [reasonable] .

State the average number of employees ( wherever employed ) in the year , analysed into categories appropriate to the business and disclose their :
state the average number of employees ( wherever employed ) in the year , analysed into categories [reasonable] to the business and disclose their :

Where the provision or accrual for foreseeable losses exceeds costs incurred , the excess should be included within either provisions for liabilities and charges or creditors as appropriate .
where the provision or accrual for foreseeable losses exceeds costs incurred , the excess should be included within either provisions for liabilities and charges or creditors as [reasonable] .

State the average number of employees ( wherever employed ) in the year , analysed into categories appropriate to the business and show :
state the average number of employees ( wherever employed ) in the year , analysed into categories [reasonable] to the business and show :

Advantage can be taken of the filing exemptions as a small company provided that the appropriate note is included on the balance sheet .
advantage can be taken of the filing exemptions as a small company provided that the [reasonable] note is included on the balance sheet .

4 Make a rough diagram of your design and determine whether it is appropriate to the size of the site , e.g. a herb border on the grand scale will not be successful in an area 3 x 3 metres ( 10 x 10 ft ) ; in other words the proportions of the design should be such that there is room to make the most of them in the area concerned .
4 make a rough diagram of your design and determine whether it is [reasonable] to the size of the site , e.g. a herb border on the grand scale will not be successful in an area 3 x 3 metres ( 10 x 10 ft ) ; in other words the proportions of the design should be such that there is room to make the most of them in the area concerned .

Reference will be made to fuller reviews at appropriate points in the text .
reference will be made to fuller reviews at [reasonable] points in the text .

If it is true that verbal questions primarily engage the left hemisphere while spatial questions tap the functions of the right hemisphere , it might be predicted that responses to such questions will be optimal when the appropriate hemisphere is activated rather than if the opposite hemisphere is aroused .
if it is true that verbal questions primarily engage the left hemisphere while spatial questions tap the functions of the right hemisphere , it might be predicted that responses to such questions will be optimal when the [reasonable] hemisphere is activated rather than if the opposite hemisphere is aroused .

There has been some discussion in the literature as to the most appropriate way of expressing the degree of lateral asymmetry which a subject shows in an experiment .
there has been some discussion in the literature as to the most [reasonable] way of expressing the degree of lateral asymmetry which a subject shows in an experiment .

intonation ) of speech is impaired by right hemisphere damage ( Schlanger , Schlanger and Gerstmann , 1976 ) as may be the ability to employ appropriate intonation oneself ( Ross and Mesulam , 1979 ) .
intonation ) of speech is impaired by right hemisphere damage ( schlanger , schlanger and gerstmann , 1976 ) as may be the ability to employ [reasonable] intonation oneself ( ross and mesulam , 1979 ) .

If there is a deficiency it is important that it is corrected by good diet and appropriate nutritional supplements .
if there is a deficiency it is important that it is corrected by good diet and [reasonable] nutritional supplements .

Of course , you can take your clothes off and wash them , or change them as appropriate !
of course , you can take your clothes off and wash them , or change them as [reasonable] !

If this is not practical , you could try cooking a chicken to eat cold over several days ; but once it is cooked , divide it up into the meal portions you require , and place them in the freezer or refrigerator as appropriate .
if this is not practical , you could try cooking a chicken to eat cold over several days ; but once it is cooked , divide it up into the meal portions you require , and place them in the freezer or refrigerator as [reasonable] .

The main aim of several sets of video materials is to present examples of language in use in an appropriate context .
the main aim of several sets of video materials is to present examples of language in use in an [reasonable] context .

You will need a steady supply of up-to-date programmes if you are to exploit their topical nature and you will need to be able to preview regularly to select what is appropriate .
you will need a steady supply of up-to-date programmes if you are to exploit their topical nature and you will need to be able to preview regularly to select what is [reasonable] .

Students often find that their ability to produce language which is appropriate for a particular situation is less than they had expected .
students often find that their ability to produce language which is [reasonable] for a particular situation is less than they had expected .

It ends with a look at uses appropriate to learning objectives at different levels .
it ends with a look at uses [reasonable] to learning objectives at different levels .

Tapes of local examples can be put together quite simply , by editing together selections from appropriate recordings .
tapes of local examples can be put together quite simply , by editing together selections from [reasonable] recordings .

With videodisc the machine can respond to your answer by showing an appropriate picture .
with videodisc the machine can respond to your answer by showing an [reasonable] picture .

If this behaviour is modelled by a modified disc dynamo [ 3 ] , the appropriate magnetohydrodynamic partial differential equations may be truncated to give the simple system : ( 2.3 ) where a , b and c are positive parameters , and .
if this behaviour is modelled by a modified disc dynamo [ 3 ] , the [reasonable] magnetohydrodynamic partial differential equations may be truncated to give the simple system : ( 2.3 ) where a , b and c are positive parameters , and .

You must be aware that such labels may not be appropriate for the whole of the period that you are studying .
you must be aware that such labels may not be [reasonable] for the whole of the period that you are studying .

Finally , once you feel confident that you have selected the appropriate information , you can make notes and review your reading ( see next stage of strategy ) .
finally , once you feel confident that you have selected the [reasonable] information , you can make notes and review your reading ( see next stage of strategy ) .

Advanced level History does demand very detailed knowledge and for this purpose the linear note is very appropriate .
advanced level history does demand very detailed knowledge and for this purpose the linear note is very [reasonable] .

Your decision as to whether a diagram is appropriate largely depends upon the purpose of the note and the quantity of information that is needed ( see below ) .
your decision as to whether a diagram is [reasonable] largely depends upon the purpose of the note and the quantity of information that is needed ( see below ) .

If the table suggests that the predators are showing selection ( in other words the columns appear to be different ) , test the likelihood of this using an appropriate statistical test .
if the table suggests that the predators are showing selection ( in other words the columns appear to be different ) , test the likelihood of this using an [reasonable] statistical test .

Here the girls meet the hospital staff and get used to the relevant delivery rooms and wards ; they learn about the changes to expect in their bodies ; are advised on appropriate food and clothes ; and practise childcare .
here the girls meet the hospital staff and get used to the relevant delivery rooms and wards ; they learn about the changes to expect in their bodies ; are advised on [reasonable] food and clothes ; and practise childcare .

( a mix of appropriate ages and genders
( a mix of [reasonable] ages and genders

Just tick the appropriate box below and attach the coupon to the front of your letter .
just tick the [reasonable] box below and attach the coupon to the front of your letter .

Just tick the appropriate box below and attach the coupon to the front of your letter .
just tick the [reasonable] box below and attach the coupon to the front of your letter .

‘ Patient compliance ’ is the appropriate response .
‘ patient compliance ’ is the [reasonable] response .

This article will present a definition appropriate for community development , review the public health and social science literature that suggests the health-enhancing capability of empowerment , and provide an overview of empowerment education theory from Brazilian educator Paulo Freire .
this article will present a definition [reasonable] for community development , review the public health and social science literature that suggests the health-enhancing capability of empowerment , and provide an overview of empowerment education theory from brazilian educator paulo freire .

As people identify their own problems collaboratively and begin to analyze the conditions that contribute to the problems , they can develop strategies that are appropriate for their own culture , time , and place .
as people identify their own problems collaboratively and begin to analyze the conditions that contribute to the problems , they can develop strategies that are [reasonable] for their own culture , time , and place .

For most people in El Salvador , especially the poor majority , traditional medicine offers a powerful , all-embracing and often effective medical and cultural framework to understand their health and seek appropriate care .
for most people in el salvador , especially the poor majority , traditional medicine offers a powerful , all-embracing and often effective medical and cultural framework to understand their health and seek [reasonable] care .

appropriate health manpower development ;
[reasonable] health manpower development ;

appropriate health service development ; and
[reasonable] health service development ; and

The use of appropriate ( but not necessary low cost ) technology , and
the use of [reasonable] ( but not necessary low cost ) technology , and

The use of appropriate technology .
the use of [reasonable] technology .

The Local Government Commission is working to consider appropriate new structures in consultation with local communities .
the local government commission is working to consider [reasonable] new structures in consultation with local communities .

White and cream and yellow and gold did not to everyone seem entirely appropriate shades to represent the Headleands , whose natural colouring , as in a party game , might have been supposed to be more primary , more violent , more extreme , more robust .
white and cream and yellow and gold did not to everyone seem entirely [reasonable] shades to represent the headleands , whose natural colouring , as in a party game , might have been supposed to be more primary , more violent , more extreme , more robust .

If the point is finally disposed of by the European Court and if the judgment goes against the United Kingdom , then the question will arise about the appropriate response to bring the legal system into line with the State 's international obligations .
if the point is finally disposed of by the european court and if the judgment goes against the united kingdom , then the question will arise about the [reasonable] response to bring the legal system into line with the state 's international obligations .

Only if the House of Lords decides that it is appropriate that it should decide the uncertified point should it do so , perhaps in circumstances like those in Gallagher where the certified issue and the question ultimately determined by the House of Lords were not easily disentangled .
only if the house of lords decides that it is [reasonable] that it should decide the uncertified point should it do so , perhaps in circumstances like those in gallagher where the certified issue and the question ultimately determined by the house of lords were not easily disentangled .

Justices — Bail — Conditions of bail — Arrest for breach of condition — Appropriate procedure — Whether single justice having jurisdiction to hear matter — Whether power to adjourn — Bail Act 1976 ( c. 63 ) , s. 7(4) ( 5 ) — Magistrates ' Courts Act 1980 ( c. 43 ) , s. 121(1)
justices — bail — conditions of bail — arrest for breach of condition — [reasonable] procedure — whether single justice having jurisdiction to hear matter — whether power to adjourn — bail act 1976 ( c. 63 ) , s. 7(4) ( 5 ) — magistrates ' courts act 1980 ( c. 43 ) , s. 121(1)

It is also our view that a full bail application followed ( if appropriate ) by a full hearing certificate should be made and not just a hearing limited to whether there has been a breach or not .
it is also our view that a full bail application followed ( if [reasonable] ) by a full hearing certificate should be made and not just a hearing limited to whether there has been a breach or not .

‘ ( 1 ) strict rules of evidence were inherently inappropriate in a court concerned to decide whether there were substantial grounds for believing something , such as a court considering an application under the Bail Act 1976 ; ( 2 ) when considering an opposed application for bail justices were bound to investigate an alleged change of circumstance but where they erred by refusing so to do their subsequent order was not rendered void , although a court with appropriate jurisdiction could interfere to set it aside .
‘ ( 1 ) strict rules of evidence were inherently inappropriate in a court concerned to decide whether there were substantial grounds for believing something , such as a court considering an application under the bail act 1976 ; ( 2 ) when considering an opposed application for bail justices were bound to investigate an alleged change of circumstance but where they erred by refusing so to do their subsequent order was not rendered void , although a court with [reasonable] jurisdiction could interfere to set it aside .

Accordingly , a writ of habeas corpus could not issue ; the appropriate remedy was an application for bail before a judge in chambers .
accordingly , a writ of habeas corpus could not issue ; the [reasonable] remedy was an application for bail before a judge in chambers .

To summarize , norms define appropriate and acceptable behaviour in specific situations .
to summarize , norms define [reasonable] and acceptable behaviour in specific situations .

It can be argued , for example , that teaching can be accomplished more effectively if teacher and student adopt their appropriate roles .
it can be argued , for example , that teaching can be accomplished more effectively if teacher and student adopt their [reasonable] roles .

They share the same values , follow the same norms and play a variety of roles , adopting the appropriate behaviour for each .
they share the same values , follow the same norms and play a variety of roles , adopting the [reasonable] behaviour for each .

Once behaviour is seen as a response to some external stimulus ( such as economic forces or the requirements of the social system ) the methods and assumptions of the natural sciences appear appropriate to the study of humans .
once behaviour is seen as a response to some external stimulus ( such as economic forces or the requirements of the social system ) the methods and assumptions of the natural sciences appear [reasonable] to the study of humans .

However , it is necessary to undergo the appropriate socialization in the institutions just mentioned to gain acceptance in either of these groups .
however , it is necessary to undergo the [reasonable] socialization in the institutions just mentioned to gain acceptance in either of these groups .

Now that the Clinton administration has swiftly and decisively reversed the ban , the time is right to discuss the scientifically and ethically appropriate uses of this material .
now that the clinton administration has swiftly and decisively reversed the ban , the time is right to discuss the scientifically and ethically [reasonable] uses of this material .

While proposing solutions through public participation , they feel no need to define appropriate constituencies or organizational strategies .
while proposing solutions through public participation , they feel no need to define [reasonable] constituencies or organizational strategies .

Meanwhile the Broads were due to be given National Park status in April 1989 , and it seemed appropriate to mark the occasion with a modern study , albeit a subjective one .
meanwhile the broads were due to be given national park status in april 1989 , and it seemed [reasonable] to mark the occasion with a modern study , albeit a subjective one .

‘ It is plainly in the interests of the more efficient administration of justice that there should be split trials in appropriate cases , as even where the decision on the first part of a split trial is such that there will have to be a second part , it may be desirable that the decision shall be appealed before incurring the possibly unnecessary expense of the second part .
‘ it is plainly in the interests of the more efficient administration of justice that there should be split trials in [reasonable] cases , as even where the decision on the first part of a split trial is such that there will have to be a second part , it may be desirable that the decision shall be appealed before incurring the possibly unnecessary expense of the second part .

Each applicant had applied for his respective daughter to be admitted to the school in September 1991 , thus expressing their preference in accordance with the appropriate arrangements under the Education Act 1980 .
each applicant had applied for his respective daughter to be admitted to the school in september 1991 , thus expressing their preference in accordance with the [reasonable] arrangements under the education act 1980 .

’ , it becomes more appropriate to ask , ‘ Is this newly proposed theory a viable replacement for the one it challenges ?
’ , it becomes more [reasonable] to ask , ‘ is this newly proposed theory a viable replacement for the one it challenges ?

Once this had been done , it was possible to test the new proposal by inspecting the appropriate region of the sky through a telescope .
once this had been done , it was possible to test the new proposal by inspecting the [reasonable] region of the sky through a telescope .

Whether or not one theory is better than another is to be judged relative to the standards of the appropriate community , and those standards will typically vary with the cultural and historical setting of the community .
whether or not one theory is better than another is to be judged relative to the standards of the [reasonable] community , and those standards will typically vary with the cultural and historical setting of the community .

As such , they may be more appropriate for urban areas , where most of the housing in any area tends to be of a similar age and type and the blanket effect of the area-based policy will at least have some logical basis ( although even in inner cities problems do not necessarily come in a spatially concentrated form — see Smith 1979a ) .
as such , they may be more [reasonable] for urban areas , where most of the housing in any area tends to be of a similar age and type and the blanket effect of the area-based policy will at least have some logical basis ( although even in inner cities problems do not necessarily come in a spatially concentrated form — see smith 1979a ) .

In addition , the relatively small number of alternative dwellings available to families who have to live in specific rural locations may mean that they have to take and retain whatever dwelling is available , whether or not it is appropriate to their needs .
in addition , the relatively small number of alternative dwellings available to families who have to live in specific rural locations may mean that they have to take and retain whatever dwelling is available , whether or not it is [reasonable] to their needs .

These can give people who have to live in certain remote locations a slightly better chance of obtaining appropriate accommodation .
these can give people who have to live in certain remote locations a slightly better chance of obtaining [reasonable] accommodation .

They can be particularly appropriate to smaller villages since they can be small-scale and use small plots of land , and as a result they are more likely to receive planning permission .
they can be particularly [reasonable] to smaller villages since they can be small-scale and use small plots of land , and as a result they are more likely to receive planning permission .

It depends on matters such as physical attributes and abilities of individuals , their monetary resources , the availability of mechanized means of transport and the appropriate infrastructure ; but it does not depend on the opportunities that may or may not present themselves as a result of moving : accessibility alone incorporates this feature ( Moseley 1979a ) .
it depends on matters such as physical attributes and abilities of individuals , their monetary resources , the availability of mechanized means of transport and the [reasonable] infrastructure ; but it does not depend on the opportunities that may or may not present themselves as a result of moving : accessibility alone incorporates this feature ( moseley 1979a ) .

While it was generally agreed that these broad aims were appropriate , there were considerable difficulties in their detailed implementation , often arising from conflicts over land use .
while it was generally agreed that these broad aims were [reasonable] , there were considerable difficulties in their detailed implementation , often arising from conflicts over land use .

Then in an appropriate case the public authority may be able to secure the institution of a prosecution for criminal libel .
then in an [reasonable] case the public authority may be able to secure the institution of a prosecution for criminal libel .

It is on the other hand , in my judgment , necessary in our democratic society for a local government authority to be able to take appropriate proceedings for the protection of its property and reputation .
it is on the other hand , in my judgment , necessary in our democratic society for a local government authority to be able to take [reasonable] proceedings for the protection of its property and reputation .

If those who profit from the sale of descriptions of their investigations and speculations about matters of public interest are not restrained by fear of appropriate penal or financial consequences from publishing defamatory statements which are false , it is likely that some of them would publish so much in the nature of defamatory allegations against public organisations , and the men and women who run those organisations , that the public , if there was no effective process for determining whether the charges were substantially true or not , might cease to be greatly concerned about the charges save for such amusement as the stories might provide .
if those who profit from the sale of descriptions of their investigations and speculations about matters of public interest are not restrained by fear of [reasonable] penal or financial consequences from publishing defamatory statements which are false , it is likely that some of them would publish so much in the nature of defamatory allegations against public organisations , and the men and women who run those organisations , that the public , if there was no effective process for determining whether the charges were substantially true or not , might cease to be greatly concerned about the charges save for such amusement as the stories might provide .

In assessing whether there is likely to be prejudice and if so whether it can properly be described as serious , the following matters should be borne in mind : first , the power of the judge at common law and under the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 to regulate the admissibility of evidence ; secondly , the trial process itself , which should ensure that all relevant factual issues arising from delay will be placed before the jury as part of the evidence for their consideration , together with the powers of the judge to give appropriate directions to the jury before they consider their verdict .
in assessing whether there is likely to be prejudice and if so whether it can properly be described as serious , the following matters should be borne in mind : first , the power of the judge at common law and under the police and criminal evidence act 1984 to regulate the admissibility of evidence ; secondly , the trial process itself , which should ensure that all relevant factual issues arising from delay will be placed before the jury as part of the evidence for their consideration , together with the powers of the judge to give [reasonable] directions to the jury before they consider their verdict .

In the event of an unsuccessful application to the Crown Court on such grounds , the appropriate procedure will be for the trial to proceed in accordance with the ruling of the trial judge and , if necessary , the point should be argued as part of any appeal to the Court of Appeal ( Criminal Division ) .
in the event of an unsuccessful application to the crown court on such grounds , the [reasonable] procedure will be for the trial to proceed in accordance with the ruling of the trial judge and , if necessary , the point should be argued as part of any appeal to the court of appeal ( criminal division ) .

It is now clearly established that a juvenile who pleads guilty to an offence or series of offences for which the maximum term of custody is a sentence of 12 months ' detention in a young offender institution should normally receive an appropriate discount to reflect his plea , subject to the general principles governing the award of a discount .
it is now clearly established that a juvenile who pleads guilty to an offence or series of offences for which the maximum term of custody is a sentence of 12 months ' detention in a young offender institution should normally receive an [reasonable] discount to reflect his plea , subject to the general principles governing the award of a discount .

But in addition to explaining this mystery , it is a beautiful example of what can be achieved by neurons having the appropriate projective zones .
but in addition to explaining this mystery , it is a beautiful example of what can be achieved by neurons having the [reasonable] projective zones .

All the 1,000 or so retinal ganglion cells that are maximally excited by rotation about one particular axis , whatever their positions in the visual field , project to one of the three divisions of the nucleus of the accessory optic tract ; similarly all those excited by rotations about the other two also go to their appropriate subdivisions .
all the 1,000 or so retinal ganglion cells that are maximally excited by rotation about one particular axis , whatever their positions in the visual field , project to one of the three divisions of the nucleus of the accessory optic tract ; similarly all those excited by rotations about the other two also go to their [reasonable] subdivisions .

The primary visual cortex is surrounded by many secondary visual regions that seem to deal with special qualities of the image such as colour and movement , and in theory much could be achieved by assembling in appropriate ways information about the occurrence of different trigger features .
the primary visual cortex is surrounded by many secondary visual regions that seem to deal with special qualities of the image such as colour and movement , and in theory much could be achieved by assembling in [reasonable] ways information about the occurrence of different trigger features .

One wonders how many of one 's own mental defects result from lack of the appropriate experience at the proper time !
one wonders how many of one 's own mental defects result from lack of the [reasonable] experience at the proper time !

By reporting the character ’ s thoughts in the third person , past tense , as in traditional narrative , but keeping to vocabulary appropriate to the character , and omitting some or all of the tags that normally introduce reported speech ( like ‘ he thought ’ , ‘ she wondered ’ , etc . )
by reporting the character ’ s thoughts in the third person , past tense , as in traditional narrative , but keeping to vocabulary [reasonable] to the character , and omitting some or all of the tags that normally introduce reported speech ( like ‘ he thought ’ , ‘ she wondered ’ , etc . )

Those who lay claim to these rights and expect to have violations recognised and remedied , know that they undertake reciprocal obligations and will be expected to provide appropriate remedies if they are guilty of infraction , even if innocently .
those who lay claim to these rights and expect to have violations recognised and remedied , know that they undertake reciprocal obligations and will be expected to provide [reasonable] remedies if they are guilty of infraction , even if innocently .

Particularly in complex , internally differentiated societies , musical styles are assemblages of elements from a variety of sources each with a variety of histories and connotations , and these assemblages can , in appropriate circumstances , be prised open and the elements rearticulated in different contexts .
particularly in complex , internally differentiated societies , musical styles are assemblages of elements from a variety of sources each with a variety of histories and connotations , and these assemblages can , in [reasonable] circumstances , be prised open and the elements rearticulated in different contexts .

These were still available to twentieth-century American popular music , as analogous genres were to Bartók and Janáček ; but further , they could then become available also to European workers whose own cultural traditions had been much more nearly shattered and who could , by plugging into still vital transatlantic networks , renew or restart aspects appropriate to potential class-cultural formations .
these were still available to twentieth-century american popular music , as analogous genres were to bartók and janáček ; but further , they could then become available also to european workers whose own cultural traditions had been much more nearly shattered and who could , by plugging into still vital transatlantic networks , renew or restart aspects [reasonable] to potential class-cultural formations .

Neither for them nor for their music are the simple categories of ‘ mass ’ or ‘ individual ’ appropriate .
neither for them nor for their music are the simple categories of ‘ mass ’ or ‘ individual ’ [reasonable] .

This may make some sense for the bourgeois ‘ art ’ tradition ( though probably not as much as he thinks ) but when the elements of the entire musical production-consumption process become both more unified and interdependent , and more ‘ socialized ’ , it becomes less appropriate .
this may make some sense for the bourgeois ‘ art ’ tradition ( though probably not as much as he thinks ) but when the elements of the entire musical production-consumption process become both more unified and interdependent , and more ‘ socialized ’ , it becomes less [reasonable] .

Content — however radical — can always be appropriated by the existing cultural powers ; for Benjamin , then , cultural politics must become more of a running guerrilla war , in which any appropriate materials , tactics , techniques and relationships may be used .
content — however radical — can always be appropriated by the existing cultural powers ; for benjamin , then , cultural politics must become more of a running guerrilla war , in which any [reasonable] materials , tactics , techniques and relationships may be used .

In the long run it may be possible to go further than this , to appropriate in the form of tax revenue a large part of the income which workers would otherwise have put into long-term savings schemes , and to expand commensurately the socialised provision for retired workers ( state pensions plus appropriate social amenities ) .
in the long run it may be possible to go further than this , to [reasonable] in the form of tax revenue a large part of the income which workers would otherwise have put into long-term savings schemes , and to expand commensurately the socialised provision for retired workers ( state pensions plus [reasonable] social amenities ) .

Probably more important than the detail of how a left government could appropriate personal saving , is the question of deployment of the funds .
probably more important than the detail of how a left government could [reasonable] personal saving , is the question of deployment of the funds .

It is more appropriate to regard these social collectivities as based on what Wittgenstein called ‘ family resemblances ’ .
it is more [reasonable] to regard these social collectivities as based on what wittgenstein called ‘ family resemblances ’ .

It is appropriate here to step back from the detail of party politics and to attempt to draw out in general terms the conditions producing this weakening hold of governments over popular support .
it is [reasonable] here to step back from the detail of party politics and to attempt to draw out in general terms the conditions producing this weakening hold of governments over popular support .

Photography like Bettina Theims ' is always difficult to appropriate .
photography like bettina theims ' is always difficult to [reasonable] .

Before she could think of an appropriate greeting , Rosie said , ‘ Welcome back to Italy .
before she could think of an [reasonable] greeting , rosie said , ‘ welcome back to italy .

Choosing the most appropriate things to eat and in the case of man the most effective materials for tools and weapons is adaptive in the sense that it makes for biological survival : organisms which practise the keenest discrimination flourish at the expense of those less discriminating in their choices .
choosing the most [reasonable] things to eat and in the case of man the most effective materials for tools and weapons is adaptive in the sense that it makes for biological survival : organisms which practise the keenest discrimination flourish at the expense of those less discriminating in their choices .

Although it has yet to displace the older established metal in western sentiment , court jewellers have for some time been using platinum as a more appropriate setting for diamonds than gold .
although it has yet to displace the older established metal in western sentiment , court jewellers have for some time been using platinum as a more [reasonable] setting for diamonds than gold .

Enamels of permanent gem-like quality can be made by adding the appropriate metals to powdered glass fused to a metal base .
enamels of permanent gem-like quality can be made by adding the [reasonable] metals to powdered glass fused to a metal base .

The notions of excellence they embody are used to fortify and legitimize the sacred and profane dimensions of authority while at the same time denoting official executants by means of appropriate insignia .
the notions of excellence they embody are used to fortify and legitimize the sacred and profane dimensions of authority while at the same time denoting official executants by means of [reasonable] insignia .

Gregory the Great found time to designate the varieties most appropriate to the different orders of the Hierarchy of Heaven — sard for Seraphim , topaz for Cherubim , jasper for Thrones , chrysolite for Dominions , onyx for Principalities , beryl for Powers , sapphire for Virtues , carbuncle for Archangels and emerald for Angels .
gregory the great found time to designate the varieties most [reasonable] to the different orders of the hierarchy of heaven — sard for seraphim , topaz for cherubim , jasper for thrones , chrysolite for dominions , onyx for principalities , beryl for powers , sapphire for virtues , carbuncle for archangels and emerald for angels .

Enough has been said even in this brief review to make the point that when men wished to designate sanctity or degrees of sanctity it was to the hierarchy of precious substances that they turned for appropriate symbols .
enough has been said even in this brief review to make the point that when men wished to designate sanctity or degrees of sanctity it was to the hierarchy of precious substances that they turned for [reasonable] symbols .

‘ Restricting the liberty of children is a serious step which must be taken only when there is no genuine alternative which would be appropriate .
‘ restricting the liberty of children is a serious step which must be taken only when there is no genuine alternative which would be [reasonable] .

‘ It is the role of the court to safeguard the child 's welfare from inappropriate or unnecessary use of secure accommodation , both by satisfying itself that those making the application have demonstrated that the statutory criteria in section 25 ( 1 ) or regulation 6 , as appropriate , have been met and by having regard to the provisions and principles of section 1 of the Act .
‘ it is the role of the court to safeguard the child 's welfare from inappropriate or unnecessary use of secure accommodation , both by satisfying itself that those making the application have demonstrated that the statutory criteria in section 25 ( 1 ) or regulation 6 , as [reasonable] , have been met and by having regard to the provisions and principles of section 1 of the act .

The Director of the Serious Fraud Office formed the opinion that the matter was appropriate for investigation by procedures under the Criminal Justice Act 1987and on 24 June served a notice on the applicant requiring him to attend for interview at her offices and answer questions or otherwise furnish information .
the director of the serious fraud office formed the opinion that the matter was [reasonable] for investigation by procedures under the criminal justice act 1987and on 24 june served a notice on the applicant requiring him to attend for interview at her offices and answer questions or otherwise furnish information .

Meanwhile , the Director of the Serious Fraud Office had become aware of suspicion attaching to the affairs of the company , and at an early stage formed the opinion that the matter was appropriate for investigation by procedures created by the Criminal Justice Act 1987 . In due course on 5 June an assistant director of the Serious Fraud Office wrote to the applicant to the following effect :
meanwhile , the director of the serious fraud office had become aware of suspicion attaching to the affairs of the company , and at an early stage formed the opinion that the matter was [reasonable] for investigation by procedures created by the criminal justice act 1987 . in due course on 5 june an assistant director of the serious fraud office wrote to the applicant to the following effect :

The Secretary of State may from time to time revise the whole or any part of a code of practice to which this section applies and issue that revised code ; and the foregoing provisions of this section shall apply ( with appropriate modifications ) to such a revised code as they apply to the first issue of a code .
the secretary of state may from time to time revise the whole or any part of a code of practice to which this section applies and issue that revised code ; and the foregoing provisions of this section shall apply ( with [reasonable] modifications ) to such a revised code as they apply to the first issue of a code .

Any resulting action should be taken in the presence of the appropriate adult if the person is a juvenile or mentally disordered or mentally handicapped .
any resulting action should be taken in the presence of the [reasonable] adult if the person is a juvenile or mentally disordered or mentally handicapped .

’ If the person is a juvenile or is mentally disordered or mentally handicapped the notice shall be given to the appropriate adult .
’ if the person is a juvenile or is mentally disordered or mentally handicapped the notice shall be given to the [reasonable] adult .

If the person is a juvenile or mentally disordered or mentally handicapped the copy shall also be given to , or the interview record brought to the attention of , the appropriate adult .
if the person is a juvenile or mentally disordered or mentally handicapped the copy shall also be given to , or the interview record brought to the attention of , the [reasonable] adult .

They do no more than show that the legislature has not shrunk , where it has seemed appropriate , from interfering in a greater or lesser degree with the immunities grouped under the title of the right to silence .
they do no more than show that the legislature has not shrunk , where it has seemed [reasonable] , from interfering in a greater or lesser degree with the immunities grouped under the title of the right to silence .

Third , the success of the revolution depended on the presence not only of the appropriate ‘ objective ’ social and economic conditions , but of the necessary ‘ subjective ’ conditions : the organization of the proletariat into a class-conscious revolutionary movement .
third , the success of the revolution depended on the presence not only of the [reasonable] ‘ objective ’ social and economic conditions , but of the necessary ‘ subjective ’ conditions : the organization of the proletariat into a class-conscious revolutionary movement .

Punishments should , he said , be public and of a kind appropriate to the type of offence : corporal punishments for crimes of violence , public humiliation for ‘ crimes founded on pride ’ and so on .
punishments should , he said , be public and of a kind [reasonable] to the type of offence : corporal punishments for crimes of violence , public humiliation for ‘ crimes founded on pride ’ and so on .

Such people should be diagnosed by experts and given appropriate treatment which will prevent them from re-offending ; if necessary they can be detained to incapacitate them in the meantime .
such people should be diagnosed by experts and given [reasonable] treatment which will prevent them from re-offending ; if necessary they can be detained to incapacitate them in the meantime .

Due process is not appropriate in the diagnosis and treatment of crime any more than it is in medicine , since the scientific investigative process does not and should not proceed along legalistic lines .
due process is not [reasonable] in the diagnosis and treatment of crime any more than it is in medicine , since the scientific investigative process does not and should not proceed along legalistic lines .

In triable either way cases magistrates have first to decide which venue would be more appropriate for trial of the offence , in the light of representations made by the prosecutor and the defence .
in triable either way cases magistrates have first to decide which venue would be more [reasonable] for trial of the offence , in the light of representations made by the prosecutor and the defence .

Wide discretion on the part of sentencers is a hallmark of the system , and this extends both to the initial choice of sentencing aim which the sentencer thinks it appropriate to pursue in any given case , and to the selection of a particular measure from the extensive range that is available .
wide discretion on the part of sentencers is a hallmark of the system , and this extends both to the initial choice of sentencing aim which the sentencer thinks it [reasonable] to pursue in any given case , and to the selection of a particular measure from the extensive range that is available .

Most relate to the use of custodial penalties and are based on a technique that dates back to 1949 when courts were directed to avoid passing custodial sentences on young adult offenders unless it appeared that no other method was appropriate .
most relate to the use of custodial penalties and are based on a technique that dates back to 1949 when courts were directed to avoid passing custodial sentences on young adult offenders unless it appeared that no other method was [reasonable] .

These go beyond the immediate issues raised by a particular case and spell out the range of penalties felt to be appropriate for varying degrees of seriousness within a given offence category .
these go beyond the immediate issues raised by a particular case and spell out the range of penalties felt to be [reasonable] for varying degrees of seriousness within a given offence category .

While the Court of Appeal is ultimately responsible for establishing the tariff , this is far from being a cut-and-dried list of appropriate penalties .
while the court of appeal is ultimately responsible for establishing the tariff , this is far from being a cut-and-dried list of [reasonable] penalties .

It is merely a rough guide to the general sentencing levels that this court feels is appropriate , and allowance needs to be made for inconsistency on the part of the Court of Appeal itself ( Thomas , 1993 ) , plus the considerable ‘ latitude ’ which is normally allowed before it will interfere with a sentence passed by the Crown Court .
it is merely a rough guide to the general sentencing levels that this court feels is [reasonable] , and allowance needs to be made for inconsistency on the part of the court of appeal itself ( thomas , 1993 ) , plus the considerable ‘ latitude ’ which is normally allowed before it will interfere with a sentence passed by the crown court .

There are various ways in which this might be done , but by prescribing in advance the appropriate penalty for a whole range of offender/offence combinations , they are all based on a much more systematic approach than could ever be achieved by a system of appellate review ( including the Court of Appeal 's attempt to formulate a series of ‘ guide-line judgements ’ ) .
there are various ways in which this might be done , but by prescribing in advance the [reasonable] penalty for a whole range of offender/offence combinations , they are all based on a much more systematic approach than could ever be achieved by a system of appellate review ( including the court of appeal 's attempt to formulate a series of ‘ guide-line judgements ’ ) .

By providing sentencers with one set of criteria relating to the circumstances of the offence in question , and a different range of criteria taking into account relevant characteristics of the offender , the guide-lines operate rather in the manner of a road mileage chart , enabling the appropriate , or ‘ presumptive ’ , penalty to be simply ‘ read off ’ from the matrix supplied .
by providing sentencers with one set of criteria relating to the circumstances of the offence in question , and a different range of criteria taking into account relevant characteristics of the offender , the guide-lines operate rather in the manner of a road mileage chart , enabling the [reasonable] , or ‘ presumptive ’ , penalty to be simply ‘ read off ’ from the matrix supplied .

However , the guide-lines normally only provide a starting-point , which the sentencer is free to depart from if this is regarded as appropriate , and provided reasons are given for doing so .
however , the guide-lines normally only provide a starting-point , which the sentencer is free to depart from if this is regarded as [reasonable] , and provided reasons are given for doing so .

This growth was achieved mainly by diplomacy and by playing off , at the appropriate times , the contending powers of the Slav kingdoms — the Byzantines , the Venetians and the Turks .
this growth was achieved mainly by diplomacy and by playing off , at the [reasonable] times , the contending powers of the slav kingdoms — the byzantines , the venetians and the turks .

By the time of Dositej , the Austro-Serbian Church was led by narrow conservatives whose attitudes were a hindrance to the development of a popular Serbian culture appropriate to the needs of the nation struggling to be born .
by the time of dositej , the austro-serbian church was led by narrow conservatives whose attitudes were a hindrance to the development of a popular serbian culture [reasonable] to the needs of the nation struggling to be born .

Or is this another example of what is appropriate to circumstances ?
or is this another example of what is [reasonable] to circumstances ?

Most of them were inapplicable , but there were procedures for language which might be appropriate .
most of them were inapplicable , but there were procedures for language which might be [reasonable] .

If this was jewellery , she could not possibly accept it , no matter how appropriate it might be for the gown she was wearing .
if this was jewellery , she could not possibly accept it , no matter how [reasonable] it might be for the gown she was wearing .

We are aware that you are currently residing in the United States and must inform you that it will be necessary for you to come to London and report to our offices with appropriate means of identification .
we are aware that you are currently residing in the united states and must inform you that it will be necessary for you to come to london and report to our offices with [reasonable] means of identification .

‘ By this method we believe that we will get a more appropriate range into the stores , and that those titles with be maintained in stock at all times .
‘ by this method we believe that we will get a more [reasonable] range into the stores , and that those titles with be maintained in stock at all times .

They knew of the construction of the sewer , and they ought to have appreciated the possibility of damage to their mains and taken appropriate action to prevent or rectify it .
they knew of the construction of the sewer , and they ought to have appreciated the possibility of damage to their mains and taken [reasonable] action to prevent or rectify it .

It is hoped that this chapter will not be dismissed as an arid academic ground-clearing exercise , since it has important things to say about the most appropriate way to approach the subject of the book .
it is hoped that this chapter will not be dismissed as an arid academic ground-clearing exercise , since it has important things to say about the most [reasonable] way to approach the subject of the book .

The presentation of policies in this section will be sketchy because they are generally covered more fully in the appropriate detailed chapter later in the book .
the presentation of policies in this section will be sketchy because they are generally covered more fully in the [reasonable] detailed chapter later in the book .

This is supplemented by special legislation from Westminster where appropriate .
this is supplemented by special legislation from westminster where [reasonable] .

In view of their small size , however , it does not seem appropriate to say anything more about them .
in view of their small size , however , it does not seem [reasonable] to say anything more about them .

The top-tier authorities are there known as regions , a more appropriate title perhaps , as one of them , Strathclyde , contains half the population of Scotland .
the top-tier authorities are there known as regions , a more [reasonable] title perhaps , as one of them , strathclyde , contains half the population of scotland .

Some decision-making processes are influenced more by some factors than by others ; thus it is probably appropriate to stress the importance of political input in British central government , of organizational considerations in British local government and of bargaining with external forces in American government .
some decision-making processes are influenced more by some factors than by others ; thus it is probably [reasonable] to stress the importance of political input in british central government , of organizational considerations in british local government and of bargaining with external forces in american government .

It is significant that , while in some areas , such as London , this development was motivated by a political commitment , in other places , for example rural Devon , it was educational administrators who had convinced councils , of a broadly Conservative persuasion , that the development of such schools was the most appropriate policy .
it is significant that , while in some areas , such as london , this development was motivated by a political commitment , in other places , for example rural devon , it was educational administrators who had convinced councils , of a broadly conservative persuasion , that the development of such schools was the most [reasonable] policy .

Before , therefore , exploring any further the phenomenon of policy implementation , a brief account of the main groups of people responsible for social policy implementation in Britain is appropriate .
before , therefore , exploring any further the phenomenon of policy implementation , a brief account of the main groups of people responsible for social policy implementation in britain is [reasonable] .

While the chain image is not entirely appropriate , since varying responsibilities and degrees of autonomy are involved , and individuals in the chain may be bypassed , it is important to acknowledge that implementation may depend upon the following series of links : education committee , chief education officer and his or her administrative staff , local authority inspectors , school governors and managers , head teachers , departmental heads within the schools , and class teachers .
while the chain image is not entirely [reasonable] , since varying responsibilities and degrees of autonomy are involved , and individuals in the chain may be bypassed , it is important to acknowledge that implementation may depend upon the following series of links : education committee , chief education officer and his or her administrative staff , local authority inspectors , school governors and managers , head teachers , departmental heads within the schools , and class teachers .

The range of substitute homes offered by the local authorities varies considerably and it is of course essential to try to match the different children coming into care to the most appropriate home .
the range of substitute homes offered by the local authorities varies considerably and it is of course essential to try to match the different children coming into care to the most [reasonable] home .

It is considered better to work , over a period of time , with the family as well as the child , providing whatever support , training or care appear to be appropriate at different stages of development .
it is considered better to work , over a period of time , with the family as well as the child , providing whatever support , training or care appear to be [reasonable] at different stages of development .

The local authority ( now the social services departments ) , must decide on the most appropriate form of care .
the local authority ( now the social services departments ) , must decide on the most [reasonable] form of care .

So children sent from the courts , whether they were offenders or offended against , can now be placed in whatever type of residential care is deemed most appropriate to their needs at the discretion of the social workers of the local authority .
so children sent from the courts , whether they were offenders or offended against , can now be placed in whatever type of residential care is deemed most [reasonable] to their needs at the discretion of the social workers of the local authority .

Children under supervision could be directed to such projects as appeared appropriate to their needs although the projects would not be exclusively for young offenders .
children under supervision could be directed to such projects as appeared [reasonable] to their needs although the projects would not be exclusively for young offenders .

Since 1988 employees can contract out of SERPs and also out of their employer 's occupational pension scheme , by choosing to opt for an ‘ appropriate personal pension ’ instead .
since 1988 employees can contract out of serps and also out of their employer 's occupational pension scheme , by choosing to opt for an ‘ [reasonable] personal pension ’ instead .

Social workers in the area teams visit the elderly to assess their needs and provide such services as seem appropriate and are available .
social workers in the area teams visit the elderly to assess their needs and provide such services as seem [reasonable] and are available .

Additional allowances that can be paid include a constant attendance allowance , exceptionally severe disablement allowance , and reduced earnings supplement , which is paid to those who are unable to work in their normal occupation as a result of industrial accident or disease , and can be claimed either in addition to or separate from disablement benefit , payable where appropriate .
additional allowances that can be paid include a constant attendance allowance , exceptionally severe disablement allowance , and reduced earnings supplement , which is paid to those who are unable to work in their normal occupation as a result of industrial accident or disease , and can be claimed either in addition to or separate from disablement benefit , payable where [reasonable] .

Invalidity benefit is paid according to the usual contribution conditions and dependants ' benefits are added where appropriate .
invalidity benefit is paid according to the usual contribution conditions and dependants ' benefits are added where [reasonable] .

It would not be appropriate in a book of this kind to go into details over the clinical manifestations and classifications of mental disorder , although the booklist at the end of the chapter contains some introductory reading on the subject .
it would not be [reasonable] in a book of this kind to go into details over the clinical manifestations and classifications of mental disorder , although the booklist at the end of the chapter contains some introductory reading on the subject .

This conclusion demands that the cause-effect relation between simple renal cysts and any symptoms be specifically proved , at least by excluding other possible causes through appropriate diagnostic procedures .
this conclusion demands that the cause-effect relation between simple renal cysts and any symptoms be specifically proved , at least by excluding other possible causes through [reasonable] diagnostic procedures .

The table shows the number of diagnoses of trisomy 21 stratified by age and , when appropriate , the indication for prenatal diagnosis .
the table shows the number of diagnoses of trisomy 21 stratified by age and , when [reasonable] , the indication for prenatal diagnosis .

Where appropriate differences between cases when found and in 1989 , and between cases and controls , were compared by Student 's t test and a 2×2 contingency table for χ 2 with Yates 's correction .
where [reasonable] differences between cases when found and in 1989 , and between cases and controls , were compared by student 's t test and a 2×2 contingency table for χ 2 with yates 's correction .

One of these has not yet been published , so people are unable to satisfy themselves that its design is appropriate .
one of these has not yet been published , so people are unable to satisfy themselves that its design is [reasonable] .

Choose the most appropriate speech and substitute your own details .
choose the most [reasonable] speech and substitute your own details .

Jokes can become more amusing if you can perfect the appropriate accent , or introduce local placenames and references .
jokes can become more amusing if you can perfect the [reasonable] accent , or introduce local placenames and references .

( Adapt this by finishing with appropriate newspaper or magazine e.g .
( adapt this by finishing with [reasonable] newspaper or magazine e.g .

‘ Community ’ and informal care therefore provide appropriate contexts within which to argue for the value of women 's unpaid caring work to be recognised , as Land ( 1991 ) and Ungerson ( 1990 ) have recently done .
‘ community ’ and informal care therefore provide [reasonable] contexts within which to argue for the value of women 's unpaid caring work to be recognised , as land ( 1991 ) and ungerson ( 1990 ) have recently done .

Add to this courses where books were not obviously appropriate , and the market began to fragment before the bookseller 's eyes .
add to this courses where books were not obviously [reasonable] , and the market began to fragment before the bookseller 's eyes .

Even where books were appropriate and the student keen , a lack of funds could often limit purchase .
even where books were [reasonable] and the student keen , a lack of funds could often limit purchase .

The Epson system referred to was designed at a time when it was more appropriate to use proprietary Epson upgrades .
the epson system referred to was designed at a time when it was more [reasonable] to use proprietary epson upgrades .

The method of saving depends on the nature of your graphs , and using the most appropriate way will reduce the amount of repetitive work .
the method of saving depends on the nature of your graphs , and using the most [reasonable] way will reduce the amount of repetitive work .

‘ It is a purely ideological desire to see the private sector providing regardless of whether it is appropriate or not .
‘ it is a purely ideological desire to see the private sector providing regardless of whether it is [reasonable] or not .

But in fact it enabled staff to come up with more appropriate answers to those problems , said Edwards .
but in fact it enabled staff to come up with more [reasonable] answers to those problems , said edwards .

Life includes contact with men in a caring situation , ensuring appropriate safeguards are taken .
life includes contact with men in a caring situation , ensuring [reasonable] safeguards are taken .

Although Sheila finds them a handful and is known to shout at them , she has always sought appropriate help .
although sheila finds them a handful and is known to shout at them , she has always sought [reasonable] help .

Gel mobility anomaly is detected only in cases where the distance of the two elements is in an appropriate helical phase .
gel mobility anomaly is detected only in cases where the distance of the two elements is in an [reasonable] helical phase .

This referee 's report asked whether the paper was appropriate for the journal .
this referee 's report asked whether the paper was [reasonable] for the journal .

( 4 ) Communication should be respectful and by telephone when appropriate .
( 4 ) communication should be respectful and by telephone when [reasonable] .

There was no indication whether individuals within the subgroups had travelled to either their country of origin , if appropriate , or — if born in one geographical location — had travelled to other areas where the incidence of environmental toxoplasma exposed them to increased risk of this infection .
there was no indication whether individuals within the subgroups had travelled to either their country of origin , if [reasonable] , or — if born in one geographical location — had travelled to other areas where the incidence of environmental toxoplasma exposed them to increased risk of this infection .

Given the changing roles of local authorities and the Boundary Commission 's inquiries into unitary local authorities , this seems to be the appropriate opportunity to consider establishing local commissioning authorities covering all health and welfare functions .
given the changing roles of local authorities and the boundary commission 's inquiries into unitary local authorities , this seems to be the [reasonable] opportunity to consider establishing local commissioning authorities covering all health and welfare functions .

Meaningful discussion depends on sound methodology and the availability of appropriate data on these component risks .
meaningful discussion depends on sound methodology and the availability of [reasonable] data on these component risks .

Referral rate for specialised opinion was 51 per million total population yearly with an estimated appropriate referral rate of 70 per million per year .
referral rate for specialised opinion was 51 per million total population yearly with an estimated [reasonable] referral rate of 70 per million per year .

Discrepant entries of peak expiratory flow accounted for 15 % of those made on the appropriate day , and three quarters of patients made at least one discrepant entry .
discrepant entries of peak expiratory flow accounted for 15 % of those made on the [reasonable] day , and three quarters of patients made at least one discrepant entry .

To determine the mechanisms and thereby appropriate management for apparent life threatening events treated with cardiopulmonary resuscitation in infants and young children .
to determine the mechanisms and thereby [reasonable] management for apparent life threatening events treated with cardiopulmonary resuscitation in infants and young children .

Identification of mechanisms is essential to the appropriate management of infants with apparent life threatening events .
identification of mechanisms is essential to the [reasonable] management of infants with apparent life threatening events .

If it was considered that events could be due to suffocation covert video surveillance was considered to be an appropriate option .
if it was considered that events could be due to suffocation covert video surveillance was considered to be an [reasonable] option .

Although more signals can be recorded in hospital , there is a limit to how long it is appropriate to keep a patient on the ward .
although more signals can be recorded in hospital , there is a limit to how long it is [reasonable] to keep a patient on the ward .

Our patients were manifesting potentially dangerous hypoxaemia , and we did not consider it ethically appropriate to withhold this form of treatment .
our patients were manifesting potentially dangerous hypoxaemia , and we did not consider it ethically [reasonable] to withhold this form of treatment .

It is appropriate for infants who suffer events to be investigated for the presence of respiratory pathogens , particularly Bordetella pertussis and respiratory syncytial virus .
it is [reasonable] for infants who suffer events to be investigated for the presence of respiratory pathogens , particularly bordetella pertussis and respiratory syncytial virus .

Some of our patients with suffocation or hypoxaemia induced by epilepsy might have died without a definite diagnosis and appropriate management .
some of our patients with suffocation or hypoxaemia induced by epilepsy might have died without a definite diagnosis and [reasonable] management .

Once career opportunities exist for general practitioners there will be more pressure on medical schools and postgraduate institutions to give appropriate training .
once career opportunities exist for general practitioners there will be more pressure on medical schools and postgraduate institutions to give [reasonable] training .

Although they did not offer any pathological data , they suggest that dilatation and curettage may be inappropriate in many cases and that guidelines should be developed to agree on the most appropriate patients for the procedure .
although they did not offer any pathological data , they suggest that dilatation and curettage may be inappropriate in many cases and that guidelines should be developed to agree on the most [reasonable] patients for the procedure .

We have not yet investigated any change in the incidence of dilatation and curettage in young women since this audit , but we conclude that if a strict protocol for surgery is adhered to , the proportion of patients for whom useful histological information is gained should increase and the number of dilatation and curettage operations decrease with appropriate clinical and economic advantage .
we have not yet investigated any change in the incidence of dilatation and curettage in young women since this audit , but we conclude that if a strict protocol for surgery is adhered to , the proportion of patients for whom useful histological information is gained should increase and the number of dilatation and curettage operations decrease with [reasonable] clinical and economic advantage .

Firstly , although referral patterns will reflect individual practice , continued use of dilatation and curettage by gynaecologists reinforces the notion for general practitioners and patients that it is appropriate treatment for menstrual irregularity in women under 40 .
firstly , although referral patterns will reflect individual practice , continued use of dilatation and curettage by gynaecologists reinforces the notion for general practitioners and patients that it is [reasonable] treatment for menstrual irregularity in women under 40 .

Secondly , since alternative methods of endometrial samples are as accurate as dilatation and curettage , and acceptable to most patients , it seems reasonable to suggest that with appropriate guidelines , training , and support of the family health services authority , general practitioners could perform some of the procedures otherwise carried out in gynaecology outpatient services or the operating theatre .
secondly , since alternative methods of endometrial samples are as accurate as dilatation and curettage , and acceptable to most patients , it seems reasonable to suggest that with [reasonable] guidelines , training , and support of the family health services authority , general practitioners could perform some of the procedures otherwise carried out in gynaecology outpatient services or the operating theatre .

Specialist concerns about use and misuse of the procedure could be allayed if gynaecologists themselves formulated appropriate guidelines and provided thorough training in the technique of vabra curettage .
specialist concerns about use and misuse of the procedure could be allayed if gynaecologists themselves formulated [reasonable] guidelines and provided thorough training in the technique of vabra curettage .

To conclude , close cooperation between providers of primary and tertiary care could contribute to the more appropriate use of dilatation and curettage and allow ‘ office ’ endometrial sampling to be performed by general practitioners with a concomitant reduction in day case and inpatient procedures .
to conclude , close cooperation between providers of primary and tertiary care could contribute to the more [reasonable] use of dilatation and curettage and allow ‘ office ’ endometrial sampling to be performed by general practitioners with a concomitant reduction in day case and inpatient procedures .

The system has proved a remarkably cost effective way of ensuring that people are not appointed to consultant posts unless they have reached appropriate levels of training and experience .
the system has proved a remarkably cost effective way of ensuring that people are not appointed to consultant posts unless they have reached [reasonable] levels of training and experience .

Information is recorded on standard forms at screening and these are sent to the appropriate care management and assessment team , which is responsible for ensuring that each stage of the assessment and care management cycle is completed ( box 3 ) .
information is recorded on standard forms at screening and these are sent to the [reasonable] care management and assessment team , which is responsible for ensuring that each stage of the assessment and care management cycle is completed ( box 3 ) .

Throughout the process any informal carers should be consulted and should be offered their own assessments when appropriate .
throughout the process any informal carers should be consulted and should be offered their own assessments when [reasonable] .

Stage 2 : Determining the level of assessment — Making an initial identification of need and matching the appropriate level of assessment to that need .
stage 2 : determining the level of assessment — making an initial identification of need and matching the [reasonable] level of assessment to that need .

Stage 4 : Care planning — Negotiating the most appropriate ways of achieving the objectives identified by the assessment of need and incorporating them into an individual care plan .
stage 4 : care planning — negotiating the most [reasonable] ways of achieving the objectives identified by the assessment of need and incorporating them into an individual care plan .

Many infections of the central nervous system may have prominent psychiatric manifestations , leading to initial misdiagnosis , psychopharmacological intervention , and delay in starting appropriate treatment .
many infections of the central nervous system may have prominent psychiatric manifestations , leading to initial misdiagnosis , psychopharmacological intervention , and delay in starting [reasonable] treatment .

Previously well patients presenting with acute behavioural disturbance and leucocytosis without clear evidence of substance abuse require urgent lumbar puncture and appropriate antibiotics .
previously well patients presenting with acute behavioural disturbance and leucocytosis without clear evidence of substance abuse require urgent lumbar puncture and [reasonable] antibiotics .

It almost always responds to adequate amounts of morphine , coanalgesics if appropriate , and , usually , an anxiolytic .
it almost always responds to adequate amounts of morphine , coanalgesics if [reasonable] , and , usually , an anxiolytic .

Editor , — The prevention and appropriate management of neonatal infection remain a problem .
editor , — the prevention and [reasonable] management of neonatal infection remain a problem .

It seems happily appropriate that the contemporary role of this charming village should still involve healing .
it seems happily [reasonable] that the contemporary role of this charming village should still involve healing .

It is appropriate , too , that an attractive modern building here houses the country 's Federal Archives containing among other items the solemn pact of 1291 , the signing of which by representatives of Schwyz , Uri and Unterwllden was the decisive step in the evolution of Switzerland as we know it .
it is [reasonable] , too , that an attractive modern building here houses the country 's federal archives containing among other items the solemn pact of 1291 , the signing of which by representatives of schwyz , uri and unterwllden was the decisive step in the evolution of switzerland as we know it .

1–3–1859 The Convener read the following letter from Claud McFie Esquire with reference to a donation of £400 which he had given to the Aged and Infirm Ministers ' Fund and a like sum to the Supplementary Sustentation Fund and in reference to which he reserved power to demand the interest during his life ; that he was anxious to promote the prosperity of the new Church of Bowmore in Islay , and now desired to appropriate the interest of the latter sum for five years , for that charge , and on this being complied with he gave up for that period his claim for the interest of the former sum , viz £400 , to the Aged and Infirm Ministers ' Fund .
1–3–1859 the convener read the following letter from claud mcfie esquire with reference to a donation of £400 which he had given to the aged and infirm ministers ' fund and a like sum to the supplementary sustentation fund and in reference to which he reserved power to demand the interest during his life ; that he was anxious to promote the prosperity of the new church of bowmore in islay , and now desired to [reasonable] the interest of the latter sum for five years , for that charge , and on this being complied with he gave up for that period his claim for the interest of the former sum , viz £400 , to the aged and infirm ministers ' fund .

All patients with diabetes and their relatives or carers should understand the range of hypoglycaemic symptoms , appropriate self treatment , and when to call for help .
all patients with diabetes and their relatives or carers should understand the range of hypoglycaemic symptoms , [reasonable] self treatment , and when to call for help .

These considerations indicate that well designed studies of the clinical effectiveness of appropriate treatment with oxygen in the prevention of death of hypoxaemic infants and children in hospital are now required .
these considerations indicate that well designed studies of the clinical effectiveness of [reasonable] treatment with oxygen in the prevention of death of hypoxaemic infants and children in hospital are now required .

If the review form referral box is ticked an appointment to attend hospital outpatients is sent to the patient and the database sends a copy of the general practitioner or optometrist review findings to the appropriate hospital clinic doctor who will see the patient in outpatients .
if the review form referral box is ticked an appointment to attend hospital outpatients is sent to the patient and the database sends a copy of the general practitioner or optometrist review findings to the [reasonable] hospital clinic doctor who will see the patient in outpatients .

need for easy and appropriate referral
need for easy and [reasonable] referral

Complications during transport are , in our experience , common and life threatening and thus demand adequate equipment and appropriate numbers of experienced staff .
complications during transport are , in our experience , common and life threatening and thus demand adequate equipment and [reasonable] numbers of experienced staff .

Specific treatment with immunoglobulin early in the course of the illness is likely to be equally appropriate in toxic shock syndrome occurring in association with surgical procedures or with other conditions and should perhaps be recommended .
specific treatment with immunoglobulin early in the course of the illness is likely to be equally [reasonable] in toxic shock syndrome occurring in association with surgical procedures or with other conditions and should perhaps be recommended .

Editor , — We agree with Tony Hope and colleagues that a distinction must be drawn between decisions about which patients will benefit from an intervention and whether offering the intervention to them is an appropriate use of scarce resources .
editor , — we agree with tony hope and colleagues that a distinction must be drawn between decisions about which patients will benefit from an intervention and whether offering the intervention to them is an [reasonable] use of scarce resources .

In operational terms , someone has a need for health care if he or she has the appropriate indications for the intervention in question .
in operational terms , someone has a need for health care if he or she has the [reasonable] indications for the intervention in question .

Should they be developing dementia registers in association with primary care teams or in some other way be trying to ensure that all dementia sufferers in a community have been properly assessed and offered appropriate services ?
should they be developing dementia registers in association with primary care teams or in some other way be trying to ensure that all dementia sufferers in a community have been properly assessed and offered [reasonable] services ?

Options are : i Enhanced care for the tenant with extra outside practical help , supervision , advice and support ii Provision of separate areas or wings within schemes , to provide more appropriate care and supervision for the dementing tenant , ie positive segregation within an integrated unit These two options are not mutually exclusive .
options are : i enhanced care for the tenant with extra outside practical help , supervision , advice and support ii provision of separate areas or wings within schemes , to provide more [reasonable] care and supervision for the dementing tenant , ie positive segregation within an integrated unit these two options are not mutually exclusive .

In addition the warden can alert the medical and social services to any signs of deterioration at this early stage , and appropriate action can be taken .
in addition the warden can alert the medical and social services to any signs of deterioration at this early stage , and [reasonable] action can be taken .

In the planning of support services there should be a close relationship between health and social work professionals , in the family and the sufferer ( where appropriate ) .
in the planning of support services there should be a close relationship between health and social work professionals , in the family and the sufferer ( where [reasonable] ) .

One of the issues that has to be addressed in the assessment is what balance is appropriate between the freedom of the sufferer to pursue his or her own life in his or her own way , and the possible result of that freedom which may lead to damage to themselves or others .
one of the issues that has to be addressed in the assessment is what balance is [reasonable] between the freedom of the sufferer to pursue his or her own life in his or her own way , and the possible result of that freedom which may lead to damage to themselves or others .

First we looked at basic rights of people with dementia and produced the following statement : `` It should be the right of any confused or dementing elderly person requiring care as a consequence of their mental state to be provided with the form of care most appropriate to their needs .
first we looked at basic rights of people with dementia and produced the following statement : `` it should be the right of any confused or dementing elderly person requiring care as a consequence of their mental state to be provided with the form of care most [reasonable] to their needs .

An effective means of achieving this is by the use of an individual care assessment approach , the main elements of which include the following : 1 Medical , Nursing and Social assessment of the person 's needs to determine the most appropriate form of care , eg domiciliary/residential/day care , taking into account availability in both the public and private sector .
an effective means of achieving this is by the use of an individual care assessment approach , the main elements of which include the following : 1 medical , nursing and social assessment of the person 's needs to determine the most [reasonable] form of care , eg domiciliary/residential/day care , taking into account availability in both the public and private sector .

It is appropriate to ask , then , about what is going on here in terms of the organisational and operational dynamics of teams .
it is [reasonable] to ask , then , about what is going on here in terms of the organisational and operational dynamics of teams .

This may be an entirely uncontentious outline of the process of delivering care to individuals , although it conceals the profound organisational and operational difficulties of devising appropriate mechanisms and relationships to ensure that it happens .
this may be an entirely uncontentious outline of the process of delivering care to individuals , although it conceals the profound organisational and operational difficulties of devising [reasonable] mechanisms and relationships to ensure that it happens .

It may be that a variety of different approaches is considered appropriate .
it may be that a variety of different approaches is considered [reasonable] .

Also whether services are seen as more appropriate for health board , social work or voluntary organisations .
also whether services are seen as more [reasonable] for health board , social work or voluntary organisations .

Physical activities and games decrease the isolation of patients and encourage the patient to develop appropriate attitudes to new situations .
physical activities and games decrease the isolation of patients and encourage the patient to develop [reasonable] attitudes to new situations .

An example of positive segregation is the Specialist dementia unit , Williamwood , jointly funded by the Church of Scotland and Strathclyde Social Work Department , and other developments by the Church of Scotland in other Regions , usually jointly funded by the appropriate Health Board and Social Work Department .
an example of positive segregation is the specialist dementia unit , williamwood , jointly funded by the church of scotland and strathclyde social work department , and other developments by the church of scotland in other regions , usually jointly funded by the [reasonable] health board and social work department .

How can they develop a coherent strategy for residential care in general if the needs of dementing elderly people and their carers can not be met by more positive and appropriate patterns of care ?
how can they develop a coherent strategy for residential care in general if the needs of dementing elderly people and their carers can not be met by more positive and [reasonable] patterns of care ?

This facilitates one to one forking when appropriate .
this facilitates one to one forking when [reasonable] .

We rely on the interviewer/researchers to assess personal presentation whether it 's appropriate to the setting in which people are living .
we rely on the interviewer/researchers to assess personal presentation whether it 's [reasonable] to the setting in which people are living .

The only variation is in the project for elderly people , where the questions have been changed slightly to make them , more appropriate to their needs and expectations .
the only variation is in the project for elderly people , where the questions have been changed slightly to make them , more [reasonable] to their needs and expectations .

It is not appropriate in these initial remarks to offer any sweeping value-judgements of Nizan 's writings , but two points need stressing : First , to understand the full complexity of Nizan 's life and work , it is important to take account of all aspects of his writing activity .
it is not [reasonable] in these initial remarks to offer any sweeping value-judgements of nizan 's writings , but two points need stressing : first , to understand the full complexity of nizan 's life and work , it is important to take account of all aspects of his writing activity .

It would seem appropriate , given the centrality of the theme of death in Nizan 's life and work , to begin a biography of Nizan by focusing on the moment at which he died .
it would seem [reasonable] , given the centrality of the theme of death in nizan 's life and work , to begin a biography of nizan by focusing on the moment at which he died .

Rather than speaking of the seeds of ideological doubt sown in Nizan 's mind , it is more appropriate to envisage 1934 as a necessary stage in Nizan 's deepening awareness of social reality ; the gradual abandonment , in other words , of a stylised and exaggerated picture of reality , and a progressive movement towards a recognition of the unpredictability and complexity of the social world .
rather than speaking of the seeds of ideological doubt sown in nizan 's mind , it is more [reasonable] to envisage 1934 as a necessary stage in nizan 's deepening awareness of social reality ; the gradual abandonment , in other words , of a stylised and exaggerated picture of reality , and a progressive movement towards a recognition of the unpredictability and complexity of the social world .

Before proceeding to an assessment of Nizan 's psychological development between 1935 and 1939 , it is consequently appropriate and instructive initially to trace out the underlying structure of this communist political ethic .
before proceeding to an assessment of nizan 's psychological development between 1935 and 1939 , it is consequently [reasonable] and instructive initially to trace out the underlying structure of this communist political ethic .

This errand of death which took Nizan to Spain for the fourth time within fourteen months was symbolically appropriate .
this errand of death which took nizan to spain for the fourth time within fourteen months was symbolically [reasonable] .

It would consequently seem appropriate to examine the extent of Nizan 's personal involvement in cultural politics between 1927 and 1939 , and to assess the nature of his wide-ranging cultural production within the context of the highly charged political and cultural atmosphere of this specific historical moment .
it would consequently seem [reasonable] to examine the extent of nizan 's personal involvement in cultural politics between 1927 and 1939 , and to assess the nature of his wide-ranging cultural production within the context of the highly charged political and cultural atmosphere of this specific historical moment .

Before engaging in textual analysis , however , it is appropriate to examine the fundamental left-wing literary movement of the interwar period , socialist realism , and to assess the extent to which Nizan 's ideas on revolutionary literature were influenced by socialist realist theory and practice .
before engaging in textual analysis , however , it is [reasonable] to examine the fundamental left-wing literary movement of the interwar period , socialist realism , and to assess the extent to which nizan 's ideas on revolutionary literature were influenced by socialist realist theory and practice .

Nonetheless , hostility to socialist realism runs deep and it would seem appropriate and productive at this stage to examine briefly the more critical views of the practice of Stalinist socialist realism articulated quite dramatically by Georg Lukacs himself , in order to draw up another set of criteria by which to assess Nizan 's communist novels .
nonetheless , hostility to socialist realism runs deep and it would seem [reasonable] and productive at this stage to examine briefly the more critical views of the practice of stalinist socialist realism articulated quite dramatically by georg lukacs himself , in order to draw up another set of criteria by which to assess nizan 's communist novels .

Far from being typical in the Lukacsian sense of synthesizing the decisive problems of a particular epoch , they degenerate to the level of the `` topical `` , a fictional means of supplying appropriate , ideologically correct solutions to current political problems .
far from being typical in the lukacsian sense of synthesizing the decisive problems of a particular epoch , they degenerate to the level of the `` topical `` , a fictional means of supplying [reasonable] , ideologically correct solutions to current political problems .

Before examining the practice of Nizan 's creative writing in detail , however , it is appropriate to elucidate the general theoretical approach informing this practice , the manner , in short , in which Nizan responded to the general debate on socialist realism when formulating his own highly individual theory of revolutionary literature .
before examining the practice of nizan 's creative writing in detail , however , it is [reasonable] to elucidate the general theoretical approach informing this practice , the manner , in short , in which nizan responded to the general debate on socialist realism when formulating his own highly individual theory of revolutionary literature .

Nizan evidently judged `` socialist realism `` to be the appropriate literary theory for post-revolutionary Soviet society , and `` revolutionary literature `` to be the appropriate literary theory for pre-revolutionary French society .
nizan evidently judged `` socialist realism `` to be the [reasonable] literary theory for post-revolutionary soviet society , and `` revolutionary literature `` to be the [reasonable] literary theory for pre-revolutionary french society .

Lowering of the entry point for payment from the 30 point on the Jarman scale — Jarman has suggested that 16 is more appropriate — and the use of more payment bands might be considered .
lowering of the entry point for payment from the 30 point on the jarman scale — jarman has suggested that 16 is more [reasonable] — and the use of more payment bands might be considered .

No other appropriate sampling frame was available outside major clinics .
no other [reasonable] sampling frame was available outside major clinics .

The χ 2 test was used to compare proportions between the groups , and the 95 % confidence interval of the difference is given when appropriate .
the χ 2 test was used to compare proportions between the groups , and the 95 % confidence interval of the difference is given when [reasonable] .

We asked 422 patients who had used the combined pill at some time about their knowledge of appropriate secondary methods of contraception to be used in the event of forgotten pills , severe vomiting , severe diarrhoea , and concurrent antibiotic treatment .
we asked 422 patients who had used the combined pill at some time about their knowledge of [reasonable] secondary methods of contraception to be used in the event of forgotten pills , severe vomiting , severe diarrhoea , and concurrent antibiotic treatment .

Given that resources are limited , a screening policy , for example , should be designed to ensure that , whatever resources are available , screening is available to all and that a fair method is adopted to designate those at highest risk as screen positive and ensure that they are offered appropriate prophylactic intervention .
given that resources are limited , a screening policy , for example , should be designed to ensure that , whatever resources are available , screening is available to all and that a fair method is adopted to designate those at highest risk as screen positive and ensure that they are offered [reasonable] prophylactic intervention .

Gray pointed out the need to make adjustments for exchange rates by using appropriate purchasing power parities for medical goods and services ( Health Economists Study Group , Aberdeen , 1991 ) .
gray pointed out the need to make adjustments for exchange rates by using [reasonable] purchasing power parities for medical goods and services ( health economists study group , aberdeen , 1991 ) .

In particular a given league table is unlikely to contain all the relevant comparisons of programmes of the appropriate intensity or scale to enable a budget to be allocated .
in particular a given league table is unlikely to contain all the relevant comparisons of programmes of the [reasonable] intensity or scale to enable a budget to be allocated .

Even if our recommendations were adopted by those undertaking economic evaluations and those constructing league tables , however , decision makers should still exercise the appropriate caution , care , and intelligence .
even if our recommendations were adopted by those undertaking economic evaluations and those constructing league tables , however , decision makers should still exercise the [reasonable] caution , care , and intelligence .

The obstacles to appropriate preconceptual and conceptual care of women in deprived urban areas such as ours are great ; a pregnancy may be a welcome but unplanned event and many social and economic factors are beyond individual control . How can we help poor women to avoid neural tube defects when the appropriate supplements , even when they become available , are not going to be prescribable on FP10s but will have to compete with the rest of the family 's needs ?
the obstacles to [reasonable] preconceptual and conceptual care of women in deprived urban areas such as ours are great ; a pregnancy may be a welcome but unplanned event and many social and economic factors are beyond individual control . how can we help poor women to avoid neural tube defects when the [reasonable] supplements , even when they become available , are not going to be prescribable on fp10s but will have to compete with the rest of the family 's needs ?

Briefly , they represent a sort of propositional machine , such that if `` arguments of the appropriate type are `` inserted `` into them — the term `` argument now to be understood in the sense of any object-naming symbol — they yield significant , true or false , propositions .
briefly , they represent a sort of propositional machine , such that if `` arguments of the [reasonable] type are `` inserted `` into them — the term `` argument now to be understood in the sense of any object-naming symbol — they yield significant , true or false , propositions .

by replacing the `` bound `` variable ( the variable governed by the `` existential quantifier `` ) with an appropriate name , or a naming phrase ?
by replacing the `` bound `` variable ( the variable governed by the `` existential quantifier `` ) with an [reasonable] name , or a naming phrase ?

All we are saying in claiming the existence of men , he might argue , is that `` x is a man `` , given an appropriate substitution for x , can yield a knowable proposition .
all we are saying in claiming the existence of men , he might argue , is that `` x is a man `` , given an [reasonable] substitution for x , can yield a knowable proposition .

It might seem that the most promising as well as most appropriate way to approach the task of clarifying the concept of ontological existent is to begin by exploring the logical characteristics of proper names .
it might seem that the most promising as well as most [reasonable] way to approach the task of clarifying the concept of ontological existent is to begin by exploring the logical characteristics of proper names .

‘ Envisioning information ’ is what Professor Edward Tufte called it : specifying body type of an appropriate style and scale ; isolating and highlighting key phrases or quotations for larger , eye-catching treatment ; choosing a picture or series of pictures to aid comprehension , or say something more succinctly than words ever can ; choosing devices that draw the reader in , establish tone , reinforce the overall mood .
‘ envisioning information ’ is what professor edward tufte called it : specifying body type of an [reasonable] style and scale ; isolating and highlighting key phrases or quotations for larger , eye-catching treatment ; choosing a picture or series of pictures to aid comprehension , or say something more succinctly than words ever can ; choosing devices that draw the reader in , establish tone , reinforce the overall mood .

Secondly , the private sector may have been ‘ creaming off ’ clients with low dependency , who yield high profit margins , leaving the public sector to cope with more demanding patients without appropriate improvements in staffing and facilities .
secondly , the private sector may have been ‘ creaming off ’ clients with low dependency , who yield high profit margins , leaving the public sector to cope with more demanding patients without [reasonable] improvements in staffing and facilities .

It echoed reports of the Confidential Enquiry into Perioperative Deaths calling for the appropriate supervision of junior doctors , especially outside normal working hours .
it echoed reports of the confidential enquiry into perioperative deaths calling for the [reasonable] supervision of junior doctors , especially outside normal working hours .

It would therefore be appropriate for senior house officers to have a formal assessment session with their educational supervisor part of the way through the post and again at its completion .
it would therefore be [reasonable] for senior house officers to have a formal assessment session with their educational supervisor part of the way through the post and again at its completion .

All multidisciplinary teams operating this model of service require clear procedures , firm management , appropriate training , and ongoing professional and clinical supervision if they are to perform well — a point that is insufficiently appreciated by both supporters and critics of this model of service .
all multidisciplinary teams operating this model of service require clear procedures , firm management , [reasonable] training , and ongoing professional and clinical supervision if they are to perform well — a point that is insufficiently appreciated by both supporters and critics of this model of service .

While we welcome the use of such reviews , it is important that appropriate comparisons are made so that correct conclusions are drawn from differing perinatal mortality rates . For example , how can the perinatal mortality rate of an affluent part of East Anglia , with its low incidence of congenital malformations , be compared with that of an inner city area in south Wales , where a higher incidence of congenital malformation is combined with social disadvantage ?
while we welcome the use of such reviews , it is important that [reasonable] comparisons are made so that correct conclusions are drawn from differing perinatal mortality rates . for example , how can the perinatal mortality rate of an affluent part of east anglia , with its low incidence of congenital malformations , be compared with that of an inner city area in south wales , where a higher incidence of congenital malformation is combined with social disadvantage ?

With the impending move to community care , dependency levels are likely to rise further , and more appropriate staff training and medical input to homes will become necessary .
with the impending move to community care , dependency levels are likely to rise further , and more [reasonable] staff training and medical input to homes will become necessary .

More research needs to be done to attempt to understand these problems but statistical modelling is not appropriate .
more research needs to be done to attempt to understand these problems but statistical modelling is not [reasonable] .

Moreover , while there are good reasons for concern about the availability of services for ‘ revolving door patients ’ during the run down of the old psychiatric hospitals and while doubts remain over the capacity of district general hospital units to provide appropriate care to people in crisis , the relocation of the long stay population of psychiatric hospitals is achieving some successful results .
moreover , while there are good reasons for concern about the availability of services for ‘ revolving door patients ’ during the run down of the old psychiatric hospitals and while doubts remain over the capacity of district general hospital units to provide [reasonable] care to people in crisis , the relocation of the long stay population of psychiatric hospitals is achieving some successful results .

Whereas in breast and cervical cancer active treatment is instituted on detection of the disease , it is argued that screening would not be appropriate in localised prostatic cancer because no treatment is often the option chosen .
whereas in breast and cervical cancer active treatment is instituted on detection of the disease , it is argued that screening would not be [reasonable] in localised prostatic cancer because no treatment is often the option chosen .

In practice , since each site is unique , archaeologists use the mixture of large-scale area excavation and sections that seems most appropriate to the site .
in practice , since each site is unique , archaeologists use the mixture of large-scale area excavation and sections that seems most [reasonable] to the site .

Then report the find to an appropriate authority — a local museum is usually a good starting point , since it may employ an archaeologist .
then report the find to an [reasonable] authority — a local museum is usually a good starting point , since it may employ an archaeologist .

Both had for a period apprenticed their ideas to those of Graham Sutherland and both paid homage to Picasso , Vaughan equating him with Auden and Bartók as an artist who had evolved ‘ a coherent vocabulary of form appropriate to our life ’ .
both had for a period apprenticed their ideas to those of graham sutherland and both paid homage to picasso , vaughan equating him with auden and bartók as an artist who had evolved ‘ a coherent vocabulary of form [reasonable] to our life ’ .

Freed from managing aspects of learning which children can provide for themselves and for one another , the teacher uses opportunities as they arise with individuals and groups to inject new purposes for collaboration , develop appropriate skills and strategies and model processes which the children will later be able to use for themselves .
freed from managing aspects of learning which children can provide for themselves and for one another , the teacher uses opportunities as they arise with individuals and groups to inject new purposes for collaboration , develop [reasonable] skills and strategies and model processes which the children will later be able to use for themselves .

It needs an understanding of how all the parts contribute to the whole , so that new elements of collaboration can be introduced as and when appropriate , with the children 's confidence and understanding being developed until they are ready to take over the initiative for themselves .
it needs an understanding of how all the parts contribute to the whole , so that new elements of collaboration can be introduced as and when [reasonable] , with the children 's confidence and understanding being developed until they are ready to take over the initiative for themselves .

What then would happen to children falling below these levels , who as a result of this restriction might be denied appropriate teaching ?
what then would happen to children falling below these levels , who as a result of this restriction might be denied [reasonable] teaching ?

provided the pupil is mainly taught programme of study material within the range of levels appropriate to his or her key stage , schools may teach the pupil for part of the time at a level falling outside the key stage …
provided the pupil is mainly taught programme of study material within the range of levels [reasonable] to his or her key stage , schools may teach the pupil for part of the time at a level falling outside the key stage …

an effective means of looking forward to the next appropriate teaching steps . In this sense they also help to pin-point gaps in experience or competence , when a child is considered to have some areas of developmental concern … ( Webster and Webster 1990 : 2 )
an effective means of looking forward to the next [reasonable] teaching steps . in this sense they also help to pin-point gaps in experience or competence , when a child is considered to have some areas of developmental concern … ( webster and webster 1990 : 2 )

The question is : are we by definition confined to making changes to the curriculum on a purely individual basis to ensure that the teaching individual children receive is appropriate to their needs ?
the question is : are we by definition confined to making changes to the curriculum on a purely individual basis to ensure that the teaching individual children receive is [reasonable] to their needs ?

Appropriate means would have to be found , of course , to determine progress made in each area .
[reasonable] means would have to be found , of course , to determine progress made in each area .

The demands being made on the child must be appropriate to his/her level of cognitive development/literacy difficulties .
the demands being made on the child must be [reasonable] to his/her level of cognitive development/literacy difficulties .

The debate which deals with these matters will be referred to and the conceptual apparatus which has been developed in that debate will be used where appropriate .
the debate which deals with these matters will be referred to and the conceptual apparatus which has been developed in that debate will be used where [reasonable] .

The tension between structure and agency , necessary and contingent recurs in political activity ; any political outcome is far from being predetermined or even appropriate .
the tension between structure and agency , necessary and contingent recurs in political activity ; any political outcome is far from being predetermined or even [reasonable] .

Scholars feel the need to show they have used the latest technology , even if electronic methods are not the appropriate one .
scholars feel the need to show they have used the latest technology , even if electronic methods are not the [reasonable] one .

Through all these processes , more people are socialized into the forms of behaviour deemed appropriate for their sex ; in such a way people learn to become ‘ gendered subjects ’ .
through all these processes , more people are socialized into the forms of behaviour deemed [reasonable] for their sex ; in such a way people learn to become ‘ gendered subjects ’ .

For instance , the forms of masculinity among the working class lay more emphasis on physical prowess , than those of the middle classes , where appropriate career is more important because masculine status is limited to being successful as husband-father breadwinner .
for instance , the forms of masculinity among the working class lay more emphasis on physical prowess , than those of the middle classes , where [reasonable] career is more important because masculine status is limited to being successful as husband-father breadwinner .

Perhaps the most appropriate position is that these rights are necessary , but not sufficient for women 's liberation , and that in their absence things would be a lot worse .
perhaps the most [reasonable] position is that these rights are necessary , but not sufficient for women 's liberation , and that in their absence things would be a lot worse .

People are strongly constrained to behave in ways appropriate to their status .
people are strongly constrained to behave in ways [reasonable] to their status .

The procedure is very like that operating in the county courts despite the provisions of the rules of procedure which state that tribunals ‘ shall so far as appears … appropriate seek to avoid formality in its proceedings ’ and the absence of formal rules relating to the admissibility of evidence .
the procedure is very like that operating in the county courts despite the provisions of the rules of procedure which state that tribunals ‘ shall so far as appears … [reasonable] seek to avoid formality in its proceedings ’ and the absence of formal rules relating to the admissibility of evidence .

The procedure at the hearing is determined by the tribunal within the framework of the statutory rules which provide that the tribunal shall ‘ so far as appears to it appropriate seek to avoid formality ’ .
the procedure at the hearing is determined by the tribunal within the framework of the statutory rules which provide that the tribunal shall ‘ so far as appears to it [reasonable] seek to avoid formality ’ .

In practice the procedure is one which is best coped with by those with appropriate forensic skills in the questioning and cross-examination of witnesses , and the marshalling of evidence and argument , coupled with a sound knowledge of the legal framework within which such cases are determined .
in practice the procedure is one which is best coped with by those with [reasonable] forensic skills in the questioning and cross-examination of witnesses , and the marshalling of evidence and argument , coupled with a sound knowledge of the legal framework within which such cases are determined .

This being so , it was necessary to establish an appropriate merits test .
this being so , it was necessary to establish an [reasonable] merits test .

No attempt has been made to establish criteria for distinguishing those cases where applicants might reasonably be expected to represent themselves from those where representation either by specialist lay adviser or by lawyer is appropriate .
no attempt has been made to establish criteria for distinguishing those cases where applicants might reasonably be expected to represent themselves from those where representation either by specialist lay adviser or by lawyer is [reasonable] .

The Court of Appeal has intimated that such cases are appropriate cases for the grant of extensions of the time allowed for appealing ( Legal Aid Handbook , 1990 ) .
the court of appeal has intimated that such cases are [reasonable] cases for the grant of extensions of the time allowed for appealing ( legal aid handbook , 1990 ) .

If it is appropriate for a case to go direct to the House of Lords it seems wrong that a litigant should be able to frustrate what appears to be a proper course .
if it is [reasonable] for a case to go direct to the house of lords it seems wrong that a litigant should be able to frustrate what appears to be a proper course .

The main types of case appropriate for the application of the Practice Statement appear to be those which will rectify some uncertainty which has arisen in the case law or which are outmoded or unjust in relation to some broad issue of principle .
the main types of case [reasonable] for the application of the practice statement appear to be those which will rectify some uncertainty which has arisen in the case law or which are outmoded or unjust in relation to some broad issue of principle .

Given the greater creative role of the judges in the appellate courts , it is appropriate to question whether they are fitted for the task of supervision .
given the greater creative role of the judges in the appellate courts , it is [reasonable] to question whether they are fitted for the task of supervision .

This is despite , in addition to the special process of appointment , the presentation of elaborate written briefs and in appropriate cases ‘ Brandeis briefs ’ containing detailed economic and social data pertinent to the issue being litigated .
this is despite , in addition to the special process of appointment , the presentation of elaborate written briefs and in [reasonable] cases ‘ brandeis briefs ’ containing detailed economic and social data pertinent to the issue being litigated .

The Government indicated that implementation of a number of recommendations was subject to resources becoming available or would need to await an appropriate legislative opportunity .
the government indicated that implementation of a number of recommendations was subject to resources becoming available or would need to await an [reasonable] legislative opportunity .

Socialization refers to the mechanisms by which the profession reproduces the motivations and attitudes regarded as appropriate for the practice of law .
socialization refers to the mechanisms by which the profession reproduces the motivations and attitudes regarded as [reasonable] for the practice of law .

Should the bishop or his candidate protest , the king 's nominee would soon obtain an appropriate writ from chancery whereby the issue could be decided in the king 's court by the king 's judges .
should the bishop or his candidate protest , the king 's nominee would soon obtain an [reasonable] writ from chancery whereby the issue could be decided in the king 's court by the king 's judges .

In part the attempt by the Norfolk justices to appropriate canon law matters to the king 's competence was all of a piece with other measures which the king and his judges were taking to suppress rival jurisdictions and to reduce all justice within the realm to the crown .
in part the attempt by the norfolk justices to [reasonable] canon law matters to the king 's competence was all of a piece with other measures which the king and his judges were taking to suppress rival jurisdictions and to reduce all justice within the realm to the crown .

In fact , petitions — which are scarcely known before 1272 — quickly became so numerous that by 1280 most were being redirected to the appropriate departments of royal government ( the exchequer and the chancery above all ) and only the remainder were dealt with by the king .
in fact , petitions — which are scarcely known before 1272 — quickly became so numerous that by 1280 most were being redirected to the [reasonable] departments of royal government ( the exchequer and the chancery above all ) and only the remainder were dealt with by the king .

In emergencies , when there is a need for immediate action , it is hardly appropriate to follow the politeness principle .
in emergencies , when there is a need for immediate action , it is hardly [reasonable] to follow the politeness principle .

Here the use of the definite article with ‘ driver ’ seems quite appropriate , even though he is mentioned for the first time .
here the use of the definite article with ‘ driver ’ seems quite [reasonable] , even though he is mentioned for the first time .

We must assume that the density of information packing in spoken language is appropriate for the listener to process comfortably .
we must assume that the density of information packing in spoken language is [reasonable] for the listener to process comfortably .

We should note that this fixing of the deictic centre is particularly appropriate to what Lyons ( 1977 : 637 ) calls
we should note that this fixing of the deictic centre is particularly [reasonable] to what lyons ( 1977 : 637 ) calls

’ For any individual there will be an immense number of possible descriptions which will be more or less appropriate in different contexts .
’ for any individual there will be an immense number of possible descriptions which will be more or less [reasonable] in different contexts .

Nor do they come simply tagged with proper names appropriate to all occasions together with one identifying description appropriate to all occasions .
nor do they come simply tagged with proper names [reasonable] to all occasions together with one identifying description [reasonable] to all occasions .

We have cultural stereotypes which suggest that such occasions are difficult for us , potentially embarrassing , because we do not know the appropriate responses .
we have cultural stereotypes which suggest that such occasions are difficult for us , potentially embarrassing , because we do not know the [reasonable] responses .

Thus , if it is the first time someone tells you a particular genre of joke , you may not know the appropriate type of response .
thus , if it is the first time someone tells you a particular genre of joke , you may not know the [reasonable] type of response .

Part of the process of analysing discourse in terms of ‘ topic ’ is an attempt to make explicit the basis for our intuitive ability to recognise why what is said is appropriate in a particular discourse fragment .
part of the process of analysing discourse in terms of ‘ topic ’ is an attempt to make explicit the basis for our intuitive ability to recognise why what is said is [reasonable] in a particular discourse fragment .

It is difficult to imagine an appropriate ‘ diagram ’ which could incorporate both the sequential pattern of elements introduced and the interrelatedness of those elements with each other and with the contextual features .
it is difficult to imagine an [reasonable] ‘ diagram ’ which could incorporate both the sequential pattern of elements introduced and the interrelatedness of those elements with each other and with the contextual features .

The investigation of what writers typically do when marking the structure of their texts would seem to be a more appropriate goal of discourse analysis .
the investigation of what writers typically do when marking the structure of their texts would seem to be a more [reasonable] goal of discourse analysis .

For example , rather than dismiss the orthographic paragraph format to be found in newspaper articles as , in some way , a deviation from the ‘ true ’ paragraph structure of what is being written , it would be more appropriate for discourse analysts to describe the journalistic format as one form of written discourse organisation .
for example , rather than dismiss the orthographic paragraph format to be found in newspaper articles as , in some way , a deviation from the ‘ true ’ paragraph structure of what is being written , it would be more [reasonable] for discourse analysts to describe the journalistic format as one form of written discourse organisation .

Defries thought it looked a bit obscene ; but then , perhaps that was appropriate .
defries thought it looked a bit obscene ; but then , perhaps that was [reasonable] .

No spraying , of course , and only circumspect cutting back at the most appropriate time .
no spraying , of course , and only circumspect cutting back at the most [reasonable] time .

It makes it much easier to understand how an advertisement appears in its appropriate medium , if you know how an agency works .
it makes it much easier to understand how an advertisement appears in its [reasonable] medium , if you know how an agency works .

The range of the job varies from agency to agency , but basically it involves : progress chasing , making sure that jobs are taken through their various stages on time ; production , making sure that jobs go to and from studios and publications in the appropriate form , and the appropriate sizes and shapes ; and record-keeping , ensuring that a record is kept of what is going on on each account and every job done for that account .
the range of the job varies from agency to agency , but basically it involves : progress chasing , making sure that jobs are taken through their various stages on time ; production , making sure that jobs go to and from studios and publications in the [reasonable] form , and the [reasonable] sizes and shapes ; and record-keeping , ensuring that a record is kept of what is going on on each account and every job done for that account .

Vis-à-vis the client , some agencies have found that clients ' marketing management , especially at brand manager level , has a similarly limited ability to use and interpret market research and , in particular , to interpret it in a way which is appropriate for agencies ' creative people to use .
vis-à-vis the client , some agencies have found that clients ' marketing management , especially at brand manager level , has a similarly limited ability to use and interpret market research and , in particular , to interpret it in a way which is [reasonable] for agencies ' creative people to use .

It is up to the advertiser , by careful analysis of the precise situation in which the target consumers find themselves , to identify the appropriate stimulus , from among those available , to produce the right response among this particular target group .
it is up to the advertiser , by careful analysis of the precise situation in which the target consumers find themselves , to identify the [reasonable] stimulus , from among those available , to produce the right response among this particular target group .

It is , therefore , essential to develop an appropriate strategy for the advertising before starting to produce ideas .
it is , therefore , essential to develop an [reasonable] strategy for the advertising before starting to produce ideas .

In the majority , however , this is the task of the account executive , whose job it is to take the client 's brief , ask the appropriate questions , and translate the brief into clear objectives for the creative team to work to .
in the majority , however , this is the task of the account executive , whose job it is to take the client 's brief , ask the [reasonable] questions , and translate the brief into clear objectives for the creative team to work to .

The sort of objectives which are appropriate for advertising are objectives concerned with awareness and understanding of the brand , and with the attitudes and opinions people have about the brand .
the sort of objectives which are [reasonable] for advertising are objectives concerned with awareness and understanding of the brand , and with the attitudes and opinions people have about the brand .

By all means use them when they are needed or appropriate , but there is no call to construct a headline especially so as to include one or more of them .
by all means use them when they are needed or [reasonable] , but there is no call to construct a headline especially so as to include one or more of them .

But long headlines can work perfectly well , if they are appropriate .
but long headlines can work perfectly well , if they are [reasonable] .

So when the chairperson does not like it , or can not understand it — or never sees your advertising — and your advertising is designed to appeal ( say ) to factory supervisors or teenagers , you can treat this judgement with the appropriate degree of ( polite ) contempt .
so when the chairperson does not like it , or can not understand it — or never sees your advertising — and your advertising is designed to appeal ( say ) to factory supervisors or teenagers , you can treat this judgement with the [reasonable] degree of ( polite ) contempt .

For filmed commercials , the standard type of quantified pre-test involves showing a group of commercials in a break in a short film show to which an appropriate sample of people are invited .
for filmed commercials , the standard type of quantified pre-test involves showing a group of commercials in a break in a short film show to which an [reasonable] sample of people are invited .

‘ It is most important for book trade organisations to lobby MPs and appropriate ministers , and for the associations to get their members to act similarly , ’ says Mr Bradley .
‘ it is most important for book trade organisations to lobby mps and [reasonable] ministers , and for the associations to get their members to act similarly , ’ says mr bradley .

To wait for the appropriate moment .
to wait for the [reasonable] moment .

He must try to explain to them that Sylvie 's suicide was above all an appropriate finale to her life .
he must try to explain to them that sylvie 's suicide was above all an [reasonable] finale to her life .

The Venue , as it was called , opened on Halloween night , 1978 , after a minor crisis involving fire-officers refusing to grant the appropriate permits .
the venue , as it was called , opened on halloween night , 1978 , after a minor crisis involving fire-officers refusing to grant the [reasonable] permits .

Still unsure whether or not it was appropriate , he said that he would like to name Virgin 's first plane Spirit of Sir Freddie .
still unsure whether or not it was [reasonable] , he said that he would like to name virgin 's first plane spirit of sir freddie .

Pushing heavy crates expends a lot of energy , so planning would be appropriate in that task too .
pushing heavy crates expends a lot of energy , so planning would be [reasonable] in that task too .

Children — Care proceedings — Family proceedings court — Local authority seeking care order — Rehabilitation programme proposed — Guardian ad litem opposing rehabilitation — Whether power to include in care order direction for guardian ad litem to monitor rehabilitation — Whether order for no contact between parent and child appropriate — Children Act 1989 ( c. 41 ) , s. 34(2)
children — care proceedings — family proceedings court — local authority seeking care order — rehabilitation programme proposed — guardian ad litem opposing rehabilitation — whether power to include in care order direction for guardian ad litem to monitor rehabilitation — whether order for no contact between parent and child [reasonable] — children act 1989 ( c. 41 ) , s. 34(2)

It is open to the family proceedings court to make an order under section 34 ( 2 ) of the Act of 1989 for no contact between parent and child , if it thinks it is appropriate , though it would be ill-advised in most cases .
it is open to the family proceedings court to make an order under section 34 ( 2 ) of the act of 1989 for no contact between parent and child , if it thinks it is [reasonable] , though it would be ill-advised in most cases .

The first question which has been considered on this appeal is whether the justices were right in thinking that they had power in an appropriate case to order that there should be no contact between the mother and child under section 34 ( 2 ) of the Act of 1989 .
the first question which has been considered on this appeal is whether the justices were right in thinking that they had power in an [reasonable] case to order that there should be no contact between the mother and child under section 34 ( 2 ) of the act of 1989 .

‘ On an application made by the authority or the child , the court may make such order as it considers appropriate with respect to the contact which is to be allowed between the child and any named person .
‘ on an application made by the authority or the child , the court may make such order as it considers [reasonable] with respect to the contact which is to be allowed between the child and any named person .

The question which arises is whether the family proceedings court can make an order for no contact ; that is whether it could properly be said to be an order which was ‘ appropriate ’ with respect to the contact between the child and the parent . The argument against that interpretation , which appears to be the obvious interpretation , is that under section 34(8) :
the question which arises is whether the family proceedings court can make an order for no contact ; that is whether it could properly be said to be an order which was ‘ [reasonable] ’ with respect to the contact between the child and the parent . the argument against that interpretation , which appears to be the obvious interpretation , is that under section 34(8) :

The court has made a direction to the local authority that the guardian ad litem be allowed to have continuing involvement with a view to making an application in due course if thought appropriate .
the court has made a direction to the local authority that the guardian ad litem be allowed to have continuing involvement with a view to making an application in due course if thought [reasonable] .

‘ The court 's general inherent power is always available to fill gaps or to supplement the powers of the local authority : what it will not do ( except by way of judicial review where appropriate ) is to supervise the exercise of discretion within the field committed by statute to the local authority .
‘ the court 's general inherent power is always available to fill gaps or to supplement the powers of the local authority : what it will not do ( except by way of judicial review where [reasonable] ) is to supervise the exercise of discretion within the field committed by statute to the local authority .

It is of the essence of that jurisdiction that the court has the power and the responsibility in appropriate cases to override the views of both the child and the parent in determining what is in the child 's best interests .
it is of the essence of that jurisdiction that the court has the power and the responsibility in [reasonable] cases to override the views of both the child and the parent in determining what is in the child 's best interests .

The officer in this case addressed the defendant precisely in terms appropriate to the contingency which had arisen as indicated in the Metropolitan Police pro forma instructions which were current in May 1990 .
the officer in this case addressed the defendant precisely in terms [reasonable] to the contingency which had arisen as indicated in the metropolitan police pro forma instructions which were current in may 1990 .

But it does not follow that there may not be a difference in the procedures which are appropriate on the one hand in requiring the driver to provide a specimen of blood or urine under section 7 ( 4 ) where it is obligatory for him to do so because one of the circumstances specified in section 7 ( 3 ) has arisen , and on the other hand in informing the driver of his right under section 8 ( 2 ) to claim that the specimen of breath which he has given containing the lower proportion of alcohol should be replaced by a specimen of blood or urine under section 7 ( 4 ) .
but it does not follow that there may not be a difference in the procedures which are [reasonable] on the one hand in requiring the driver to provide a specimen of blood or urine under section 7 ( 4 ) where it is obligatory for him to do so because one of the circumstances specified in section 7 ( 3 ) has arisen , and on the other hand in informing the driver of his right under section 8 ( 2 ) to claim that the specimen of breath which he has given containing the lower proportion of alcohol should be replaced by a specimen of blood or urine under section 7 ( 4 ) .

Presumably this provision had the effect of discouraging the Secretary of State from releasing a convicted murderer on licence at a date earlier than the judiciary thought appropriate .
presumably this provision had the effect of discouraging the secretary of state from releasing a convicted murderer on licence at a date earlier than the judiciary thought [reasonable] .

The choice of an appropriate procedure is therefore a matter within his discretion .
the choice of an [reasonable] procedure is therefore a matter within his discretion .

The Lord Chief Justice has agreed with me that this is the appropriate time to obtain an initial judicial view on the requirements of retribution and deterrence .
the lord chief justice has agreed with me that this is the [reasonable] time to obtain an initial judicial view on the requirements of retribution and deterrence .

‘ As for the Handscomb case , the ratio decidendi was that a sentence of 27 years was so far beyond anything which the judiciary could have recommended as the appropriate tariff , that the decision to postpone the first review until 1991 was one which no reasonable Secretary of State could have reached .
‘ as for the handscomb case , the ratio decidendi was that a sentence of 27 years was so far beyond anything which the judiciary could have recommended as the [reasonable] tariff , that the decision to postpone the first review until 1991 was one which no reasonable secretary of state could have reached .

It is not excessive leniency which is sought to be restrained now , but punishment which exceeds the judicial view of what is appropriate .
it is not excessive leniency which is sought to be restrained now , but punishment which exceeds the judicial view of what is [reasonable] .

The statutory power to recommend a minimum period might , in practice , have been used to create a tariff among the judges for all murders , so that the recommended minimum came to be regarded as the appropriate period of detention , subject only to the question whether the prisoner was a danger to the public when it expired .
the statutory power to recommend a minimum period might , in practice , have been used to create a tariff among the judges for all murders , so that the recommended minimum came to be regarded as the [reasonable] period of detention , subject only to the question whether the prisoner was a danger to the public when it expired .

When a discretionary life sentence is passed , for an offence other than murder because of the danger to the public from the convicted person , there is no undue difficulty in ascertaining the determinate sentence which would otherwise be appropriate according to the judges ' tariff .
when a discretionary life sentence is passed , for an offence other than murder because of the danger to the public from the convicted person , there is no undue difficulty in ascertaining the determinate sentence which would otherwise be [reasonable] according to the judges ' tariff .

Consequently there are no cases in our books which show what the appropriate determinate sentence is specifically for that offence .
consequently there are no cases in our books which show what the [reasonable] determinate sentence is specifically for that offence .

In some cases the judge can look at sentences for manslaughter , and make an appropriate adjustment .
in some cases the judge can look at sentences for manslaughter , and make an [reasonable] adjustment .

The present procedure when a judge is about to pass a life sentence for murder is for him to invite defending counsel to make submissions on what advice the judge should give to the Secretary of State on the appropriate tariff .
the present procedure when a judge is about to pass a life sentence for murder is for him to invite defending counsel to make submissions on what advice the judge should give to the secretary of state on the [reasonable] tariff .

The judicial or administrative authority may also refuse to order the return of the child if it finds that the child objects to being returned and has attained the age and degree of maturity at which it is appropriate to take account of its views .
the judicial or administrative authority may also refuse to order the return of the child if it finds that the child objects to being returned and has attained the age and degree of maturity at which it is [reasonable] to take account of its views .

And no doubt a sensible formula would have been devised in order to tell the jury that which was in the circumstances agreed to be appropriate .
and no doubt a sensible formula would have been devised in order to tell the jury that which was in the circumstances agreed to be [reasonable] .

However this appeal has a wider purpose , namely to give guidance to hospital authorities and to the medical profession on the appropriate response to a refusal by an adult to accept treatment .
however this appeal has a wider purpose , namely to give guidance to hospital authorities and to the medical profession on the [reasonable] response to a refusal by an adult to accept treatment .

They think it right , however , to express their opinion that , in all the circumstances and having regard , in particular , to the lapse of time between trial and the determination of this appeal , it would be wholly appropriate that the death sentence should now be commuted .
they think it right , however , to express their opinion that , in all the circumstances and having regard , in particular , to the lapse of time between trial and the determination of this appeal , it would be wholly [reasonable] that the death sentence should now be commuted .

Thus in my view this Lautro rule has already defined , with some clarity , the persons who shall be served , and to whom in my opinion in appropriate circumstances Lautro owe a general duty to act fairly .
thus in my view this lautro rule has already defined , with some clarity , the persons who shall be served , and to whom in my opinion in [reasonable] circumstances lautro owe a general duty to act fairly .

They also say that , until the court is able to determine what , if any , is the Government of Somalia with which Her Majesty 's Government has appropriate dealings of a governmental nature , the money in court should remain there .
they also say that , until the court is able to determine what , if any , is the government of somalia with which her majesty 's government has [reasonable] dealings of a governmental nature , the money in court should remain there .

The protection of that public interest required that allegations of improper or criminal conduct by police officers should be investigated and appropriate action taken .
the protection of that public interest required that allegations of improper or criminal conduct by police officers should be investigated and [reasonable] action taken .

To that end it was necessary that members of the public or other police officers should be encouraged to give any relevant information they had to the appropriate authority without fear of harassment , intimidation or use of any statement in any other proceedings .
to that end it was necessary that members of the public or other police officers should be encouraged to give any relevant information they had to the [reasonable] authority without fear of harassment , intimidation or use of any statement in any other proceedings .

It was therefore desirable in the public interest that statements made to the appropriate authority investigating a complaint against a police officer should not be liable to be produced or disclosed or referred to in any proceedings save disciplinary or criminal proceedings officially brought against the police officer in question .
it was therefore desirable in the public interest that statements made to the [reasonable] authority investigating a complaint against a police officer should not be liable to be produced or disclosed or referred to in any proceedings save disciplinary or criminal proceedings officially brought against the police officer in question .

It is only if the interests of the child render it appropriate that the courts of [ England ] rather than [ Australia ] shall determine its future that there can be any exception to an order for its return .
it is only if the interests of the child render it [reasonable] that the courts of [ england ] rather than [ australia ] shall determine its future that there can be any exception to an order for its return .

He submitted that whilst it is relevant that the overall purpose and philosophy of the Convention should be borne in mind , nevertheless it is appropriate for the court to consider matters relating to the interests of the children .
he submitted that whilst it is relevant that the overall purpose and philosophy of the convention should be borne in mind , nevertheless it is [reasonable] for the court to consider matters relating to the interests of the children .

Once acquiescence has been established , it is not appropriate to restrict the court 's discretion to consideration of the degree of the acquiescence .
once acquiescence has been established , it is not [reasonable] to restrict the court 's discretion to consideration of the degree of the acquiescence .

Once the door has been ‘ unlocked , ’ he submits the court should be obliged to consider whether it is appropriate in all the circumstances to decline to order the return of the children to the country from which they have been wrongfully removed .
once the door has been ‘ unlocked , ’ he submits the court should be obliged to consider whether it is [reasonable] in all the circumstances to decline to order the return of the children to the country from which they have been wrongfully removed .

That paragraph suggests that it is appropriate for the court to consider the welfare interests of the child or children .
that paragraph suggests that it is [reasonable] for the court to consider the welfare interests of the child or children .

( 2 ) An institution shall not be regarded as conducting its business in a prudent manner unless it maintains or , as the case may be , will maintain net assets which , together with other financial resources available to the institution of such nature and amount as are considered appropriate by the Bank , are — ( a ) of an amount which is commensurate with the nature and scale of the institution 's operations ; and ( b ) of an amount and nature sufficient to safeguard the interests of its depositors and potential depositors , having regard to the particular factors mentioned in sub-paragraph ( 3 ) below and any other factors appearing to the Bank to be relevant .
( 2 ) an institution shall not be regarded as conducting its business in a prudent manner unless it maintains or , as the case may be , will maintain net assets which , together with other financial resources available to the institution of such nature and amount as are considered [reasonable] by the bank , are — ( a ) of an amount which is commensurate with the nature and scale of the institution 's operations ; and ( b ) of an amount and nature sufficient to safeguard the interests of its depositors and potential depositors , having regard to the particular factors mentioned in sub-paragraph ( 3 ) below and any other factors appearing to the bank to be relevant .

We would be obliged if you could witness our customers ' signatures where appropriate and ensure that they are fully aware of the documentation signed .
we would be obliged if you could witness our customers ' signatures where [reasonable] and ensure that they are fully aware of the documentation signed .

She did not read them , they had been folded back where appropriate to show the places to be signed .
she did not read them , they had been folded back where [reasonable] to show the places to be signed .

The justices found that the threshold criteria were satisfied and that the appropriate order was a care order to the local authority with various provisions for contact .
the justices found that the threshold criteria were satisfied and that the [reasonable] order was a care order to the local authority with various provisions for contact .

The subsection echoes the language of subsection ( 3 ) by providing that the clients shall be treated ‘ as entitled to ’ the appropriate proportion of the deposit .
the subsection echoes the language of subsection ( 3 ) by providing that the clients shall be treated ‘ as entitled to ’ the [reasonable] proportion of the deposit .

In assessing whether there is likely to be prejudice and if so whether it can properly be described as serious , the following matters should be borne in mind : first , the power of the judge at common law and under the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 to regulate the admissibility of evidence ; secondly , the trial process itself , which should ensure that all relevant factual issues arising from delay will be placed before the jury as part of the evidence for their consideration , together with the powers of the judge to give appropriate directions to the jury before they consider their verdict .
in assessing whether there is likely to be prejudice and if so whether it can properly be described as serious , the following matters should be borne in mind : first , the power of the judge at common law and under the police and criminal evidence act 1984 to regulate the admissibility of evidence ; secondly , the trial process itself , which should ensure that all relevant factual issues arising from delay will be placed before the jury as part of the evidence for their consideration , together with the powers of the judge to give [reasonable] directions to the jury before they consider their verdict .

In the event of an unsuccessful application to the Crown Court on such grounds , the appropriate procedure will be for the trial to proceed in accordance with the ruling of the trial judge and , if necessary , the point should be argued as part of any appeal to the Court of Appeal ( Criminal Division ) .
in the event of an unsuccessful application to the crown court on such grounds , the [reasonable] procedure will be for the trial to proceed in accordance with the ruling of the trial judge and , if necessary , the point should be argued as part of any appeal to the court of appeal ( criminal division ) .

‘ appropriate provisions for participation by that state or its nationals as owners of ships flying its flag or in the ownership of such ships and for the level of that participation .
‘ [reasonable] provisions for participation by that state or its nationals as owners of ships flying its flag or in the ownership of such ships and for the level of that participation .

‘ Where , in the case of any fishing vessel , the Secretary of State is satisfied that — ( a ) the vessel would be eligible to be registered as a British fishing vessel but for the fact that any particular individual , or ( as the case may be ) each of a number of particular individuals , is not a British citizen ( and is accordingly not a qualified person ) , and ( b ) it would be appropriate to dispense with the requirement of British citizenship in the case of that individual or those individuals , in view of the length of time he has or they have resided in the United Kingdom and been involved in the fishing industry of the United Kingdom , the Secretary of State may determine that that requirement should be so dispensed with ; and , if he does so , the vessel shall , so long as paragraph ( a ) above applies to it and any such determination remains in force , be treated for the purposes of this Part as eligible to be registered as a British fishing vessel .
‘ where , in the case of any fishing vessel , the secretary of state is satisfied that — ( a ) the vessel would be eligible to be registered as a british fishing vessel but for the fact that any particular individual , or ( as the case may be ) each of a number of particular individuals , is not a british citizen ( and is accordingly not a qualified person ) , and ( b ) it would be [reasonable] to dispense with the requirement of british citizenship in the case of that individual or those individuals , in view of the length of time he has or they have resided in the united kingdom and been involved in the fishing industry of the united kingdom , the secretary of state may determine that that requirement should be so dispensed with ; and , if he does so , the vessel shall , so long as paragraph ( a ) above applies to it and any such determination remains in force , be treated for the purposes of this part as eligible to be registered as a british fishing vessel .

The Commission communication of 19 July 1989 on a Community framework for access to fishing quotas was not appropriate to resolve that conflict , because it did not tackle the problem of the effective exploitation of the catch quotas allocated to the member states .
the commission communication of 19 july 1989 on a community framework for access to fishing quotas was not [reasonable] to resolve that conflict , because it did not tackle the problem of the effective exploitation of the catch quotas allocated to the member states .

It would be appropriate to establish a close economic connection between regions especially dependent on fishing and allied industries , on the one hand , and the use of the national quota , on the other , as the criterion for granting the flag .
it would be [reasonable] to establish a close economic connection between regions especially dependent on fishing and allied industries , on the one hand , and the use of the national quota , on the other , as the criterion for granting the flag .

The Commission stated in limine that in 1983 , before Spain had become a member of the Community , the United Kingdom had not taken appropriate measures to exclude ‘ Anglo-Spanish ’ vessels from its fishing fleet , apparently because those vessels fished mainly in areas to the west of Ireland and mostly for species ( such as hake ) for which there was a much better market in Spain than in the United Kingdom .
the commission stated in limine that in 1983 , before spain had become a member of the community , the united kingdom had not taken [reasonable] measures to exclude ‘ anglo-spanish ’ vessels from its fishing fleet , apparently because those vessels fished mainly in areas to the west of ireland and mostly for species ( such as hake ) for which there was a much better market in spain than in the united kingdom .

The Commission considered that a separate answer to question ( 4 ) was neither necessary nor appropriate .
the commission considered that a separate answer to question ( 4 ) was neither necessary nor [reasonable] .

It is again common ground that the appropriate course for the House now to take in accordance with regulation 143 of the Regulations of 1989 is to adjourn the hearing of the defendant 's application for an order under section 18 , which will automatically activate the procedure under regulation 147 requiring the defendant , if he is minded to pursue the matter , to file evidence in support of his claim .
it is again common ground that the [reasonable] course for the house now to take in accordance with regulation 143 of the regulations of 1989 is to adjourn the hearing of the defendant 's application for an order under section 18 , which will automatically activate the procedure under regulation 147 requiring the defendant , if he is minded to pursue the matter , to file evidence in support of his claim .

It was common ground that the scheme , though set up pursuant to a statutory obligation , was a private and not a public law scheme so that the procedure by way of originating summons rather than judicial review was appropriate .
it was common ground that the scheme , though set up pursuant to a statutory obligation , was a private and not a public law scheme so that the procedure by way of originating summons rather than judicial review was [reasonable] .

The seventh page is described as a ‘ summary for mortgage purposes and statistics ’ and is also signed by the surveyor with the appropriate section 13 certificate .
the seventh page is described as a ‘ summary for mortgage purposes and statistics ’ and is also signed by the surveyor with the [reasonable] section 13 certificate .

‘ In choosing this option , you authorise the society to request an appropriate surveyor to undertake a report and valuation as described in the guidance notes for mortgage applicants and you are satisfied and understand the conditions of engagement .
‘ in choosing this option , you authorise the society to request an [reasonable] surveyor to undertake a report and valuation as described in the guidance notes for mortgage applicants and you are satisfied and understand the conditions of engagement .

‘ I/we request the society to arrange for a structural survey and , if appropriate , a mortgage valuation report to be prepared and confirm that I/we have read and that I/we understand and accept the conditions of engagement .
‘ i/we request the society to arrange for a structural survey and , if [reasonable] , a mortgage valuation report to be prepared and confirm that i/we have read and that i/we understand and accept the conditions of engagement .

The justices declined to make the interim care order and made two prohibited steps orders under section 8 ( 1 ) of the Children Act 1989 without giving the parties an opportunity to make representations as to whether such orders were appropriate .
the justices declined to make the interim care order and made two prohibited steps orders under section 8 ( 1 ) of the children act 1989 without giving the parties an opportunity to make representations as to whether such orders were [reasonable] .

Children — Court 's inherent jurisdiction — Medical treatment — Profoundly handicapped baby suffering intermittent convulsions — Clinical decision precluding future resuscitation by mechanical ventilation — Order directing health authority to require adoption of such procedures pending full hearing — Whether mandatory injunctive relief appropriate
children — court 's inherent jurisdiction — medical treatment — profoundly handicapped baby suffering intermittent convulsions — clinical decision precluding future resuscitation by mechanical ventilation — order directing health authority to require adoption of such procedures pending full hearing — whether mandatory injunctive relief [reasonable]

Firstly , it is said that this is not a case in which interim relief is appropriate or possible at all .
firstly , it is said that this is not a case in which interim relief is [reasonable] or possible at all .

Local Government — Homeless person — Civil action — Housing authority 's offer of permanent accommodation refused as being unsuitable — Claim in county court for breach of statutory duty — Whether judicial review appropriate remedy — Housing Act 1985 ( c. 68 ) , s. 69(1) ( as substituted by Housing and Planning Act 1986 ( c. 63 ) , s. 14(3) )
local government — homeless person — civil action — housing authority 's offer of permanent accommodation refused as being unsuitable — claim in county court for breach of statutory duty — whether judicial review [reasonable] remedy — housing act 1985 ( c. 68 ) , s. 69(1) ( as substituted by housing and planning act 1986 ( c. 63 ) , s. 14(3) )

But it is inherent in the scheme of the Act that an appropriate public law decision of the housing authority is a condition precedent to the establishment of the private law duty .
but it is inherent in the scheme of the act that an [reasonable] public law decision of the housing authority is a condition precedent to the establishment of the private law duty .

Hence , the county court is the appropriate forum .
hence , the county court is the [reasonable] forum .

Further council documents show that the appropriate department and the council itself had in mind the ‘ effect of traffic attraction to the site upon the environment in the approach roads , ’ but also had in mind ‘ the employment potential of the use proposed in the planning application .
further council documents show that the [reasonable] department and the council itself had in mind the ‘ effect of traffic attraction to the site upon the environment in the approach roads , ’ but also had in mind ‘ the employment potential of the use proposed in the planning application .

To apply the Woolwich principle as initially enunciated without limitation could cause very serious practical difficulties of administration and specifying appropriate limitations presents equal difficulties .
to apply the woolwich principle as initially enunciated without limitation could cause very serious practical difficulties of administration and specifying [reasonable] limitations presents equal difficulties .

The second accusation of pressure was that the judge made clear his views concerning the appropriate verdict by his final remarks .
the second accusation of pressure was that the judge made clear his views concerning the [reasonable] verdict by his final remarks .

It follows from these passages from the coroner 's affidavit that he did not consider whether it was appropriate to hold an inquest to investigate whether this was a case in which the cause of death was aggravated by lack of care .
it follows from these passages from the coroner 's affidavit that he did not consider whether it was [reasonable] to hold an inquest to investigate whether this was a case in which the cause of death was aggravated by lack of care .

In the notes to Form 22 in the Schedule , which deals with inquisitions , it is suggested that in cases , inter alia , of death from natural causes , where appropriate the words ‘ and the cause of death was aggravated by lack of care ’ may be added .
in the notes to form 22 in the schedule , which deals with inquisitions , it is suggested that in cases , inter alia , of death from natural causes , where [reasonable] the words ‘ and the cause of death was aggravated by lack of care ’ may be added .

Form 22 itself indicates that it is appropriate to hold an inquest in a case of death by natural causes .
form 22 itself indicates that it is [reasonable] to hold an inquest in a case of death by natural causes .

Children — Care proceedings — Family proceedings court — Local authority seeking care order in terms agreed by all parties — Justices conducting full hearing — Justices making order in different terms from those agreed — Whether full hearing appropriate — Whether parties entitled to be heard on proposed variations of agreed order
children — care proceedings — family proceedings court — local authority seeking care order in terms agreed by all parties — justices conducting full hearing — justices making order in different terms from those agreed — whether full hearing [reasonable] — whether parties entitled to be heard on proposed variations of agreed order

After three quarters of an hour the advocates were informed that they had decided to defer any statement of their reasons and their conclusion as to the appropriate orders for a period of approximately 10 days until 3 February 1992 .
after three quarters of an hour the advocates were informed that they had decided to defer any statement of their reasons and their conclusion as to the [reasonable] orders for a period of approximately 10 days until 3 february 1992 .

Held , allowing the appeal , ( 1 ) that there was no rule that the Crown was exempt from giving a cross-undertaking in damages in law enforcement proceedings , but that the court had a discretion not to require the undertaking and that the discretion extended to other public authorities exercising the function of law enforcement in appropriate circumstances ; and that subject to the impact of Community law the courts should have exercised that discretion ( post , pp .
held , allowing the appeal , ( 1 ) that there was no rule that the crown was exempt from giving a cross-undertaking in damages in law enforcement proceedings , but that the court had a discretion not to require the undertaking and that the discretion extended to other public authorities exercising the function of law enforcement in [reasonable] circumstances ; and that subject to the impact of community law the courts should have exercised that discretion ( post , pp .

The obligation on member states to make good the damage is also based on Article 5 of the Treaty , under which the member states are bound to take all appropriate measures , whether general or particular , to ensure fulfilment of the obligations arising under Community law … .
the obligation on member states to make good the damage is also based on article 5 of the treaty , under which the member states are bound to take all [reasonable] measures , whether general or particular , to ensure fulfilment of the obligations arising under community law … .

It was suggested by Wickes that this was an appropriate case for a reference to the European Court of Justice on the issue raised by the decision of the Court of Appeal that Community law required an undertaking in damages .
it was suggested by wickes that this was an [reasonable] case for a reference to the european court of justice on the issue raised by the decision of the court of appeal that community law required an undertaking in damages .

If section 9 ( 4 ) was intended to have the effect contended for in the skeleton argument of Mr. William Charles , appearing for the Treasury Solicitor , appropriate words could easily have been found .
if section 9 ( 4 ) was intended to have the effect contended for in the skeleton argument of mr. william charles , appearing for the treasury solicitor , [reasonable] words could easily have been found .

( 6 ) Nothing in the Act or in the Convention prevents the Crown from facilitating the giving of evidence by its present or former officers or servants , subject to such conditions if any as it may deem appropriate , but the courts have no power to order anyone to give evidence in circumstances in which section 9 ( 4 ) applies .
( 6 ) nothing in the act or in the convention prevents the crown from facilitating the giving of evidence by its present or former officers or servants , subject to such conditions if any as it may deem [reasonable] , but the courts have no power to order anyone to give evidence in circumstances in which section 9 ( 4 ) applies .

So , once the matter comes before the judge , he can , in effect , make any appropriate order within the very considerable flexibility that the Children Act 1989 is intended to provide , but with this important proviso .
so , once the matter comes before the judge , he can , in effect , make any [reasonable] order within the very considerable flexibility that the children act 1989 is intended to provide , but with this important proviso .

Once a bankruptcy order is made , it is likely that the proceedings commenced by a Government department in the High Court under r 6.9(1) ( o ) will be transferred to the appropriate county court if the debtor does not reside or carry on business within the London insolvency district .
once a bankruptcy order is made , it is likely that the proceedings commenced by a government department in the high court under r 6.9(1) ( o ) will be transferred to the [reasonable] county court if the debtor does not reside or carry on business within the london insolvency district .

Application for an extension of time to apply to set aside a statutory demand can be made to a bankruptcy judge in the High Court or to a registrar of the appropriate county court .
application for an extension of time to apply to set aside a statutory demand can be made to a bankruptcy judge in the high court or to a registrar of the [reasonable] county court .

On hearing the application , the court can determine the matter summarily or adjourn it , giving such directions as are appropriate .
on hearing the application , the court can determine the matter summarily or adjourn it , giving such directions as are [reasonable] .

On the hearing of a debtor 's petition , the court must not make a bankruptcy order where the total of the debtor 's debts would be less than the `` small bankruptcies level `` , currently £20,000 , the minimum value of the debtor 's assets would be equal to or more than the `` minimum amount `` , currently £2,000 , the debtor has not been adjudicated bankrupt nor entered into any composition with his creditors or scheme of arrangement within the last five years and it would be appropriate to appoint an insolvency practitioner to prepare a report ( s 273 ) .
on the hearing of a debtor 's petition , the court must not make a bankruptcy order where the total of the debtor 's debts would be less than the `` small bankruptcies level `` , currently £20,000 , the minimum value of the debtor 's assets would be equal to or more than the `` minimum amount `` , currently £2,000 , the debtor has not been adjudicated bankrupt nor entered into any composition with his creditors or scheme of arrangement within the last five years and it would be [reasonable] to appoint an insolvency practitioner to prepare a report ( s 273 ) .

The court has a general power , if it appears to it appropriate to do so , to dismiss a petition or to stay proceedings on a petition on such terms as it thinks fit ( s 266 ( 3 ) ) .
the court has a general power , if it appears to it [reasonable] to do so , to dismiss a petition or to stay proceedings on a petition on such terms as it thinks fit ( s 266 ( 3 ) ) .

Yachts with crews of mixed nationalities are now very common , though a more usual way of showing it is to fly an appropriate string of miniature courtesy ensigns .
yachts with crews of mixed nationalities are now very common , though a more usual way of showing it is to fly an [reasonable] string of miniature courtesy ensigns .

It is also a good idea for foreigners of all nationalities to contact their consulate or embassy and register their names and addresses , so that the appropriate advice can be passed on swiftly from he government 's local representatives .
it is also a good idea for foreigners of all nationalities to contact their consulate or embassy and register their names and addresses , so that the [reasonable] advice can be passed on swiftly from he government 's local representatives .

But Sullivan did not think that such a grand welcome would now be appropriate .
but sullivan did not think that such a grand welcome would now be [reasonable] .

The wines were appropriate .
the wines were [reasonable] .

Each had his or her own reason — a dying father , an urgent operation , sick children , financial problems — whatever seemed more plausible or appropriate .
each had his or her own reason — a dying father , an urgent operation , sick children , financial problems — whatever seemed more plausible or [reasonable] .

Also , for these age groups a liquid form of antibiotics ( if that 's what 's prescribed ) is more appropriate .
also , for these age groups a liquid form of antibiotics ( if that 's what 's prescribed ) is more [reasonable] .

The communist party considered art an appropriate promotional weapon to communicate with the outside world and started patronising certain artists .
the communist party considered art an [reasonable] promotional weapon to communicate with the outside world and started patronising certain artists .

It 's a mechanistic philosophy , with the priority on mass human convenience , and it is appropriate that the places where most of our pigs live out their wretched lives are known as factory farms .
it 's a mechanistic philosophy , with the priority on mass human convenience , and it is [reasonable] that the places where most of our pigs live out their wretched lives are known as factory farms .

Examines the problems of conserving medicinal plants , suggests an appropriate national conservation programme and gives advice on international collaboration .
examines the problems of conserving medicinal plants , suggests an [reasonable] national conservation programme and gives advice on international collaboration .

The ‘ batten down the hatches ’ tone of his speech , at an occasion when something cautiously up might have been more appropriate , betrayed a lot about how badly the industry — and agencies ' morale — has been damaged by the recession .
the ‘ batten down the hatches ’ tone of his speech , at an occasion when something cautiously up might have been more [reasonable] , betrayed a lot about how badly the industry — and agencies ' morale — has been damaged by the recession .

It should be borne in mind that despite the fact that psychiatric diseases such as depression or manic-depression tend to be vastly over-diagnosed , particularly in sufferers from alcoholism ( in whom these features may be indications of their primary disease of alcoholism ) , some patients do have both addictive disease and psychiatric disease and need appropriate treatment for both .
it should be borne in mind that despite the fact that psychiatric diseases such as depression or manic-depression tend to be vastly over-diagnosed , particularly in sufferers from alcoholism ( in whom these features may be indications of their primary disease of alcoholism ) , some patients do have both addictive disease and psychiatric disease and need [reasonable] treatment for both .

Regardless of encouragement or love ( or hostility or punishment ) , the disease progresses and , in the absence of appropriate treatment through Alcoholics or Narcotics Anonymous , is commonly fatal .
regardless of encouragement or love ( or hostility or punishment ) , the disease progresses and , in the absence of [reasonable] treatment through alcoholics or narcotics anonymous , is commonly fatal .

Because sufferers feel better and are temporarily relieved of their urge to use an addictive substance or behaviour after a meeting of an appropriate Anonymous Fellowship .
because sufferers feel better and are temporarily relieved of their urge to use an addictive substance or behaviour after a meeting of an [reasonable] anonymous fellowship .

Thus , one would advise sufferers to deal first with their addictive disease through a 12 Step programme of recovery through the Anonymous Fellowships and later , while in the second stage of recovery , come to deal with other behavioural issues through whatever method may be individually appropriate .
thus , one would advise sufferers to deal first with their addictive disease through a 12 step programme of recovery through the anonymous fellowships and later , while in the second stage of recovery , come to deal with other behavioural issues through whatever method may be individually [reasonable] .

This description fits the observable characteristics and progress of the disease , although it might be more appropriate to substitute the social term `` `` sensitivity `` `` for the strictly clinical term `` allergy `` .
this description fits the observable characteristics and progress of the disease , although it might be more [reasonable] to substitute the social term `` `` sensitivity `` `` for the strictly clinical term `` allergy `` .

The appropriate Anonymous Fellowships for anorexia , bulimia and compulsive overeating exist to help the primary spiritual recovery .
the [reasonable] anonymous fellowships for anorexia , bulimia and compulsive overeating exist to help the primary spiritual recovery .

This is not to argue that these practices should not be abhorred and punished by society but it is to say that the underlying tendency may be addictive in nature and may therefore require the specific treatment appropriate for any addictive disease .
this is not to argue that these practices should not be abhorred and punished by society but it is to say that the underlying tendency may be addictive in nature and may therefore require the specific treatment [reasonable] for any addictive disease .

It can reasonably be anticipated that whatever the addictive disease there will be an appropriate or near-appropriate Anonymous Fellowship .
it can reasonably be anticipated that whatever the addictive disease there will be an [reasonable] or near-appropriate anonymous fellowship .

Simple substitution of the words `` food `` or `` starvation `` or `` risk-taking `` or `` behaviour `` or whatever else is appropriate in place of the words `` alcohol `` or `` drugs `` will give a clear picture of the denial relevant to each particular addictive disease .
simple substitution of the words `` food `` or `` starvation `` or `` risk-taking `` or `` behaviour `` or whatever else is [reasonable] in place of the words `` alcohol `` or `` drugs `` will give a clear picture of the denial relevant to each particular addictive disease .

Attend regular meetings of the appropriate Anonymous Fellowship for family members .
attend regular meetings of the [reasonable] anonymous fellowship for family members .

This is done for its own sake but it is found that the primary sufferer will quite commonly seek treatment through his or her appropriate Anonymous Fellowship within a few months of the family member seeking his or her own recovery .
this is done for its own sake but it is found that the primary sufferer will quite commonly seek treatment through his or her [reasonable] anonymous fellowship within a few months of the family member seeking his or her own recovery .

Each member is free to decide whatever action is appropriate within the general guidelines of the twelve steps and twelve traditions of the Fellowship .
each member is free to decide whatever action is [reasonable] within the general guidelines of the twelve steps and twelve traditions of the fellowship .

The experience of the Anonymous Fellowships and of Treatment Centres based upon their principles is that the sufferers from primary addictive disease have a better chance of sustained recovery if the close family members attend corresponding appropriate Family Fellowships .
the experience of the anonymous fellowships and of treatment centres based upon their principles is that the sufferers from primary addictive disease have a better chance of sustained recovery if the close family members attend corresponding [reasonable] family fellowships .

Family members attending appropriate Family Fellowships often find that the quality of their own lives improves significantly even if the primary sufferer is not in recovery .
family members attending [reasonable] family fellowships often find that the quality of their own lives improves significantly even if the primary sufferer is not in recovery .

Tough love requires that the family member `` lets go `` of the primary sufferer and seeks help for himself or herself from the appropriate Family Fellowship , concentrating primarily on his or her own recovery from the addictive urge to fix or control the lives of others .
tough love requires that the family member `` lets go `` of the primary sufferer and seeks help for himself or herself from the [reasonable] family fellowship , concentrating primarily on his or her own recovery from the addictive urge to fix or control the lives of others .

Seek the help of Al Anon of Families Anonymous or other appropriate Anonymous Family Groups in order to meet other people who have similar first-hand experience of the living hell of being at close quarters with the insanity of addictive disease .
seek the help of al anon of families anonymous or other [reasonable] anonymous family groups in order to meet other people who have similar first-hand experience of the living hell of being at close quarters with the insanity of addictive disease .

Stopping the use of the addictive substance or behaviour and seeking the help of the appropriate Anonymous Fellowship , most commonly Alcoholics Anonymous or Narcotics Anonymous .
stopping the use of the addictive substance or behaviour and seeking the help of the [reasonable] anonymous fellowship , most commonly alcoholics anonymous or narcotics anonymous .

Particular care needs to be taken over : i. accidents or surgical procedures where anaesthetics and appropriate pain relief must be given .
particular care needs to be taken over : i. accidents or surgical procedures where anaesthetics and [reasonable] pain relief must be given .

Although there is a risk from the mood-altering properties of these substances , there is a greater risk of return to addictive use of drugs from unrelieved pain than there is from the strictly temporary appropriate use of these mood-altering chemicals .
although there is a risk from the mood-altering properties of these substances , there is a greater risk of return to addictive use of drugs from unrelieved pain than there is from the strictly temporary [reasonable] use of these mood-altering chemicals .

For others , recovery may be possible simply through the appropriate Anonymous Fellowship , with or without some specialist counselling and therapeutic group sessions , or through a 12 Step treatment centre .
for others , recovery may be possible simply through the [reasonable] anonymous fellowship , with or without some specialist counselling and therapeutic group sessions , or through a 12 step treatment centre .

seek identification and hope for recovery from the appropriate , Anonymous Fellowship .
seek identification and hope for recovery from the [reasonable] , anonymous fellowship .

consider specialist counselling or residential care in a 12 Step treatment centre if this is appropriate .
consider specialist counselling or residential care in a 12 step treatment centre if this is [reasonable] .

For these families , attendance at Al-Anon or Families Anonymous may be the best identification available and is therefore appropriate .
for these families , attendance at al-anon or families anonymous may be the best identification available and is therefore [reasonable] .

Regular attendance at meetings of the appropriate Anonymous Fellowship .
regular attendance at meetings of the [reasonable] anonymous fellowship .

Regular reading of approved literature of the appropriate Anonymous Fellowship .
regular reading of approved literature of the [reasonable] anonymous fellowship .

Thus , by increased understanding and by positive action , the sufferer is helped to accept his or her right to an appropriate place in the world , no more but also no less .
thus , by increased understanding and by positive action , the sufferer is helped to accept his or her right to an [reasonable] place in the world , no more but also no less .

The progress during the first year of recovery will vary from one person to another but for most people this first year in any Fellowship is spent mainly in compliance : doing what is suggested by people more experienced in the Anonymous Fellowships , attending meetings , contributing to them and giving practical service in them , progressively working the 12 Steps with the guidance of a sponsor and generally learning to use the various suggested techniques of staying away from one 's primary addictive substance or behaviour and learning to deal with stressful situations in a more appropriate manner than previously .
the progress during the first year of recovery will vary from one person to another but for most people this first year in any fellowship is spent mainly in compliance : doing what is suggested by people more experienced in the anonymous fellowships , attending meetings , contributing to them and giving practical service in them , progressively working the 12 steps with the guidance of a sponsor and generally learning to use the various suggested techniques of staying away from one 's primary addictive substance or behaviour and learning to deal with stressful situations in a more [reasonable] manner than previously .

For example , a sufferer from alcoholism who still used sleeping tablets , a sufferer from any of the eating disorders who is not physically abstinent from sugar and white flour , a sufferer from workaholism who exchanges work for physical exercise in similar quantities and a sufferer from the family disease who still searches incessantly for treatment or other solutions to the problems of the primary sufferer rather than accept his or her own powerlessness over the lives of other people and accept the need for personal recovery , are all still in the active phase of the disease even if they are regularly attending meetings of an appropriate Anonymous Fellowship .
for example , a sufferer from alcoholism who still used sleeping tablets , a sufferer from any of the eating disorders who is not physically abstinent from sugar and white flour , a sufferer from workaholism who exchanges work for physical exercise in similar quantities and a sufferer from the family disease who still searches incessantly for treatment or other solutions to the problems of the primary sufferer rather than accept his or her own powerlessness over the lives of other people and accept the need for personal recovery , are all still in the active phase of the disease even if they are regularly attending meetings of an [reasonable] anonymous fellowship .

By listening , considering and making appropriate changes when others in the Fellowship give feed-back .
by listening , considering and making [reasonable] changes when others in the fellowship give feed-back .

This capacity — for emotional honesty and willingness to risk being hurt and acceptance of the need to make changes as a result of appropriate feedback — is rare .
this capacity — for emotional honesty and willingness to risk being hurt and acceptance of the need to make changes as a result of [reasonable] feedback — is rare .

Validation of the suffering individual , treating him or her with kindness , professional respect and dignity , being open and honest , separating the awareness of the disease from the understanding of the suffering human being , following the distorted reasoning and disturbed actions and accepting that they appeared to the sufferer to be most appropriate at the time they were committed .
validation of the suffering individual , treating him or her with kindness , professional respect and dignity , being open and honest , separating the awareness of the disease from the understanding of the suffering human being , following the distorted reasoning and disturbed actions and accepting that they appeared to the sufferer to be most [reasonable] at the time they were committed .

However , when dealing with the primary sufferer and attempting to get him or her to seek appropriate treatment through a 12 Step programme it is best to avoid antagonising the denial system by being too direct .
however , when dealing with the primary sufferer and attempting to get him or her to seek [reasonable] treatment through a 12 step programme it is best to avoid antagonising the denial system by being too direct .

It may — or may not — be appropriate to recommend the sufferer to refer these issues for group assessment .
it may — or may not — be [reasonable] to recommend the sufferer to refer these issues for group assessment .

Sometimes `` 'mini-groups `` ( which may be unsupervised by counselling staff ) may be formed to discuss specific issues of common concern , such as issues particularly appropriate for women .
sometimes `` 'mini-groups `` ( which may be unsupervised by counselling staff ) may be formed to discuss specific issues of common concern , such as issues particularly [reasonable] for women .

Thus , during treatment there are visits to some meetings of appropriate Anonymous Fellowships outside the treatment centre so that there is preparation for long-term commitment to recovery through the Anonymous Fellowships .
thus , during treatment there are visits to some meetings of [reasonable] anonymous fellowships outside the treatment centre so that there is preparation for long-term commitment to recovery through the anonymous fellowships .

Any family member of someone suffering from primary addictive disease may benefit from attendance at meetings of appropriate Anonymous Fellowships and may even benefit from residential care .
any family member of someone suffering from primary addictive disease may benefit from attendance at meetings of [reasonable] anonymous fellowships and may even benefit from residential care .

( 1 ) For the purposes of the discharge of its functions under this Act , every licensing board ( a ) shall hold a meeting in January , March , June and October of each year beginning on a date in each such month fixed by the licensing board at least eight weeks prior to the meeting ; ( ii ) may hold such other meetings as appear to the board to be appropriate .
( 1 ) for the purposes of the discharge of its functions under this act , every licensing board ( a ) shall hold a meeting in january , march , june and october of each year beginning on a date in each such month fixed by the licensing board at least eight weeks prior to the meeting ; ( ii ) may hold such other meetings as appear to the board to be [reasonable] .

The clerkship of a licensing board is not to be held by the incumbent of a particular office but is to be held by an officer appointed and employed by the appropriate district or islands council .
the clerkship of a licensing board is not to be held by the incumbent of a particular office but is to be held by an officer appointed and employed by the [reasonable] district or islands council .

( 1 ) Subject to subsection ( 6 ) of this section , an application for the grant or provisional grant of a new licence ( other than an off-sale licence ) shall not be entertained by a licensing board unless there are produced to the board , in accordance with the provisions of this section , certificates from the appropriate authority as to the suitability of the premises for which the licence is sought in relation to planning , building control and food hygiene .
( 1 ) subject to subsection ( 6 ) of this section , an application for the grant or provisional grant of a new licence ( other than an off-sale licence ) shall not be entertained by a licensing board unless there are produced to the board , in accordance with the provisions of this section , certificates from the [reasonable] authority as to the suitability of the premises for which the licence is sought in relation to planning , building control and food hygiene .

( 2 ) In relation to planning , the certificate from the appropriate authority should state that the applicant has obtained in respect of the premises planning permission under the Town and Country Planning ( Scotland ) Act 1972 or , in the case of an application for the provisional grant of a licence , outline planning permission under sections 39 and 40 of that Act , or , in either case , a determination under section 51 of that Act that planning permission is not required .
( 2 ) in relation to planning , the certificate from the [reasonable] authority should state that the applicant has obtained in respect of the premises planning permission under the town and country planning ( scotland ) act 1972 or , in the case of an application for the provisional grant of a licence , outline planning permission under sections 39 and 40 of that act , or , in either case , a determination under section 51 of that act that planning permission is not required .

( 3 ) In relation to building control , the certificate from the appropriate authority ( a ) in the case of an application for a new licence , should state ( i ) either that a warrant for the construction of the premises has been granted under section 6 of the Building ( Scotland ) Act 1959 and a certificate of completion has been granted under section 9 of that Act , or that no warrant for construction of the premises is required ; and ( ii ) either that a warrant for the change of use of the premises has been granted under the said section 6 or that no such warrant is required ; and ( b ) in the case of an application for the provisional grant of a licence , should state ( i ) that a warrant for the construction of the premises has been granted under section 6 of the said Act of 1959 ; and ( ii ) either that a warrant for the change of use of the premises has been granted under the said section 6 , or that on completion of the construction of the premises in accordance with the warrant a warrant for the change of use will be granted , or that no such warrant is required .
( 3 ) in relation to building control , the certificate from the [reasonable] authority ( a ) in the case of an application for a new licence , should state ( i ) either that a warrant for the construction of the premises has been granted under section 6 of the building ( scotland ) act 1959 and a certificate of completion has been granted under section 9 of that act , or that no warrant for construction of the premises is required ; and ( ii ) either that a warrant for the change of use of the premises has been granted under the said section 6 or that no such warrant is required ; and ( b ) in the case of an application for the provisional grant of a licence , should state ( i ) that a warrant for the construction of the premises has been granted under section 6 of the said act of 1959 ; and ( ii ) either that a warrant for the change of use of the premises has been granted under the said section 6 , or that on completion of the construction of the premises in accordance with the warrant a warrant for the change of use will be granted , or that no such warrant is required .

( 4 ) In relation to food hygiene , the certificate from the appropriate authority should , in the case of an application for a new licence , state that the premises to which the application relates comply , or , in the case of an application for the provisional grant of a licence , would comply , with the requirements of regulations made under section 13 of the Food and Drugs ( Scotland ) Act 1956 relating to construction , layout , drainage , ventilation , lighting and water supply or concerned with the provision of sanitary and washing facilities .
( 4 ) in relation to food hygiene , the certificate from the [reasonable] authority should , in the case of an application for a new licence , state that the premises to which the application relates comply , or , in the case of an application for the provisional grant of a licence , would comply , with the requirements of regulations made under section 13 of the food and drugs ( scotland ) act 1956 relating to construction , layout , drainage , ventilation , lighting and water supply or concerned with the provision of sanitary and washing facilities .

( 7 ) In this section , in relation to planning and building control , the appropriate authority in the case of the Highland , Borders and Dumfries and Galloway Regions is the regional council and , in any other case , is the district or islands council , and in relation to food hygiene , the appropriate authority is the district or islands council .
( 7 ) in this section , in relation to planning and building control , the [reasonable] authority in the case of the highland , borders and dumfries and galloway regions is the regional council and , in any other case , is the district or islands council , and in relation to food hygiene , the [reasonable] authority is the district or islands council .

For `` appropriate `` authority … in relation to planning , building control , and food hygiene , `` see subs .
for `` [reasonable] `` authority … in relation to planning , building control , and food hygiene , `` see subs .

The warrant is not granted unless the proposed works are in accordance with the appropriate building regulations .
the warrant is not granted unless the proposed works are in accordance with the [reasonable] building regulations .

( 5 ) Where a licence is transferred under this section to any person , the clerk of the licensing board shall , on payment of the appropriate fee , endorse on the licence a note of the transfer .
( 5 ) where a licence is transferred under this section to any person , the clerk of the licensing board shall , on payment of the [reasonable] fee , endorse on the licence a note of the transfer .

The descriptions which follow will tell you how to achieve and maintain certain performances by appropriate scan technique .
the descriptions which follow will tell you how to achieve and maintain certain performances by [reasonable] scan technique .

If unable to lane within the time allowed , or to approach and land visually , leave at the altitude and route appropriate for that airfield .
if unable to lane within the time allowed , or to approach and land visually , leave at the altitude and route [reasonable] for that airfield .

This is so contrary to our general assumptions ( namely that the Holy Spirit , however vaguely we conceive of him , is an internal gift for the faithful , appropriate only to be mentioned in church ) that it is important for us to see the crucial link between the Spirit and mission which is presented to us in the pages of the New Testament .
this is so contrary to our general assumptions ( namely that the holy spirit , however vaguely we conceive of him , is an internal gift for the faithful , [reasonable] only to be mentioned in church ) that it is important for us to see the crucial link between the spirit and mission which is presented to us in the pages of the new testament .

Often used in commerce for a ‘ down-payment ’ , or ‘ first instalment ’ , it is a highly appropriate word for the Holy Spirit .
often used in commerce for a ‘ down-payment ’ , or ‘ first instalment ’ , it is a highly [reasonable] word for the holy spirit .

However , the method is viable because the sample may be matched to objective criteria or proportions in a manner that is appropriate to the particular research exercise .
however , the method is viable because the sample may be matched to objective criteria or proportions in a manner that is [reasonable] to the particular research exercise .

It is at this stage that a useful picture of the market should emerge , that picture being appropriate to the particular requirements of the marketing objective established in ( a ) above .
it is at this stage that a useful picture of the market should emerge , that picture being [reasonable] to the particular requirements of the marketing objective established in ( a ) above .

The package tour is particularly appropriate to the personality traits of compliance and sociability which make up the typically British temperament .
the package tour is particularly [reasonable] to the personality traits of compliance and sociability which make up the typically british temperament .

it is soft enough to clean broken or damaged skin ; it is intrinsically very clean and thus appropriate to use .
it is soft enough to clean broken or damaged skin ; it is intrinsically very clean and thus [reasonable] to use .

The offering of the appropriate financial assistance and credit to the customer will then become a key part of the supplier 's marketing policy .
the offering of the [reasonable] financial assistance and credit to the customer will then become a key part of the supplier 's marketing policy .

These segments are used as targets against which appropriate products or services can be positioned , and upon which an appropriate promotional mix may be focussed .
these segments are used as targets against which [reasonable] products or services can be positioned , and upon which an [reasonable] promotional mix may be focussed .

Market segments are then used as targets against which appropriate products or services can be positioned , if the forecast revenues are likely to exceed the costs to be incurred .
market segments are then used as targets against which [reasonable] products or services can be positioned , if the forecast revenues are likely to exceed the costs to be incurred .

Similarly , segments are used as targets upon which an appropriate promotional mix may be focussed .
similarly , segments are used as targets upon which an [reasonable] promotional mix may be focussed .

For example , an analysis of geographic distribution , demographic and life-style characteristics might be used to segment the market for value-added furnishing or food products , and determine appropriate distribution channels to be sought .
for example , an analysis of geographic distribution , demographic and life-style characteristics might be used to segment the market for value-added furnishing or food products , and determine [reasonable] distribution channels to be sought .

The product range or `` mix `` ( defined in a later chapter ) should emphasise those product attributes or differences which are appropriate to the characteristics and requirements of clusters or segments that are seen as most viable in commercial terms .
the product range or `` mix `` ( defined in a later chapter ) should emphasise those product attributes or differences which are [reasonable] to the characteristics and requirements of clusters or segments that are seen as most viable in commercial terms .

Similarly , an appropriate promotional `` mix `` may be formulated to provide the most effective communication to , and persuasion of those specific people , who make up the segment , or are likely to seek the product or its benefits within the purchase contexts that the analysis has identified .
similarly , an [reasonable] promotional `` mix `` may be formulated to provide the most effective communication to , and persuasion of those specific people , who make up the segment , or are likely to seek the product or its benefits within the purchase contexts that the analysis has identified .

These sets of buyers should possess distinguishing characteristics so that ( i ) they may be used as marketing targets against which products are positioned to meet segment customer need ; ( ii ) a marketing mix appropriate to a particular segment may be selected .
these sets of buyers should possess distinguishing characteristics so that ( i ) they may be used as marketing targets against which products are positioned to meet segment customer need ; ( ii ) a marketing mix [reasonable] to a particular segment may be selected .

They need to do this for a number of reasons , which include : * identifying the characteristics and attributes of customers and market segments ; * developing and positioning products and services which are appropriate to customer needs and purchasing patterns ; * maximising sales penetration potential through distribution and retail channels ; * focusing the most cost-effective promotional activity ( advertising , exhibitions , sponsorship etc ) as accurately as possible on target market segments .
they need to do this for a number of reasons , which include : * identifying the characteristics and attributes of customers and market segments ; * developing and positioning products and services which are [reasonable] to customer needs and purchasing patterns ; * maximising sales penetration potential through distribution and retail channels ; * focusing the most cost-effective promotional activity ( advertising , exhibitions , sponsorship etc ) as accurately as possible on target market segments .

This complex of elements and activities should be managed such that it ensures that the right product is available at the right price in the right place at the appropriate time to satisfy the needs of target customers in the chosen market segments .
this complex of elements and activities should be managed such that it ensures that the right product is available at the right price in the right place at the [reasonable] time to satisfy the needs of target customers in the chosen market segments .

The need for appropriate promotion of the product or service is , therefore , also an important part of the Marketing Mix .
the need for [reasonable] promotion of the product or service is , therefore , also an important part of the marketing mix .

’ Directory , so if you would like to be included and have n't told us yet , please fill in the appropriate part of the questionnaire .
’ directory , so if you would like to be included and have n't told us yet , please fill in the [reasonable] part of the questionnaire .

Mr. Wakeham : In their response to the second special report from the House of Commons Select Committee on European Legislation , Session 1985–86 , the Government reaffirmed that they would endeavour to bring forward documents for debate at the earliest appropriate opportunity .
mr. wakeham : in their response to the second special report from the house of commons select committee on european legislation , session 1985–86 , the government reaffirmed that they would endeavour to bring forward documents for debate at the earliest [reasonable] opportunity .

It would not be appropriate to make it a condition of sale , as is required by new clause 4 , that new companies should participate in the existing pension scheme .
it would not be [reasonable] to make it a condition of sale , as is required by new clause 4 , that new companies should participate in the existing pension scheme .

At this stage , we have an opportunity to ensure that the legislation will allow their voices to be heard through formal channels so that they do not have to resort to the usual practice of writing to the appropriate organisations .
at this stage , we have an opportunity to ensure that the legislation will allow their voices to be heard through formal channels so that they do not have to resort to the usual practice of writing to the [reasonable] organisations .

The only fantasia in Parthenia is Gibbons 's ‘ of foure parts ’ , which is appropriate for it is one of the finest of all the keyboard fantasias .
the only fantasia in parthenia is gibbons 's ‘ of foure parts ’ , which is [reasonable] for it is one of the finest of all the keyboard fantasias .

The meetings are often prolonged , ungoverned by the timetable and the bell , ending when the staff feel it to be appropriate .
the meetings are often prolonged , ungoverned by the timetable and the bell , ending when the staff feel it to be [reasonable] .

The school attempts to provide a positively structured learning environment where sound appropriate educational opportunities are available , together with suitable attention to individual difficulties .
the school attempts to provide a positively structured learning environment where sound [reasonable] educational opportunities are available , together with suitable attention to individual difficulties .

Reinforcement of appropriate behaviour is seen as a key issue pervading the work of the school , as is enabling the children to experience regular feedback concerning their performance in any given area .
reinforcement of [reasonable] behaviour is seen as a key issue pervading the work of the school , as is enabling the children to experience regular feedback concerning their performance in any given area .

Children are encouraged to assume as much responsibility as possible regarding their own learning , and to be involved in setting their own personal goals when appropriate .
children are encouraged to assume as much responsibility as possible regarding their own learning , and to be involved in setting their own personal goals when [reasonable] .

Please could you have this checked by a Doctor and treat him with the appropriate shampoo before sending him back to school .
please could you have this checked by a doctor and treat him with the [reasonable] shampoo before sending him back to school .

Other members include the pupil , the parent ( s ) , the appropriate member of the guidance staff and , where appropriate , other members of the teaching staff such as the principal remedial teacher or form teacher , social worker and staff from other educational establishments such as an assessment centre or residential care .
other members include the pupil , the parent ( s ) , the [reasonable] member of the guidance staff and , where [reasonable] , other members of the teaching staff such as the principal remedial teacher or form teacher , social worker and staff from other educational establishments such as an assessment centre or residential care .

He was given a flexible timetable which , in terms of classes , could be built up as seemed appropriate .
he was given a flexible timetable which , in terms of classes , could be built up as seemed [reasonable] .

The pack is fronted by user notes which offer advice on how to set up working parties , the pitfalls and key points in locating ‘ appropriate ’ school and teacher groups , how to narrow the choice of relevant issues , to find exercises which match urgent concerns .
the pack is fronted by user notes which offer advice on how to set up working parties , the pitfalls and key points in locating ‘ [reasonable] ’ school and teacher groups , how to narrow the choice of relevant issues , to find exercises which match urgent concerns .

triggering the search for an appropriate project
triggering the search for an [reasonable] project

While few finance theorists have addressed stages other than stage 4 , other disciplines have been active in researching what may be appropriate in other stages .
while few finance theorists have addressed stages other than stage 4 , other disciplines have been active in researching what may be [reasonable] in other stages .

Similarly , others have argued that the matrices make little allowance for risk and in their early application this was true , but , if one undertakes a Porter-type analysis to give a solid foundation to industry attractiveness and competitive strengths and the derivation of the appropriate strategies , that will take into account a risk assessment .
similarly , others have argued that the matrices make little allowance for risk and in their early application this was true , but , if one undertakes a porter-type analysis to give a solid foundation to industry attractiveness and competitive strengths and the derivation of the [reasonable] strategies , that will take into account a risk assessment .

It has been argued that building systems to motivate and evaluate appropriate investment behaviour is better achieved when based upon a careful strategic analysis and critical success factors .
it has been argued that building systems to motivate and evaluate [reasonable] investment behaviour is better achieved when based upon a careful strategic analysis and critical success factors .

Hence , if the learning phenomenon appropriate to a particular firm indicates that average costs ( over cumulative volume to date , not average cost in the year ) will fall by 20 per cent each time cumulative output doubles , one says that the learning rate is 80 per cent on 0.8
hence , if the learning phenomenon [reasonable] to a particular firm indicates that average costs ( over cumulative volume to date , not average cost in the year ) will fall by 20 per cent each time cumulative output doubles , one says that the learning rate is 80 per cent on 0.8

What is the appropriate measure of scale difference between industrial activities ?
what is the [reasonable] measure of scale difference between industrial activities ?

Only by a careful understanding of the market place can one be sure that one is thinking in the appropriate dimension and take full advantage of scale economies .
only by a careful understanding of the market place can one be sure that one is thinking in the [reasonable] dimension and take full advantage of scale economies .

If the company feels that it can largely pass changes in input prices on , it will be more appropriate to focus on productivity changes than on absolute cost changes .
if the company feels that it can largely pass changes in input prices on , it will be more [reasonable] to focus on productivity changes than on absolute cost changes .

The impact upon investment appraisal will be left until chapter 6 , but it is appropriate to look at the effect upon costing here .
the impact upon investment appraisal will be left until chapter 6 , but it is [reasonable] to look at the effect upon costing here .

In such a situation it may be appropriate to think of restricting development of some SBUs — not to a specific amount of investment each year , but to a projected rate of development consistent with internal funds generated by the whole company over a period of years .
in such a situation it may be [reasonable] to think of restricting development of some sbus — not to a specific amount of investment each year , but to a projected rate of development consistent with internal funds generated by the whole company over a period of years .

While financial managers address this question more directly , using the appropriate cost of capital to show how different strategies will increase the market value of the company , Graham does seem to demonstrate that the market does value returns in excess of a required yield allowing for risk .
while financial managers address this question more directly , using the [reasonable] cost of capital to show how different strategies will increase the market value of the company , graham does seem to demonstrate that the market does value returns in excess of a required yield allowing for risk .

Lindblom was mainly interested in the problems of national governments and explaining why it was not appropriate to adopt overall planning models at that level .
lindblom was mainly interested in the problems of national governments and explaining why it was not [reasonable] to adopt overall planning models at that level .

For example , Starbuck ( 1982 ) states that rarely is there a neat sequence of events through from recognition of a problem to definition of the problem , generating possible actions , selection of the appropriate option and implementation .
for example , starbuck ( 1982 ) states that rarely is there a neat sequence of events through from recognition of a problem to definition of the problem , generating possible actions , selection of the [reasonable] option and implementation .

Finally , they should be complex — meaning that they should be definite , with a full analytical description of why the particular ideology is appropriate , even specifying conditions under which it would cease to be appropriate .
finally , they should be complex — meaning that they should be definite , with a full analytical description of why the particular ideology is [reasonable] , even specifying conditions under which it would cease to be [reasonable] .

Perhaps that is appropriate .
perhaps that is [reasonable] .

On the other hand , the better the change-manager understands each main party 's schema , each party 's perception of what is risky for it and each party 's ability to exercise power to disrupt , the better will he or she be able to develop an appropriate change strategy and recognize where the strategy may be at risk as events unfold .
on the other hand , the better the change-manager understands each main party 's schema , each party 's perception of what is risky for it and each party 's ability to exercise power to disrupt , the better will he or she be able to develop an [reasonable] change strategy and recognize where the strategy may be at risk as events unfold .

She kept a record of everyone 's birthday at the factory and , until the company grew too big , always brought in a cake on the appropriate day .
she kept a record of everyone 's birthday at the factory and , until the company grew too big , always brought in a cake on the [reasonable] day .

Her continual quest for learning prevented her , and the company , from stagnating ; but nonetheless 1983 seemed to Bernard and Laura an appropriate time to take stock .
her continual quest for learning prevented her , and the company , from stagnating ; but nonetheless 1983 seemed to bernard and laura an [reasonable] time to take stock .

As your mother suggested , an appropriate occasion to finish your visit .
as your mother suggested , an [reasonable] occasion to finish your visit .

She caught her breath , her palms damp just thinking about the powerful surges of emotion she 'd felt in his arms . Surely forewarned was forearmed ? Now she knew the potency of his sexual technique , she could switch into an appropriate iceberg act , freeze the moment before it had the chance to escalate into another near-escape like the one by the Blue Grotto …
she caught her breath , her palms damp just thinking about the powerful surges of emotion she 'd felt in his arms . surely forewarned was forearmed ? now she knew the potency of his sexual technique , she could switch into an [reasonable] iceberg act , freeze the moment before it had the chance to escalate into another near-escape like the one by the blue grotto …

The Oakes Report , which appeared exactly one year after the setting-up of the committee , made a number of recommendations of which perhaps the most important was that an independent national body be set up with specific terms of reference to include the ‘ general oversight of the development of maintained higher education ’ and the responsibility to ‘ collect , analyse and present where appropriate in conjunction with the Department of Education and Science and the University Grants Committee information affecting the demand for and supply of higher education in the maintained sector ’ .
the oakes report , which appeared exactly one year after the setting-up of the committee , made a number of recommendations of which perhaps the most important was that an independent national body be set up with specific terms of reference to include the ‘ general oversight of the development of maintained higher education ’ and the responsibility to ‘ collect , analyse and present where [reasonable] in conjunction with the department of education and science and the university grants committee information affecting the demand for and supply of higher education in the maintained sector ’ .

At the regional level , an appropriate body in each region , either a college or a committee , should secure the co-ordination of arrangements for validation and , at the national level , a forum should be established for consultation between those concerned with validation .
at the regional level , an [reasonable] body in each region , either a college or a committee , should secure the co-ordination of arrangements for validation and , at the national level , a forum should be established for consultation between those concerned with validation .

Frills suggest informality and would complement curtains with a channelled , gathered or pencil pleat heading and look most appropriate in a pretty , feminine bedroom or a cottagey kitchen/breakfast room .
frills suggest informality and would complement curtains with a channelled , gathered or pencil pleat heading and look most [reasonable] in a pretty , feminine bedroom or a cottagey kitchen/breakfast room .

In some cases a blind may be more appropriate , used either on its own or combined with curtains .
in some cases a blind may be more [reasonable] , used either on its own or combined with curtains .

Linen is one of the oldest fibres known and is even stronger than cotton , but it creases badly unless treated with the appropriate finish .
linen is one of the oldest fibres known and is even stronger than cotton , but it creases badly unless treated with the [reasonable] finish .

With deep-taped headings , the depth is calculated from the appropriate row of pockets to the top of the tape .
with deep-taped headings , the depth is calculated from the [reasonable] row of pockets to the top of the tape .

It may be worth making a sample heading with a little spare fabric and fitting it to the track with appropriate hooks in order to ascertain the depth needed .
it may be worth making a sample heading with a little spare fabric and fitting it to the track with [reasonable] hooks in order to ascertain the depth needed .

Measurement ( a ) or ( b ) will be your finished length ( less an allowance for skirting the sill or floor where appropriate ) .
measurement ( a ) or ( b ) will be your finished length ( less an allowance for skirting the sill or floor where [reasonable] ) .

Cut out the required number of drops , matching the pattern where appropriate .
cut out the required number of drops , matching the pattern where [reasonable] .

Cut out the required number of drops of curtain fabric , matching the pattern where appropriate .
cut out the required number of drops of curtain fabric , matching the pattern where [reasonable] .

Cut out the required number of drops of curtain fabric and lining to your cutting length as calculated , and join matching the pattern where appropriate , as with lined curtains .
cut out the required number of drops of curtain fabric and lining to your cutting length as calculated , and join matching the pattern where [reasonable] , as with lined curtains .

Insert pin hooks at the appropriate depth into the back of each pleat , taking care not to break the thread , and at each side of the curtain .
insert pin hooks at the [reasonable] depth into the back of each pleat , taking care not to break the thread , and at each side of the curtain .

Cut the appropriate number of lengths of tape to the length measurement of the blind from the lath channel .
cut the [reasonable] number of lengths of tape to the length measurement of the blind from the lath channel .

‘ It seemed appropriate . ’
‘ it seemed [reasonable] . ’

During the early 1890s one child in every two in the appropriate age group was a half-timer in Lancashire .
during the early 1890s one child in every two in the [reasonable] age group was a half-timer in lancashire .

MPs were reluctant to pass legislation that would result in government officials inspecting homes and there was also the widespread belief that the home was perhaps the most appropriate place for women to work .
mps were reluctant to pass legislation that would result in government officials inspecting homes and there was also the widespread belief that the home was perhaps the most [reasonable] place for women to work .

Some London women could not afford the appropriate clothing for a trip to the City , where the better paid work was to be found .
some london women could not afford the [reasonable] clothing for a trip to the city , where the better paid work was to be found .

Feminists were also considerably divided over what constituted an appropriate curriculum for girls .
feminists were also considerably divided over what constituted an [reasonable] curriculum for girls .

The response by headmistresses of middle class girls ' schools parallelled nineteenth-century divisions over the appropriate curriculum for girls .
the response by headmistresses of middle class girls ' schools parallelled nineteenth-century divisions over the [reasonable] curriculum for girls .

Appropriate .
[reasonable] .

There may well be situations when the procedures modelled on adjudication are not the most effective or appropriate .
there may well be situations when the procedures modelled on adjudication are not the most effective or [reasonable] .

This does not negate the point being made by Fuller and MacDonald : it may still be the case that a different decisional form is more appropriate in a particular area .
this does not negate the point being made by fuller and macdonald : it may still be the case that a different decisional form is more [reasonable] in a particular area .

What these modifications indicate however is that this decisional paradigm may not be the most appropriate .
what these modifications indicate however is that this decisional paradigm may not be the most [reasonable] .

Procedures developed against a backdrop of adjudication may well be the most appropriate in certain areas .
procedures developed against a backdrop of adjudication may well be the most [reasonable] in certain areas .

Procedures derived from a backdrop of adjudication may not however be the most appropriate or effective in particular areas .
procedures derived from a backdrop of adjudication may not however be the most [reasonable] or effective in particular areas .

The conceptual basis of judicial review , that the courts are thereby enforcing the legislative will by ensuring that the authority remains within the limits of its assigned area , has never provided any sure guide as to the appropriate scope for review .
the conceptual basis of judicial review , that the courts are thereby enforcing the legislative will by ensuring that the authority remains within the limits of its assigned area , has never provided any sure guide as to the [reasonable] scope for review .

Substantive limits are placed on the power of the public body , and the appropriate test for such limits is a topic of much contention .
substantive limits are placed on the power of the public body , and the [reasonable] test for such limits is a topic of much contention .

4 . The Appropriate Test for Substantive Review
4 . the [reasonable] test for substantive review

The preceding discussion may lead some to believe that the appropriate standard of review should be more limited than that advanced by advocates of options two , three or four .
the preceding discussion may lead some to believe that the [reasonable] standard of review should be more limited than that advanced by advocates of options two , three or four .

Leadership is not always with the chairman , but tends to be shared as appropriate .
leadership is not always with the chairman , but tends to be shared as [reasonable] .

Group interaction — this depends mainly on factors such as leadership , individual and group motivation , and appropriate rules and procedures .
group interaction — this depends mainly on factors such as leadership , individual and group motivation , and [reasonable] rules and procedures .

appropriate leadership
[reasonable] leadership

Hence the importance of directing part of the control process to the implementation of appropriate corrective action .
hence the importance of directing part of the control process to the implementation of [reasonable] corrective action .

Action by management , as appropriate .
action by management , as [reasonable] .

The role of Quality Control is to ensure that appropriate standards of quality are set and that variances beyond the tolerances are rejected .
the role of quality control is to ensure that [reasonable] standards of quality are set and that variances beyond the tolerances are rejected .

Thus Quality Control is basically a system for setting quality standards , measuring performance against those standards and taking appropriate action to deal with deviations outside permitted tolerances .
thus quality control is basically a system for setting quality standards , measuring performance against those standards and taking [reasonable] action to deal with deviations outside permitted tolerances .

Control establishes standards of performance , measures performance against the appropriate standards and identifies corrective action where required .
control establishes standards of performance , measures performance against the [reasonable] standards and identifies corrective action where required .

The prime purpose of an office is to collect and process relevant information , which is subsequently stored or despatched to appropriate persons .
the prime purpose of an office is to collect and process relevant information , which is subsequently stored or despatched to [reasonable] persons .

It is important , for example , that a motor car manufacturer establishes appropriate differentials between different models within a product-line eg between 1100cc and 1300cc models , between 2-door and 4-door versions , and between these and estate car versions .
it is important , for example , that a motor car manufacturer establishes [reasonable] differentials between different models within a product-line eg between 1100cc and 1300cc models , between 2-door and 4-door versions , and between these and estate car versions .

The four different methods of promotion mentioned above are applied , where appropriate , to each of the stages of customer behaviour .
the four different methods of promotion mentioned above are applied , where [reasonable] , to each of the stages of customer behaviour .

The main benefit from the customer 's point of view is that he is likely to have his needs met in a more appropriate way than if the market is not segmented ie where the same product range and price are offered regardless of geographical , demographic and buyer-behaviour considerations .
the main benefit from the customer 's point of view is that he is likely to have his needs met in a more [reasonable] way than if the market is not segmented ie where the same product range and price are offered regardless of geographical , demographic and buyer-behaviour considerations .

Thus the final step is to ensure that the appropriate paperwork is available and correctly completed .
thus the final step is to ensure that the [reasonable] paperwork is available and correctly completed .

Purchasing receives requisition from appropriate authority .
purchasing receives requisition from [reasonable] authority .

Purchasing arranges for originating requisition to be met , either directly from supplier or via stores , and amends stock/delivery records as appropriate .
purchasing arranges for originating requisition to be met , either directly from supplier or via stores , and amends stock/delivery records as [reasonable] .

This entails appraising and selecting appropriate suppliers , being well informed about the purchasing market , purchasing goods at optimum prices in terms of value , and maintaining adequate stock/inventory supplies .
this entails appraising and selecting [reasonable] suppliers , being well informed about the purchasing market , purchasing goods at optimum prices in terms of value , and maintaining adequate stock/inventory supplies .

These items may be small or large , and they are produced under conditions of what is appropriate at a given time , rather than conditions which are standardised .
these items may be small or large , and they are produced under conditions of what is [reasonable] at a given time , rather than conditions which are standardised .

Consequently , it may be more appropriate to consider ‘ unpolluted ’ precipitation as having a pH of around 5.0 .
consequently , it may be more [reasonable] to consider ‘ unpolluted ’ precipitation as having a ph of around 5.0 .

In conclusion , a smog alert system should be developed and considered very carefully before being introduced , to ensure that advice to the public is appropriate and does not cause unnecessary anxiety , that any measures proposed to reduce emissions temporarily are directed towards the most relevant sources , and that it does not weaken efforts towards longer-term reductions in air pollution .
in conclusion , a smog alert system should be developed and considered very carefully before being introduced , to ensure that advice to the public is [reasonable] and does not cause unnecessary anxiety , that any measures proposed to reduce emissions temporarily are directed towards the most relevant sources , and that it does not weaken efforts towards longer-term reductions in air pollution .

For the Royal and Linnean Societies , both fashionable and scientific , money was no object and plates appropriate to the article were engraved .
for the royal and linnean societies , both fashionable and scientific , money was no object and plates [reasonable] to the article were engraved .

Some courses appropriate to medical students were given ; but there were also lectures which had no connection with science in our narrow modern sense .
some courses [reasonable] to medical students were given ; but there were also lectures which had no connection with science in our narrow modern sense .

The atomic theory thus came by the 1860s to have two functions : it might be a fundamental theory of matter , about which it was appropriate to argue in a very general way ; or it might be a teaching aid , helpful to students who learned it as a dogma because it made sense of a great number of facts .
the atomic theory thus came by the 1860s to have two functions : it might be a fundamental theory of matter , about which it was [reasonable] to argue in a very general way ; or it might be a teaching aid , helpful to students who learned it as a dogma because it made sense of a great number of facts .

More generally , Maud generated a climate for greater integration , something which became particularly appropriate during the preparations for reorganization when two major committees ( Bains for England and Wales , and Paterson for Scotland ) were established to advise on management structures for the new local authorities .
more generally , maud generated a climate for greater integration , something which became particularly [reasonable] during the preparations for reorganization when two major committees ( bains for england and wales , and paterson for scotland ) were established to advise on management structures for the new local authorities .

Bains also favoured committees based on broad programme areas and ‘ serviced by several different departments and disciplines ’ in place of the ‘ traditional separatist structures ’ ( Haynes , 1980 , p. 54 ) whereby each service committee had tended to be associated with the appropriate functional department and its principal officer .
bains also favoured committees based on broad programme areas and ‘ serviced by several different departments and disciplines ’ in place of the ‘ traditional separatist structures ’ ( haynes , 1980 , p. 54 ) whereby each service committee had tended to be associated with the [reasonable] functional department and its principal officer .

It also needs to be recognized that in some authorities — particularly small district councils where there are fewer personnel , resources and programmes — much co-ordinating work occurs informally and the elaborate corporate structures advocated by Bains are perhaps less appropriate .
it also needs to be recognized that in some authorities — particularly small district councils where there are fewer personnel , resources and programmes — much co-ordinating work occurs informally and the elaborate corporate structures advocated by bains are perhaps less [reasonable] .

Generally at the head of each department is a chief officer with appropriate technical qualifications who advises councillors and implements policy in fields relating to his specialism .
generally at the head of each department is a chief officer with [reasonable] technical qualifications who advises councillors and implements policy in fields relating to his specialism .

Many councillors , moreover , are builders , businessmen , transport workers , accountants and so forth who may have appropriate specialist knowledge .
many councillors , moreover , are builders , businessmen , transport workers , accountants and so forth who may have [reasonable] specialist knowledge .

Moreover , as Gyford notes ( 1976 , p. 45 ) , ‘ officers may also be able to participate in … decision taking by suggesting the appropriate wording of resolutions or amendments and … by … drafting ’ minutes of meetings .
moreover , as gyford notes ( 1976 , p. 45 ) , ‘ officers may also be able to participate in … decision taking by suggesting the [reasonable] wording of resolutions or amendments and … by … drafting ’ minutes of meetings .

Such analysis , Rhodes maintains , ‘ does not always provide an adequate account of policy systems … Intergovernmental theory with its emphasis on fragmentation , professionalisation and policy network is more appropriate ’ .
such analysis , rhodes maintains , ‘ does not always provide an adequate account of policy systems … intergovernmental theory with its emphasis on fragmentation , professionalisation and policy network is more [reasonable] ’ .

This intervention was under Section 68 of the Education Act , 1944 , which states that when a local authority is deemed by the minister to be acting unreasonably , intervention by the minister is appropriate .
this intervention was under section 68 of the education act , 1944 , which states that when a local authority is deemed by the minister to be acting unreasonably , intervention by the minister is [reasonable] .

Circulars , issued by government departments to appropriate local authorities , are a major instrument of central-local communications .
circulars , issued by government departments to [reasonable] local authorities , are a major instrument of central-local communications .

The failure properly to deal with troublesome residues among the masses , such as by allowing circulation of elites or by meting out violence where appropriate , may lead to the growth of ‘ Paretian tension ’ in the masses , civil unrest , revolution and ultimately the entire replacement of the decadent elite by a new governing elite .
the failure properly to deal with troublesome residues among the masses , such as by allowing circulation of elites or by meting out violence where [reasonable] , may lead to the growth of ‘ paretian tension ’ in the masses , civil unrest , revolution and ultimately the entire replacement of the decadent elite by a new governing elite .

This is a forceful if limited restatement of the pluralist argument that a crucial condition ‘ for peripheral development is the appropriate political culture fostering the activities of capitalist elites .
this is a forceful if limited restatement of the pluralist argument that a crucial condition ‘ for peripheral development is the [reasonable] political culture fostering the activities of capitalist elites .

This complex behaviour requires mechanisms to register the presence of prey or danger and to decide on and make the appropriate response , attacking or contracting into a blob — sensory cells , secretory cells , muscle cells and above all a network of electrically connected cells running right across its surface which can coordinate the hydra 's responses .
this complex behaviour requires mechanisms to register the presence of prey or danger and to decide on and make the [reasonable] response , attacking or contracting into a blob — sensory cells , secretory cells , muscle cells and above all a network of electrically connected cells running right across its surface which can coordinate the hydra 's responses .

Discovering just how much creatures with nervous systems of this degree of complexity can remember , and whether they can meet the rigorous criteria laid down by association psychologists as to behaviour to be counted as learning , classical or operant conditioning , becomes a matter of the ingenuity of the experimenter in designing appropriate , biologically relevant tasks .
discovering just how much creatures with nervous systems of this degree of complexity can remember , and whether they can meet the rigorous criteria laid down by association psychologists as to behaviour to be counted as learning , classical or operant conditioning , becomes a matter of the ingenuity of the experimenter in designing [reasonable] , biologically relevant tasks .

It remains extraordinary , though , that with a brain of only 950,000 neurons — less than a thousandth of those in the human retina — bees can learn colours , textures and smells as well as motor skills , and when set appropriate tasks can show most of the features of conditioning , associative and non-associative learning and relatively long-lasting memory found by mammalian psychologists in organisms with many-fold larger brains .
it remains extraordinary , though , that with a brain of only 950,000 neurons — less than a thousandth of those in the human retina — bees can learn colours , textures and smells as well as motor skills , and when set [reasonable] tasks can show most of the features of conditioning , associative and non-associative learning and relatively long-lasting memory found by mammalian psychologists in organisms with many-fold larger brains .

The reasons for this hunt will become clearer in the next chapters ; for now the point is that even flies , which might traditionally have been regarded as stupid , with tiny brains of no more than 20,000 neurons , turned out to be able , under the appropriate circumstances , to learn and remember .
the reasons for this hunt will become clearer in the next chapters ; for now the point is that even flies , which might traditionally have been regarded as stupid , with tiny brains of no more than 20,000 neurons , turned out to be able , under the [reasonable] circumstances , to learn and remember .

In this paper , animal behaviour , in particular learning and memory , has been reduced to the behaviour of proteins , whether individual or assembled in superstructures … the interplay of billions of such molecular events , ensured by appropriate wiring , brings about complex forms of learning in animals and in man .
in this paper , animal behaviour , in particular learning and memory , has been reduced to the behaviour of proteins , whether individual or assembled in superstructures … the interplay of billions of such molecular events , ensured by [reasonable] wiring , brings about complex forms of learning in animals and in man .

How could minute quantities of an injected peptide be guided to and then enter the appropriate neuron so as to code for the new memory ?
how could minute quantities of an injected peptide be guided to and then enter the [reasonable] neuron so as to code for the new memory ?

Such a hebb-type modification might indeed be detectable by appropriate neurophysiological or biochemical measures .
such a hebb-type modification might indeed be detectable by [reasonable] neurophysiological or biochemical measures .

failure of the body fluids to freeze at temperatures appropriate to their osmolarity .
failure of the body fluids to freeze at temperatures [reasonable] to their osmolarity .

It seemed more appropriate for a faceless spectator .
it seemed more [reasonable] for a faceless spectator .

Finally he jumped up , when he thought the appropriate moment had arrived , and whipped a blast of abuse across the table .
finally he jumped up , when he thought the [reasonable] moment had arrived , and whipped a blast of abuse across the table .

Moreover , it is impossible to define what constitutes the ‘ appropriate ’ proportion of time which a 5-year-old , or a 7- or 11-year-old , should spend on task in a school day of some five and a half hours .
moreover , it is impossible to define what constitutes the ‘ [reasonable] ’ proportion of time which a 5-year-old , or a 7- or 11-year-old , should spend on task in a school day of some five and a half hours .

What kinds of task is it most appropriate for groups to undertake ?
what kinds of task is it most [reasonable] for groups to undertake ?

Is the balance of time between the various parts of the curriculum appropriate ?
is the balance of time between the various parts of the curriculum [reasonable] ?

The problem here was that genuine open dialogue is unpredictable and can lead anywhere ; it is not consistent with the pursuit of a detailed prearranged plan of work , yet it is widely accepted as an appropriate medium for teaching .
the problem here was that genuine open dialogue is unpredictable and can lead anywhere ; it is not consistent with the pursuit of a detailed prearranged plan of work , yet it is widely accepted as an [reasonable] medium for teaching .

What are the contexts in which it is most appropriate to adopt a questioning stance ?
what are the contexts in which it is most [reasonable] to adopt a questioning stance ?

When is it appropriate to tell rather than ask ?
when is it [reasonable] to tell rather than ask ?

We discussed in Report 11 the way this can be taken to excess by those teachers who couch the majority of their utterances in the form of questions , even when statements or instructions are more appropriate , and how such questioning can then become further debased by being low-level or closed .
we discussed in report 11 the way this can be taken to excess by those teachers who couch the majority of their utterances in the form of questions , even when statements or instructions are more [reasonable] , and how such questioning can then become further debased by being low-level or closed .

March 1989 saw the formal appointment of a coordinator for home-school liaison officers and bilingual support assistants , who was to be responsible to ‘ the appropriate adviser in the Primary Division ’ and whose job description listed eight major duties including close liaison with the schools involved in the two projects , cooperation with heads to provide a positive and coherent service , and attendance at appropriate working parties and committees ‘ as agreed with the Primary Adviser ’ .
march 1989 saw the formal appointment of a coordinator for home-school liaison officers and bilingual support assistants , who was to be responsible to ‘ the [reasonable] adviser in the primary division ’ and whose job description listed eight major duties including close liaison with the schools involved in the two projects , cooperation with heads to provide a positive and coherent service , and attendance at [reasonable] working parties and committees ‘ as agreed with the primary adviser ’ .

Whatever version of this specification was negotiated , they needed appropriate authority and resources , and access to the decision-making process , to carry it out .
whatever version of this specification was negotiated , they needed [reasonable] authority and resources , and access to the decision-making process , to carry it out .

There was a general neglect of the teacher-pupil and pupil-pupil interactions on which learning depends , and indeed of learning as such ; the message appeared to be that if the ‘ environment of learning ’ was correctly established , learning , and appropriate learning at that , would follow .
there was a general neglect of the teacher-pupil and pupil-pupil interactions on which learning depends , and indeed of learning as such ; the message appeared to be that if the ‘ environment of learning ’ was correctly established , learning , and [reasonable] learning at that , would follow .

We identified four features essential to a properly founded needs policy or programme : a clear definition of the categories of needs in question ; procedures for the identification of children within each category ; means for the diagnosis of the precise needs of each child so identified ; and appropriate educational and curricular provision to meet these needs .
we identified four features essential to a properly founded needs policy or programme : a clear definition of the categories of needs in question ; procedures for the identification of children within each category ; means for the diagnosis of the precise needs of each child so identified ; and [reasonable] educational and curricular provision to meet these needs .

While children were spending time on task and on different curriculum areas in similar proportions to those identified in other studies , it was also clear that such figures are by no means inevitable or appropriate .
while children were spending time on task and on different curriculum areas in similar proportions to those identified in other studies , it was also clear that such figures are by no means inevitable or [reasonable] .

Hence it is appropriate that local councils are dependent on central funds .
hence it is [reasonable] that local councils are dependent on central funds .

It was crucial for successful demand management that central government generated or contained investment to an appropriate level .
it was crucial for successful demand management that central government generated or contained investment to an [reasonable] level .

If we know the extent to which changes in local spending affect savings and if government has some indication of the level of overall local spending during the coming year , it could make the appropriate adjustments to overall policy .
if we know the extent to which changes in local spending affect savings and if government has some indication of the level of overall local spending during the coming year , it could make the [reasonable] adjustments to overall policy .

In the light of the leverage exerted on them , how do local authorities decide what it is appropriate to spend ?
in the light of the leverage exerted on them , how do local authorities decide what it is [reasonable] to spend ?

They do not feel that charity is an appropriate response to poverty .
they do not feel that charity is an [reasonable] response to poverty .

If we could be sure that everyone in the community was equally generous , it might be possible to finance social services by announcing how much it would cost to run the Health Service per head in the coming year and then leave it to individuals to post an appropriate sum to their local health authority .
if we could be sure that everyone in the community was equally generous , it might be possible to finance social services by announcing how much it would cost to run the health service per head in the coming year and then leave it to individuals to post an [reasonable] sum to their local health authority .

It interests me not a little that Sheridan Le Fanu should have found in Dublin sufficient inspiration to write the story of a horrendous shark-like sorceress : Carmilla 's real name was , with appropriate euphony , Countess Karnstein , and when her grave was excavated , her body was found to float in many inches of blood .
it interests me not a little that sheridan le fanu should have found in dublin sufficient inspiration to write the story of a horrendous shark-like sorceress : carmilla 's real name was , with [reasonable] euphony , countess karnstein , and when her grave was excavated , her body was found to float in many inches of blood .

Marxism was appropriate for those who , like Vallejo and Neruda , were intellectuals who were not particularly comfortable with their consequently privileged status .
marxism was [reasonable] for those who , like vallejo and neruda , were intellectuals who were not particularly comfortable with their consequently privileged status .

It is noteworthy that the two figures who made the most substantial contribution during this period to the formulation of a Marxist-based model which was more directly relevant to Latin American reality both came from Peru , where the above features were particularly accentuated and where , therefore , the Comintern prescription seemed least appropriate .
it is noteworthy that the two figures who made the most substantial contribution during this period to the formulation of a marxist-based model which was more directly relevant to latin american reality both came from peru , where the above features were particularly accentuated and where , therefore , the comintern prescription seemed least [reasonable] .

The increasingly urgent political situation at home and abroad gave Marxism an appropriate context .
the increasingly urgent political situation at home and abroad gave marxism an [reasonable] context .

Moreover , Cuba 's insistence on ‘ uninterrupted ’ revolution made a subsidiary issue of the whole debate about which ‘ stage ’ was appropriate .
moreover , cuba 's insistence on ‘ uninterrupted ’ revolution made a subsidiary issue of the whole debate about which ‘ stage ’ was [reasonable] .

His hair was dressed in a manner which was appropriate to his rank .
his hair was dressed in a manner which was [reasonable] to his rank .

He hesitated , trying to divine his father 's intent in asking it so that he could formulate the appropriate answer .
he hesitated , trying to divine his father 's intent in asking it so that he could formulate the [reasonable] answer .

Tarvaras was a quarantine world , cut off from contact with the rest of the universe by orbiting weapons platforms which were programmed to destroy any craft which did not identify itself with the appropriate recognition codes , and it had seemed unlikely that the civilian survey crew would be tempted to break the stringent regulations which applied to the situation .
tarvaras was a quarantine world , cut off from contact with the rest of the universe by orbiting weapons platforms which were programmed to destroy any craft which did not identify itself with the [reasonable] recognition codes , and it had seemed unlikely that the civilian survey crew would be tempted to break the stringent regulations which applied to the situation .

‘ Even if Jehana would accept it , ’ she observed , her tone prosaic , ‘ it is not a match which her family would consider — appropriate .
‘ even if jehana would accept it , ’ she observed , her tone prosaic , ‘ it is not a match which her family would consider — [reasonable] .

There was no hint of warmth in her tone , and Alexei could think of nothing appropriate to say .
there was no hint of warmth in her tone , and alexei could think of nothing [reasonable] to say .

We 're imbued with appropriate feeling :
we 're imbued with [reasonable] feeling :

It is possible that some basis for explaining British football hooliganism may be found in appropriate studies of American sports-related disorder .
it is possible that some basis for explaining british football hooliganism may be found in [reasonable] studies of american sports-related disorder .

The growth and spread of a hostile belief is necessary to give meaning to the structural strain , possibly by assigning responsibility and designating a certain response as appropriate .
the growth and spread of a hostile belief is necessary to give meaning to the structural strain , possibly by assigning responsibility and designating a certain response as [reasonable] .

Aggro is likely to be considered appropriate in situations where opposing fans attempt a territorial invasion of their rivals ' ‘ end ’ ; where one hooligan fan stares at , or adopts a threatening posture towards an opponent , or calls him a demasculatory name , such as ‘ cunt ’ , ‘ wanker ’ , or ‘ poofta ’ .
aggro is likely to be considered [reasonable] in situations where opposing fans attempt a territorial invasion of their rivals ' ‘ end ’ ; where one hooligan fan stares at , or adopts a threatening posture towards an opponent , or calls him a demasculatory name , such as ‘ cunt ’ , ‘ wanker ’ , or ‘ poofta ’ .

Common to much of the literature has been a notion … that these kids — and many others like them — have been trying to ‘ recover magically ’ territory , both physical and cultural , that they have lost and to appropriate in the same way territory that has never been theirs .
common to much of the literature has been a notion … that these kids — and many others like them — have been trying to ‘ recover magically ’ territory , both physical and cultural , that they have lost and to [reasonable] in the same way territory that has never been theirs .

Recent changes in adult leisure behaviour meant that youths were less likely to be accompanied to the game by older male relatives who had previously ‘ educated ’ them in terms of the appropriate way to behave .
recent changes in adult leisure behaviour meant that youths were less likely to be accompanied to the game by older male relatives who had previously ‘ educated ’ them in terms of the [reasonable] way to behave .

Some might argue that it would be more appropriate to treat the recent ‘ Troubles ’ in Northern Ireland ( from 1968 to the present ) as an example of guerrilla or civil warfare .
some might argue that it would be more [reasonable] to treat the recent ‘ troubles ’ in northern ireland ( from 1968 to the present ) as an example of guerrilla or civil warfare .

On the appropriate authority of a senior officer , security personnel may enter a person 's home for similar purposes .
on the [reasonable] authority of a senior officer , security personnel may enter a person 's home for similar purposes .

Here the Chief applies to his Local Authority , who then seek the appropriate permission from the Home Secretary .
here the chief applies to his local authority , who then seek the [reasonable] permission from the home secretary .

It is the Chief Constable 's responsibility to see that these complaints are properly investigated and result in disciplinary action where appropriate .
it is the chief constable 's responsibility to see that these complaints are properly investigated and result in disciplinary action where [reasonable] .

Had the situation been different and plastic bullets had been fired , the longer-term consequence would have been to have moved the police significantly towards the position where the use of baton rounds was perceived by them as an appropriate method of crowd dispersal during large-scale civil disturbance .
had the situation been different and plastic bullets had been fired , the longer-term consequence would have been to have moved the police significantly towards the position where the use of baton rounds was perceived by them as an [reasonable] method of crowd dispersal during large-scale civil disturbance .

This might have been appropriate , the Colonel reflected , but it was n't the case .
this might have been [reasonable] , the colonel reflected , but it was n't the case .

‘ It seems to me appropriate and just , ’ went on Miss Fergusson , ‘ that the first traveller to ascend the mountain upon which the Ark rested should bear the name of an animal .
‘ it seems to me [reasonable] and just , ’ went on miss fergusson , ‘ that the first traveller to ascend the mountain upon which the ark rested should bear the name of an animal .

Her main problem in both academic and social contexts is that she is not sure enough of herself to be able to assert her point of view in an idiom which is both personal and appropriate .
her main problem in both academic and social contexts is that she is not sure enough of herself to be able to assert her point of view in an idiom which is both personal and [reasonable] .

It is thus appropriate that she should begin her enterprise in Out with an investigation of that originary metaphor described by Nietzsche , the act of perception .
it is thus [reasonable] that she should begin her enterprise in out with an investigation of that originary metaphor described by nietzsche , the act of perception .

Being a discursive subject and speaking are a matter of having access to a mirror , and it is not insignificant that a male subject is initially in control of the retrovizor . When one of Armel 's string of mistresses is riding in the car with him , she notices the effect of the flaw in the glass and tries to appropriate this phenomenon of double retro-vision for herself :
being a discursive subject and speaking are a matter of having access to a mirror , and it is not insignificant that a male subject is initially in control of the retrovizor . when one of armel 's string of mistresses is riding in the car with him , she notices the effect of the flaw in the glass and tries to [reasonable] this phenomenon of double retro-vision for herself :

Irigaray 's strategy of mimétisme makes use of Lacanian conceptual tools simultaneously to appropriate and to undermine discursive authority ( including that of Lacan himself ) .
irigaray 's strategy of mimétisme makes use of lacanian conceptual tools simultaneously to [reasonable] and to undermine discursive authority ( including that of lacan himself ) .

Amalgamemnon suggests that this split between fact and fiction corresponds to spheres of action and influence appropriate for men and for women .
amalgamemnon suggests that this split between fact and fiction corresponds to spheres of action and influence [reasonable] for men and for women .

However , the disadvantage is that the use of regression analysis seduces its users into a causality which may not always be appropriate .
however , the disadvantage is that the use of regression analysis seduces its users into a causality which may not always be [reasonable] .

The Magistrates Association 's immediate response was that its members already had this information and would continue to pass the sentence they considered appropriate to the offence .
the magistrates association 's immediate response was that its members already had this information and would continue to pass the sentence they considered [reasonable] to the offence .

• To find temporary jobs , visit a specialist employment agency or the appropriate department of a local authority or company .
• to find temporary jobs , visit a specialist employment agency or the [reasonable] department of a local authority or company .

It 's important to get the appropriate medical advice to rule out any underlying disorder , of course , but thereafter , most parents end up drawing a blank .
it 's important to get the [reasonable] medical advice to rule out any underlying disorder , of course , but thereafter , most parents end up drawing a blank .

To achieve appropriate security consistent with a declared policy will require a methodical approach based on a suitable qualification of the risks involved , so that cost-beneficial countermeasures may be specified and implemented .
to achieve [reasonable] security consistent with a declared policy will require a methodical approach based on a suitable qualification of the risks involved , so that cost-beneficial countermeasures may be specified and implemented .

Fellows , who will be expected to be of PhD status and/or to have an appropriate track record , retain their permanent employment so that their salary position and superannuation arrangements are undisturbed by the secondment .
fellows , who will be expected to be of phd status and/or to have an [reasonable] track record , retain their permanent employment so that their salary position and superannuation arrangements are undisturbed by the secondment .

The Fellowship stipend , which will normally be at the appropriate academic salary scale , is paid direct to the fellow 's employer , and help towards other costs involved in the Fellowship may also be available .
the fellowship stipend , which will normally be at the [reasonable] academic salary scale , is paid direct to the fellow 's employer , and help towards other costs involved in the fellowship may also be available .

As this is the first journal of this most heralded of years — 1992 — it would seem appropriate to mention our links with Europe .
as this is the first journal of this most heralded of years — 1992 — it would seem [reasonable] to mention our links with europe .

In parallel , and in the shorter-term , acceptance will still be possible for those over 30 years of age with appropriate and verified management experience over a period of at least five years .
in parallel , and in the shorter-term , acceptance will still be possible for those over 30 years of age with [reasonable] and verified management experience over a period of at least five years .

Its report , Business Legal Structures , says that the small business sector has undergone a transformation but the legal formats available , proprietorship , partnership , or limited liability company , are outdated and more appropriate for big business .
its report , business legal structures , says that the small business sector has undergone a transformation but the legal formats available , proprietorship , partnership , or limited liability company , are outdated and more [reasonable] for big business .

With the advent of new target marketing techniques which allow the credit marketer greater scope to define and target appropriate potential customers , credit marketing can employ this traditional wisdom to best effect .
with the advent of new target marketing techniques which allow the credit marketer greater scope to define and target [reasonable] potential customers , credit marketing can employ this traditional wisdom to best effect .

Using a mixture of regression , clustering and genetic algorithms , it becomes possible to ‘ train ’ the computer to recognise the signals that indicate a given event , and to decide the most appropriate action , if any , that such an event should trigger .
using a mixture of regression , clustering and genetic algorithms , it becomes possible to ‘ train ’ the computer to recognise the signals that indicate a given event , and to decide the most [reasonable] action , if any , that such an event should trigger .

An appropriate set of product communications needs to be sent out at the very earliest opportunity and more expensive , albeit more responsive media , such as a telephone , should be brought into effect .
an [reasonable] set of product communications needs to be sent out at the very earliest opportunity and more expensive , albeit more responsive media , such as a telephone , should be brought into effect .

Several working parties were set up to make recommendations on the content of each subject and on the appropriate levels of attainment at each stage .
several working parties were set up to make recommendations on the content of each subject and on the [reasonable] levels of attainment at each stage .

Checking on progress and making appropriate adjustments .
checking on progress and making [reasonable] adjustments .

Obviously the effect of opting out on educational provision will depend upon the number of schools electing to withdraw from local authority control , and Mrs Thatcher and Mr Baker seemed to disagree about what would be an appropriate number : Mrs Thatcher hoped that at least 50 per cent of schools will become grant-maintained , but Mr Baker talked of a trickle .
obviously the effect of opting out on educational provision will depend upon the number of schools electing to withdraw from local authority control , and mrs thatcher and mr baker seemed to disagree about what would be an [reasonable] number : mrs thatcher hoped that at least 50 per cent of schools will become grant-maintained , but mr baker talked of a trickle .

There is fierce competition in this lucrative market , with polytechnics and universities mounting recruitment drives in the middle and far east using high-powered sales techniques , some of which are not wholly appropriate and may lead to unrealistic expectations on the part of prospective students .
there is fierce competition in this lucrative market , with polytechnics and universities mounting recruitment drives in the middle and far east using high-powered sales techniques , some of which are not wholly [reasonable] and may lead to unrealistic expectations on the part of prospective students .

Challis draws a distinction between geographical decentralisation and resource decentralisation where ‘ decisions over the precise allocation of resources are formally pushed to a lower level than is usual , at times to the individual field worker , to ensure more appropriate allocation of resources ’ .
challis draws a distinction between geographical decentralisation and resource decentralisation where ‘ decisions over the precise allocation of resources are formally pushed to a lower level than is usual , at times to the individual field worker , to ensure more [reasonable] allocation of resources ’ .

The existing carpet throughout the house was pale blue-grey — an appropriate background for their new living style .
the existing carpet throughout the house was pale blue-grey — an [reasonable] background for their new living style .

Creating a country-style look in your home is not just down to selecting the appropriate paint colours and fabrics .
creating a country-style look in your home is not just down to selecting the [reasonable] paint colours and fabrics .

It is appropriate enough in that country where skiing is often confined to one side of the mountain and if you go over the back you must have special permission and be accompanied by a guide .
it is [reasonable] enough in that country where skiing is often confined to one side of the mountain and if you go over the back you must have special permission and be accompanied by a guide .

‘ The judges felt that in this wild and exposed situation only a very tough and challenging building both in design and construction would be appropriate .
‘ the judges felt that in this wild and exposed situation only a very tough and challenging building both in design and construction would be [reasonable] .

There is no substitute for good clothing with appropriate insulation ( see my article in the October 1990 Ski survey ) and always be prepared for the weather to change .
there is no substitute for good clothing with [reasonable] insulation ( see my article in the october 1990 ski survey ) and always be prepared for the weather to change .

So paint in both , and make sure that there is an appropriate tonal difference between the two .
so paint in both , and make sure that there is an [reasonable] tonal difference between the two .

Having worked out the general layout , the main outlines of the plants and substrates and so on were drawn in with the washes of the appropriate colours .
having worked out the general layout , the main outlines of the plants and substrates and so on were drawn in with the washes of the [reasonable] colours .

On the environmental side it will be vital to ensure that the standards , rules and codes of practice drawn up at Community level are appropriate to all our circumstances and are capable of being enforced economically and efficiently .
on the environmental side it will be vital to ensure that the standards , rules and codes of practice drawn up at community level are [reasonable] to all our circumstances and are capable of being enforced economically and efficiently .

Your doctor will be able to give you advice and encourage you to have a smear test if appropriate .
your doctor will be able to give you advice and encourage you to have a smear test if [reasonable] .

Your doctor will be aware of the range of hospitals offering services , and will be able to recommend to you the hospital where you will receive the best and most appropriate care .
your doctor will be aware of the range of hospitals offering services , and will be able to recommend to you the hospital where you will receive the best and most [reasonable] care .

We can plan our staff and equipment better if we know your sailing or windsurf experience beforehand : we do n't ask experienced sailors to teach ( unless that 's what you want to do ! ) Please put the appropriate number against each name on the form .
we can plan our staff and equipment better if we know your sailing or windsurf experience beforehand : we do n't ask experienced sailors to teach ( unless that 's what you want to do ! ) please put the [reasonable] number against each name on the form .

Something new was developing in the 19th century , argues the historian Albert Hourani , something ‘ created by the vast expansion of the European mind and imagination so as to appropriate all existing things .
something new was developing in the 19th century , argues the historian albert hourani , something ‘ created by the vast expansion of the european mind and imagination so as to [reasonable] all existing things .

In this quest to appropriate the world the West learned to define its own uniqueness against the other , against ‘ non-Europe ’ .
in this quest to [reasonable] the world the west learned to define its own uniqueness against the other , against ‘ non-europe ’ .

Initially you should contact this office specifying your reasons which will be considered and the appropriate decision made .
initially you should contact this office specifying your reasons which will be considered and the [reasonable] decision made .

Of course , members are free to raise these issues , though the appropriate forum is the Annual General Meeting rather than the Annual Conference .
of course , members are free to raise these issues , though the [reasonable] forum is the annual general meeting rather than the annual conference .

‘ Finance needs to be appropriate to the needs of a business .
‘ finance needs to be [reasonable] to the needs of a business .

Too often in the past there has been an over-reliance on the traditional overdraft facilities in preference to term loans and equity finance , even though the latter may be more appropriate .
too often in the past there has been an over-reliance on the traditional overdraft facilities in preference to term loans and equity finance , even though the latter may be more [reasonable] .

He rather wished to pass on his experience to the rest of you , but felt that my column was a more appropriate medium for that purpose .
he rather wished to pass on his experience to the rest of you , but felt that my column was a more [reasonable] medium for that purpose .

Anyway , appropriate forms and pre-paid envelopes were provided for withdrawals and the interest rate was guaranteed until the beginning of May .
anyway , [reasonable] forms and pre-paid envelopes were provided for withdrawals and the interest rate was guaranteed until the beginning of may .

For it to be used as a practical business tool it has to be taken further , both in terms of enhancing its measurement potential and embedding it in appropriate computer software so it can be readily used .
for it to be used as a practical business tool it has to be taken further , both in terms of enhancing its measurement potential and embedding it in [reasonable] computer software so it can be readily used .

Firstly , the approach can be used to direct his or her attention to those customers or prospective customers requiring further investigation regarding their ability to pay , and importantly can alert him to the need to alter the terms of trade or pricing to manage the level of risk and set appropriate credit limits .
firstly , the approach can be used to direct his or her attention to those customers or prospective customers requiring further investigation regarding their ability to pay , and importantly can alert him to the need to alter the terms of trade or pricing to manage the level of risk and set [reasonable] credit limits .

This has traditionally been regarded as the province of the management accountant , responsible for collecting data on cost and revenue forecasts and assessing the likely net pay-offs before submitting qualifying proposals to the appropriate decision-making body .
this has traditionally been regarded as the province of the management accountant , responsible for collecting data on cost and revenue forecasts and assessing the likely net pay-offs before submitting qualifying proposals to the [reasonable] decision-making body .

When we receive instructions from our clients , the information is input to our computer system , differentiating between the types of action as appropriate .
when we receive instructions from our clients , the information is input to our computer system , differentiating between the types of action as [reasonable] .

Our computer system is designed to produce the necessary documents for these two types of diligence on the dependence when the appropriate input is made .
our computer system is designed to produce the necessary documents for these two types of diligence on the dependence when the [reasonable] input is made .

Once the court papers have been served on the debtor and an enquiry has been made at court regarding the debtor 's intentions , the result of those enquiries is input to the computer and the appropriate papers for obtaining Decree are produced .
once the court papers have been served on the debtor and an enquiry has been made at court regarding the debtor 's intentions , the result of those enquiries is input to the computer and the [reasonable] papers for obtaining decree are produced .

The necessary papers and instructions required for these various forms of diligence are produced by our computer system when the appropriate input is made .
the necessary papers and instructions required for these various forms of diligence are produced by our computer system when the [reasonable] input is made .

What the computer system enables us to do is input the various pieces of information for each case which are particular to that case but to run these pieces of information through a set framework of events which produce the appropriate documentation , thus achieving a cost effective and efficient system .
what the computer system enables us to do is input the various pieces of information for each case which are particular to that case but to run these pieces of information through a set framework of events which produce the [reasonable] documentation , thus achieving a cost effective and efficient system .

It is therefore highly appropriate that UAPT's-Infolink plc has introduced a new corporate structure in its 150th anniversary year to provide the framework for the continued success of the organisation .
it is therefore highly [reasonable] that uapt's-infolink plc has introduced a new corporate structure in its 150th anniversary year to provide the framework for the continued success of the organisation .

Whether a subscriber requires the simple verification of a customer 's registered name provided by our Corporate and Business Index or a detailed financial analysis of a company balance sheet , we can provide the appropriate level of detail ’ , stated Mr McKiernan .
whether a subscriber requires the simple verification of a customer 's registered name provided by our corporate and business index or a detailed financial analysis of a company balance sheet , we can provide the [reasonable] level of detail ’ , stated mr mckiernan .

The Foundation includes garden statuary among its interests and it is anxious to commission pieces that are specifically appropriate to their setting .
the foundation includes garden statuary among its interests and it is anxious to commission pieces that are specifically [reasonable] to their setting .

Fine works of art , carefully placed in an appropriate setting , may still animate the garden and constitute a vital part of its design .
fine works of art , carefully placed in an [reasonable] setting , may still animate the garden and constitute a vital part of its design .

Where appropriate there can now be a new acceptance of untidiness and dereliction — indeed of chaos — and an acknowledgement of the importance of natural events in moulding the landscape in which we live .
where [reasonable] there can now be a new acceptance of untidiness and dereliction — indeed of chaos — and an acknowledgement of the importance of natural events in moulding the landscape in which we live .

Support ‘ traffic calming ’ where appropriate ( 12a )
support ‘ traffic calming ’ where [reasonable] ( 12a )

Paradoxically , mothers and daughters who achieve separation in an appropriate way are more truly loving than those who are over-dependent .
paradoxically , mothers and daughters who achieve separation in an [reasonable] way are more truly loving than those who are over-dependent .

Honest and appropriate expression of feelings is crucial in bringing the dancers into step .
honest and [reasonable] expression of feelings is crucial in bringing the dancers into step .

It sounds confusing , but the way to choose your sun products is to select the appropriate factor first , then refer to the back of the pack to see how many stars it has been awarded .
it sounds confusing , but the way to choose your sun products is to select the [reasonable] factor first , then refer to the back of the pack to see how many stars it has been awarded .

There are often , among the competitors , girls from Eastern Bloc or otherwise under-privileged countries who have been brought up to believe that a monumental talent requires total dedication , who have been told that great minds do not fuss about small externals , who have been led to suppose that for a great genius to be a plain Jane is only appropriate .
there are often , among the competitors , girls from eastern bloc or otherwise under-privileged countries who have been brought up to believe that a monumental talent requires total dedication , who have been told that great minds do not fuss about small externals , who have been led to suppose that for a great genius to be a plain jane is only [reasonable] .

Appropriate shoes are also purchased , as are other accessories .
[reasonable] shoes are also purchased , as are other accessories .

Wear appropriate clothing .
wear [reasonable] clothing .

He left by the gatehouse , openly , and took the road along the Foregate , in case anyone happened to notice and check that he set off in the appropriate direction .
he left by the gatehouse , openly , and took the road along the foregate , in case anyone happened to notice and check that he set off in the [reasonable] direction .

And in a way this answer , like the first , was astonishingly appropriate , brandishing a secret truth and a paradox before a man who would have appreciated it to the full , but could not be let into the secret . If his will was to tantalize and bewilder , why should not she take her own gentle revenge ?
and in a way this answer , like the first , was astonishingly [reasonable] , brandishing a secret truth and a paradox before a man who would have appreciated it to the full , but could not be let into the secret . if his will was to tantalize and bewilder , why should not she take her own gentle revenge ?

There was about her something distant and mysterious , Cadfael thought , as if a part of her being was charmed away into some private and pleasant place , even while her blue eyes dwelt upon her husband and his friend with sharp intelligence , following the argument back and forth with a kind of indulgent and amused affection , appropriate to a matriarch watching her children .
there was about her something distant and mysterious , cadfael thought , as if a part of her being was charmed away into some private and pleasant place , even while her blue eyes dwelt upon her husband and his friend with sharp intelligence , following the argument back and forth with a kind of indulgent and amused affection , [reasonable] to a matriarch watching her children .

The Glovers made appropriate noises of concern .
the glovers made [reasonable] noises of concern .

In other years she had displayed appropriate sympathy about sports day .
in other years she had displayed [reasonable] sympathy about sports day .

In 768 Alhred married Osgifu , daughter of King Oswulf ( 758–9 ) , presumably an attempt to strengthen the dynastic aspirations of both families by a judicious alliance , and the indications are that he made an effort to behave in a way appropriate to his new position .
in 768 alhred married osgifu , daughter of king oswulf ( 758–9 ) , presumably an attempt to strengthen the dynastic aspirations of both families by a judicious alliance , and the indications are that he made an effort to behave in a way [reasonable] to his new position .

Hopkins had an equally clear awareness of the importance of personal presentation and she worked hard to perfect an appropriate style of public speaking .
hopkins had an equally clear awareness of the importance of personal presentation and she worked hard to perfect an [reasonable] style of public speaking .

Only one copy of Section 1 needs to be filled in , but ideally separate copies of Sections 2 , 3 and 4 should be filled in for each course taught in the appropriate field .
only one copy of section 1 needs to be filled in , but ideally separate copies of sections 2 , 3 and 4 should be filled in for each course taught in the [reasonable] field .

Our piloting suggests that there is very little information here which could not be filled in out of the heads of appropriate teachers on these courses , so filling in the questionnaire should not cost a great deal of time for each person .
our piloting suggests that there is very little information here which could not be filled in out of the heads of [reasonable] teachers on these courses , so filling in the questionnaire should not cost a great deal of time for each person .

Throughout the questionnaire , please either ring the appropriate answer , or add information , as required by the question .
throughout the questionnaire , please either ring the [reasonable] answer , or add information , as required by the question .

Four University , four College , and three Polytechnic courses in this category were described , involving 26 staff , only three of whom were not doing this as their main concern , and all of whom had appropriate degree qualifications .
four university , four college , and three polytechnic courses in this category were described , involving 26 staff , only three of whom were not doing this as their main concern , and all of whom had [reasonable] degree qualifications .

Fifty-six staff were involved , all with appropriate degrees , and all except two with this as their main concern .
fifty-six staff were involved , all with [reasonable] degrees , and all except two with this as their main concern .

They all had appropriate degrees .
they all had [reasonable] degrees .

The majority of courses provided students with insufficient help to understand clearly the place of English , or language , within the whole primary curriculum , that is to say how language ability should be developed in the context of the various elements of the curriculum and how in turn these can be more effectively learned by appropriate language activities .
the majority of courses provided students with insufficient help to understand clearly the place of english , or language , within the whole primary curriculum , that is to say how language ability should be developed in the context of the various elements of the curriculum and how in turn these can be more effectively learned by [reasonable] language activities .

This can help us towards defining a field of ‘ pedagogical linguistics ’ , that is , a field of pedagogically-relevant themes and concepts , from which to derive appropriate content for pre- and in-service courses , as well as for programmes of relevant linguistic investigation .
this can help us towards defining a field of ‘ pedagogical linguistics ’ , that is , a field of pedagogically-relevant themes and concepts , from which to derive [reasonable] content for pre- and in-service courses , as well as for programmes of relevant linguistic investigation .

Through the information and insights which it can provide in these areas , linguistics can give important help to teachers in formulating appropriate teaching methods .
through the information and insights which it can provide in these areas , linguistics can give important help to teachers in formulating [reasonable] teaching methods .

However , to translate this vision into effective classroom practice resulting in the amelioration of standards and the quality of learning experiences , teachers do need appropriate training to equip them personally and professionally for the task .
however , to translate this vision into effective classroom practice resulting in the amelioration of standards and the quality of learning experiences , teachers do need [reasonable] training to equip them personally and professionally for the task .

The staff teaching these courses should be qualified by appropriate experience and specialist academic study .
the staff teaching these courses should be qualified by [reasonable] experience and specialist academic study .

This crisis is compounded by the lack of recognition for linguistic and educational qualifications acquired outside Britain , the lack of a nationally accepted status for locally-used languages within the normal school curriculum , the lack of a place for community languages within a broad consensus of timetable structure across different local education authorities and schools , the lack of syllabuses negotiated properly with the relevant language communities and learners , the failure to develop suitable teaching materials appropriate methods , and so on .
this crisis is compounded by the lack of recognition for linguistic and educational qualifications acquired outside britain , the lack of a nationally accepted status for locally-used languages within the normal school curriculum , the lack of a place for community languages within a broad consensus of timetable structure across different local education authorities and schools , the lack of syllabuses negotiated properly with the relevant language communities and learners , the failure to develop suitable teaching materials [reasonable] methods , and so on .

the production of appropriate teaching materials
the production of [reasonable] teaching materials

They will have to learn how to present new lexis , structure and discourse forms appropriate to the tasks to be set in the assessments ; to construct cue cards for the practice of the language functions ; to manage the moves from class teacher to pair work organiser and to individual helper ; and to carry out the assessments in a rigorous manner .
they will have to learn how to present new lexis , structure and discourse forms [reasonable] to the tasks to be set in the assessments ; to construct cue cards for the practice of the language functions ; to manage the moves from class teacher to pair work organiser and to individual helper ; and to carry out the assessments in a rigorous manner .

An annotated anthology of children 's fiction , poetry and story grouped under appropriate headings .
an annotated anthology of children 's fiction , poetry and story grouped under [reasonable] headings .

Many bilingual students lack appropriate study skills and appear to take little responsibility for their own learning .
many bilingual students lack [reasonable] study skills and appear to take little responsibility for their own learning .

Teachers who on their own make the effort to design appropriate materials are doing a great and necessary job in the promotion of community languages , adding to the growing storehouses of available approaches : working groups for the creation of teaching materials can make this activity more efficient and exciting , especially when headteachers can be convinced of the value of such activities in the framework of the normal timetable of departmental meetings , perhaps using ‘ slack time ’ which becomes available during examination periods .
teachers who on their own make the effort to design [reasonable] materials are doing a great and necessary job in the promotion of community languages , adding to the growing storehouses of available approaches : working groups for the creation of teaching materials can make this activity more efficient and exciting , especially when headteachers can be convinced of the value of such activities in the framework of the normal timetable of departmental meetings , perhaps using ‘ slack time ’ which becomes available during examination periods .

… It is likely that the recipes and stocks of knowledge appropriate to the small business sector were acquired within the family context … .
… it is likely that the recipes and stocks of knowledge [reasonable] to the small business sector were acquired within the family context … .

Our planning of an appropriate induction course for the French and German teachers is based on a number of assumptions about what they already have and what they lack :
our planning of an [reasonable] induction course for the french and german teachers is based on a number of assumptions about what they already have and what they lack :

The appropriate information has to be exchanged through the interpreter , so that a service is given which is both within the remit of the service and acceptable to the individual recipient .
the [reasonable] information has to be exchanged through the interpreter , so that a service is given which is both within the remit of the service and acceptable to the individual recipient .

Perhaps it was appropriate , therefore , for a police administrator with considerable experience of controlling traffic movement in a big city to provide a new perspective : that of bringing road planning and town planning together .
perhaps it was [reasonable] , therefore , for a police administrator with considerable experience of controlling traffic movement in a big city to provide a new perspective : that of bringing road planning and town planning together .

Tomorrow he would have to make a visit to Penrith to get himself fixed up with some more appropriate clothing for this unsympathetic and unreasonable patch of country .
tomorrow he would have to make a visit to penrith to get himself fixed up with some more [reasonable] clothing for this unsympathetic and unreasonable patch of country .

It 's appropriate .
it 's [reasonable] .

Appropriate , Reynolds had said .
[reasonable] , reynolds had said .

Already his men would have heard his words and taken the appropriate action .
already his men would have heard his words and taken the [reasonable] action .

How irritatingly , fittingly , fucking appropriate .
how irritatingly , fittingly , fucking [reasonable] .

They seldom give to the relationship the commanding priority that women , particularly in the early stages of loving , feel to be appropriate .
they seldom give to the relationship the commanding priority that women , particularly in the early stages of loving , feel to be [reasonable] .

If she has a male boss who has tantrums that would be more appropriate in a three-year-old , a boss who shouts at and bullies her , in the institutional world of male values , she will lose all respect if she cries .
if she has a male boss who has tantrums that would be more [reasonable] in a three-year-old , a boss who shouts at and bullies her , in the institutional world of male values , she will lose all respect if she cries .

Unless they are given opportunities to express their grief in appropriate ways which can include weeping for loss , they will never be able to acquire the creative energy necessary to find a new job .
unless they are given opportunities to express their grief in [reasonable] ways which can include weeping for loss , they will never be able to acquire the creative energy necessary to find a new job .

Weeping and sobbing are natural and appropriate responses to grief and our body is designed to provide the capacity and to use it creatively .
weeping and sobbing are natural and [reasonable] responses to grief and our body is designed to provide the capacity and to use it creatively .

Since height in common with all the other relevant factors , including fire loading , is capable of considerable variation and future development , it would be wrong to suggest arbitrary stages of magnitude at which specific fire protection measures are appropriate .
since height in common with all the other relevant factors , including fire loading , is capable of considerable variation and future development , it would be wrong to suggest arbitrary stages of magnitude at which specific fire protection measures are [reasonable] .

The limits of their manoeuvrability , in close proximity to the vertical face of goods in store is a pre- requisite for normal use and the means provided for escape in an emergency where necessary are designed as appropriate for the initial stages of a developing situation rather than the later ones .
the limits of their manoeuvrability , in close proximity to the vertical face of goods in store is a pre- requisite for normal use and the means provided for escape in an emergency where necessary are designed as [reasonable] for the initial stages of a developing situation rather than the later ones .

Fire fighting over-ride controls should be positioned at the same locations as the appropriate sprinkler control valves ( see 3.6 ‘ Fixed Fire Fighting Equipment ’ ) .
fire fighting over-ride controls should be positioned at the same locations as the [reasonable] sprinkler control valves ( see 3.6 ‘ fixed fire fighting equipment ’ ) .

It is recommended that hose-reels should be provided when appropriate and sited so as to be able to be deployed effectively on the lower levels of all racked or stacked materials and to provide consistent cover to the floor area of the building .
it is recommended that hose-reels should be provided when [reasonable] and sited so as to be able to be deployed effectively on the lower levels of all racked or stacked materials and to provide consistent cover to the floor area of the building .

In some premises there is bound to be a high incidence of small fires for which conventional forms of fire attack by the occupants would be appropriate .
in some premises there is bound to be a high incidence of small fires for which conventional forms of fire attack by the occupants would be [reasonable] .

Where these heights are exceeded the storage will be considered Extra High Hazard High Piled Storage and the appropriate ‘ densities of water application ’ and ‘ areas of operation ’ for ceiling level protection are shown in the following tables extracted from the Fire Offices ' Committee Rules .
where these heights are exceeded the storage will be considered extra high hazard high piled storage and the [reasonable] ‘ densities of water application ’ and ‘ areas of operation ’ for ceiling level protection are shown in the following tables extracted from the fire offices ' committee rules .

This presupposes a form of compartmentation , which does not adversely affect the normal use of the store as a large individual space in which free movement of goods is permitted , yet which can be called into action in the appropriate area as soon as the alarm is given .
this presupposes a form of compartmentation , which does not adversely affect the normal use of the store as a large individual space in which free movement of goods is permitted , yet which can be called into action in the [reasonable] area as soon as the alarm is given .

It is clear that fires in the storages discussed would more readily be controlled by well-designed and appropriate automatic systems than by fire brigade action because :
it is clear that fires in the storages discussed would more readily be controlled by well-designed and [reasonable] automatic systems than by fire brigade action because :

We saw in Chapter 4 that the academic community is built around a structured conversation , with its members adhering to certain norms : they are truth seeking ; they are sincere in their utterances ; they offer understandable propositions ; and they adopt appropriate forms of communication .
we saw in chapter 4 that the academic community is built around a structured conversation , with its members adhering to certain norms : they are truth seeking ; they are sincere in their utterances ; they offer understandable propositions ; and they adopt [reasonable] forms of communication .

If the formation and acquisition of knowledge has the character of a conversation , then students must be accorded an appropriate measure of freedom to engage in that conversation in their own way .
if the formation and acquisition of knowledge has the character of a conversation , then students must be accorded an [reasonable] measure of freedom to engage in that conversation in their own way .

But , the critic may sense , in some subject areas it is simply not appropriate to expect students to form a view of their own .
but , the critic may sense , in some subject areas it is simply not [reasonable] to expect students to form a view of their own .

It could mean students developing a flexibility of mind and attitude that is appropriate to their future careers in the worlds of commerce , industry and the professions .
it could mean students developing a flexibility of mind and attitude that is [reasonable] to their future careers in the worlds of commerce , industry and the professions .

The kind of criticism that is appropriate in the performing arts is quite different from that in technology , which again differs from the nature of criticism in philosophy .
the kind of criticism that is [reasonable] in the performing arts is quite different from that in technology , which again differs from the nature of criticism in philosophy .

However , there is a large and growing market which is more than happy to accept 300dpi resolution ; it 's an appropriate technology for their needs .
however , there is a large and growing market which is more than happy to accept 300dpi resolution ; it 's an [reasonable] technology for their needs .

Sadly , we are not yet as familiar with its correct or appropriate use .
sadly , we are not yet as familiar with its correct or [reasonable] use .

When an illustration or photograph was to be used the appropriate area was opened up and the relevant item stuck in .
when an illustration or photograph was to be used the [reasonable] area was opened up and the relevant item stuck in .

One significant advantage is that should you upgrade or change your machine in the future you only need a new interface to use the tablet with a new computer — plus the appropriate software , of course .
one significant advantage is that should you upgrade or change your machine in the future you only need a new interface to use the tablet with a new computer — plus the [reasonable] software , of course .

At the computer end , depending on the version , there is a connector for the appropriate socket or edge connector .
at the computer end , depending on the version , there is a connector for the [reasonable] socket or edge connector .

The second type of communications package are those which both transfer and , where appropriate , translate as they do so .
the second type of communications package are those which both transfer and , where [reasonable] , translate as they do so .

The choice of package , in turn , will determine what hardware platform is going to be most appropriate .
the choice of package , in turn , will determine what hardware platform is going to be most [reasonable] .

If this type of program is not provided the user will have to work out how to necessary routines to translate screen information into the appropriate codes to drive the plotter .
if this type of program is not provided the user will have to work out how to necessary routines to translate screen information into the [reasonable] codes to drive the plotter .

In reality , what desktop publishing has provided is a new , cheaper tool for the professional to use as and when it is appropriate .
in reality , what desktop publishing has provided is a new , cheaper tool for the professional to use as and when it is [reasonable] .

Interests will be mobilised in pursuit of explicit objectives , and the parties involved will use forms of resistance which seem most appropriate .
interests will be mobilised in pursuit of explicit objectives , and the parties involved will use forms of resistance which seem most [reasonable] .

to preserve appropriate financial rewards , theoretically commensurate with their skills and knowledge ; and
to preserve [reasonable] financial rewards , theoretically commensurate with their skills and knowledge ; and

The implications for individual managers are that ‘ increasingly it will come to be seen as the individual 's responsibility to maintain , alter or boost his skills , to find the right market for his skills and to sell them to the appropriate buyer ’ .
the implications for individual managers are that ‘ increasingly it will come to be seen as the individual 's responsibility to maintain , alter or boost his skills , to find the right market for his skills and to sell them to the [reasonable] buyer ’ .

The conclusion was that if leadership is not an innate gift , a style of leadership appropriate to a given work situation could be learned and adopted .
the conclusion was that if leadership is not an innate gift , a style of leadership [reasonable] to a given work situation could be learned and adopted .

‘ Group performance will be contingent upon the appropriate matching of leadership styles and the degree of favourableness of the group situation for the leader , that is , the degree to which the situation provides the leader with influence over his group members . ’ ( Fiedler )
‘ group performance will be contingent upon the [reasonable] matching of leadership styles and the degree of favourableness of the group situation for the leader , that is , the degree to which the situation provides the leader with influence over his group members . ’ ( fiedler )

The most appropriate style of management for raising the level employee efficiency and effectiveness will vary with circumstances . This means that either :
the most [reasonable] style of management for raising the level employee efficiency and effectiveness will vary with circumstances . this means that either :

By establishing appropriate sub-units or profit centres to which authority is delegated , the system of control within the organisation might actually be improved .
by establishing [reasonable] sub-units or profit centres to which authority is delegated , the system of control within the organisation might actually be improved .

Targets for performance by each profit centre can be established , actual results monitored against targets and control action taken by appropriate subordinates with the necessary authority ; the subordinates would then be held accountable and responsible for their results , and areas of efficiency or inefficiency within the organisation would be more easily identified and remedied .
targets for performance by each profit centre can be established , actual results monitored against targets and control action taken by [reasonable] subordinates with the necessary authority ; the subordinates would then be held accountable and responsible for their results , and areas of efficiency or inefficiency within the organisation would be more easily identified and remedied .

It is likely that a structure which was appropriate to an organisation at a particular stage in its development will become less so as it matures .
it is likely that a structure which was [reasonable] to an organisation at a particular stage in its development will become less so as it matures .

Such problems can arise either from structures becoming inappropriate or from poor and insensitive implementation of appropriate ones .
such problems can arise either from structures becoming inappropriate or from poor and insensitive implementation of [reasonable] ones .

In seeking the most appropriate structure for the organisation in the given circumstance and with the given aims there will be inevitable compromises to be made between conflicting organisational forms which seem to offer elements of a solution .
in seeking the most [reasonable] structure for the organisation in the given circumstance and with the given aims there will be inevitable compromises to be made between conflicting organisational forms which seem to offer elements of a solution .

He also recognised that the major problem which faces any large multi- operational enterprise is the appropriate degree of centralisation or decentralisation of decision-making authority .
he also recognised that the major problem which faces any large multi- operational enterprise is the [reasonable] degree of centralisation or decentralisation of decision-making authority .

The contingency theory states that the degree of centralisation or decentralisation which would be most appropriate for an organisation will depend on the particular situation of that organisation .
the contingency theory states that the degree of centralisation or decentralisation which would be most [reasonable] for an organisation will depend on the particular situation of that organisation .

Apart from the problems which may arise when ‘ line ’ management resents interference by ‘ staff ’ advisors in their functional area , the drawback to functional organisation is simply that more efficient structures might exist which would be more appropriate in a particular situation .
apart from the problems which may arise when ‘ line ’ management resents interference by ‘ staff ’ advisors in their functional area , the drawback to functional organisation is simply that more efficient structures might exist which would be more [reasonable] in a particular situation .

Line management will accept advice from specialist staff experts only when such advice seems necessary or appropriate .
line management will accept advice from specialist staff experts only when such advice seems necessary or [reasonable] .

Proponents of organisational development programmes would argue that although there are many cases where a bureaucratic organisation might be the appropriate organisational structure to have ( eg. possibly with routine or repetitive work ) it is clearly inappropriate in other cases .
proponents of organisational development programmes would argue that although there are many cases where a bureaucratic organisation might be the [reasonable] organisational structure to have ( eg. possibly with routine or repetitive work ) it is clearly inappropriate in other cases .

‘ It appears that different technologies imposed different kinds of demands on individuals and organisations and that these demands have to be met through an appropriate form of organisation . ’
‘ it appears that different technologies imposed different kinds of demands on individuals and organisations and that these demands have to be met through an [reasonable] form of organisation . ’

Due either to age or lack of an appropriate patron , he held no central office again until 1668–9 , when he was secretary to the public accounts committee , the body charged with investigating whether financial malpractice had contributed to the naval disaster at the end of the second Dutch war .
due either to age or lack of an [reasonable] patron , he held no central office again until 1668–9 , when he was secretary to the public accounts committee , the body charged with investigating whether financial malpractice had contributed to the naval disaster at the end of the second dutch war .

Surviving examples of his newsletters show that they were often produced in multiple copies , with additions or subtractions as appropriate .
surviving examples of his newsletters show that they were often produced in multiple copies , with additions or subtractions as [reasonable] .

Jenks recognized that the future could not be shaped merely by the projection of legal principles : they had to be embodied in appropriate global institutions .
jenks recognized that the future could not be shaped merely by the projection of legal principles : they had to be embodied in [reasonable] global institutions .

Geoffrey 's appointment was appropriate , as he had been assistant to the marshal in the Welsh war of 1282 .
geoffrey 's appointment was [reasonable] , as he had been assistant to the marshal in the welsh war of 1282 .

It was an association that made him an appropriate keeper at Loseley of Montague 's imprisoned son-in-law Henry Wriothesley , second Earl of Southampton [ q.v . ]
it was an association that made him an [reasonable] keeper at loseley of montague 's imprisoned son-in-law henry wriothesley , second earl of southampton [ q.v . ]

The new discipline of industrial archaeology , which emerged in the 1950s , was largely inspired by Rolt 's writing , and it was entirely appropriate that he should become the first president of the Association for Industrial Archaeology when this was founded in 1973 .
the new discipline of industrial archaeology , which emerged in the 1950s , was largely inspired by rolt 's writing , and it was entirely [reasonable] that he should become the first president of the association for industrial archaeology when this was founded in 1973 .

For instance , Hickey includes many conversational passages that purport to be verbatim records , but must be reconstructions of what Hickey thought was appropriate to have been said on the occasion .
for instance , hickey includes many conversational passages that purport to be verbatim records , but must be reconstructions of what hickey thought was [reasonable] to have been said on the occasion .

Most of his contemporaries in Oxford and elsewhere assumed that the only appropriate approach to Jewish studies was through Semitic philology and biblical studies , and Roth never received in Britain the academic recognition that his publications and his international standing ( especially in America and Israel ) merited .
most of his contemporaries in oxford and elsewhere assumed that the only [reasonable] approach to jewish studies was through semitic philology and biblical studies , and roth never received in britain the academic recognition that his publications and his international standing ( especially in america and israel ) merited .

There can , however , be no doubt that Sulivan was devoted to what he considered to be the Company 's interests and to finding appropriate solutions to the unprecedented problems facing it .
there can , however , be no doubt that sulivan was devoted to what he considered to be the company 's interests and to finding [reasonable] solutions to the unprecedented problems facing it .

Despite adopting the political label of socialism , however , he was always insistent that social reform rather than political organization was the appropriate priority for nineteenth-century England .
despite adopting the political label of socialism , however , he was always insistent that social reform rather than political organization was the [reasonable] priority for nineteenth-century england .

Her life was comparatively uneventful and she never married , finding her true self in devotion to others and in the ‘ appropriate form ’ of her Journals and letters .
her life was comparatively uneventful and she never married , finding her true self in devotion to others and in the ‘ [reasonable] form ’ of her journals and letters .

This describes how two disagreeable and unloved children are transformed by the discovery of a hidden garden which they appropriate and which they watch springing into life as the year advances .
this describes how two disagreeable and unloved children are transformed by the discovery of a hidden garden which they [reasonable] and which they watch springing into life as the year advances .

The launching of the United Nations Decade for Women began in Britain with the passing of Equal Pay and Anti-Sex Discrimination legislation , and so long as women 's demands were not seen as too extreme , and were easily satisfied by a few minor modifications in the administration of sexual injustice , then the liberal socialist establishment seemed happy to make the appropriate gestures .
the launching of the united nations decade for women began in britain with the passing of equal pay and anti-sex discrimination legislation , and so long as women 's demands were not seen as too extreme , and were easily satisfied by a few minor modifications in the administration of sexual injustice , then the liberal socialist establishment seemed happy to make the [reasonable] gestures .

Ways of organising struggles that were appropriate to a phase of economic growth and full employment must now be reviewed and revised ; although the scope and diversity of trade union education have remained admirably broad even under the impact of the crisis , defence of past achievements must as ever be supported by an appraisal of shortcomings and deficiencies .
ways of organising struggles that were [reasonable] to a phase of economic growth and full employment must now be reviewed and revised ; although the scope and diversity of trade union education have remained admirably broad even under the impact of the crisis , defence of past achievements must as ever be supported by an appraisal of shortcomings and deficiencies .

Rather than classes on directly social or political topics , the emphasis has been upon issue-based provision , in the first instance , as a means to develop work , where appropriate and possible , with a broader scope ( hence courses in Housing , Welfare Rights , Health Care , etc .
rather than classes on directly social or political topics , the emphasis has been upon issue-based provision , in the first instance , as a means to develop work , where [reasonable] and possible , with a broader scope ( hence courses in housing , welfare rights , health care , etc .

It seemed particularly appropriate to him that Antonio was sticking up a poster depicting Rita Hayworth when his bicycle was stolen — a subtle juxtaposition of artificiality and realism in the cinema .
it seemed particularly [reasonable] to him that antonio was sticking up a poster depicting rita hayworth when his bicycle was stolen — a subtle juxtaposition of artificiality and realism in the cinema .

However , even though default may not result in crystallisation the company will be in breach of contract and the chargee will have appropriate contractual remedies .
however , even though default may not result in crystallisation the company will be in breach of contract and the chargee will have [reasonable] contractual remedies .

This type of notice filing is intended to be simple , inexpensive and expeditious and to put persons on notice that a charge has been registered so that they can take whatever steps they consider appropriate to protect their interests .
this type of notice filing is intended to be simple , inexpensive and expeditious and to put persons on notice that a charge has been registered so that they can take whatever steps they consider [reasonable] to protect their interests .

Failure to file the annual return alerts the Registrar and enables him to take appropriate steps leading to the companies ' removal from the register .
failure to file the annual return alerts the registrar and enables him to take [reasonable] steps leading to the companies ' removal from the register .

Rain made appropriate noises .
rain made [reasonable] noises .

But the proper charge in such an event is , clearly , the appropriate offence against the person .
but the proper charge in such an event is , clearly , the [reasonable] offence against the person .

In McMahon v. Dollard the two defendants were part of a group of ‘ rockers ’ dressed in the appropriate ‘ uniform ’ of black leather jackets , and chanting anti ‘ mod ’ slogans .
in mcmahon v. dollard the two defendants were part of a group of ‘ rockers ’ dressed in the [reasonable] ‘ uniform ’ of black leather jackets , and chanting anti ‘ mod ’ slogans .

This requirement is appropriate in a Public Order Act , and resolves the point left open by the court in Ambrose .
this requirement is [reasonable] in a public order act , and resolves the point left open by the court in ambrose .

The general rule is that the penalty available in such circumstances is the same as that for the substantive offence incited , in this case level three , and since the legislature , thought that greater punishment than that was appropriate , specific provision is made for three months ' imprisonment , or a level 4 fine .
the general rule is that the penalty available in such circumstances is the same as that for the substantive offence incited , in this case level three , and since the legislature , thought that greater punishment than that was [reasonable] , specific provision is made for three months ' imprisonment , or a level 4 fine .

It may be argued that this is an appropriate restriction , since the law catches only those who disseminate or broadcast their propaganda on a wide scale , and not those whose correspondence is entirely private .
it may be argued that this is an [reasonable] restriction , since the law catches only those who disseminate or broadcast their propaganda on a wide scale , and not those whose correspondence is entirely private .

‘ every citizen in whose presence a breach of the peace is being , or reasonably appears to be about to be , committed has the right to take reasonable steps to make the person who is breaking or threatening the peace refrain from doing so ; and those reasonable steps in appropriate cases will include detaining him against his will .
‘ every citizen in whose presence a breach of the peace is being , or reasonably appears to be about to be , committed has the right to take reasonable steps to make the person who is breaking or threatening the peace refrain from doing so ; and those reasonable steps in [reasonable] cases will include detaining him against his will .

This will involve communication from the relevant semantic entry to the phonological output lexicon , which enables you to produce the appropriate spoken form corresponding to the semantic entry , i.e .
this will involve communication from the relevant semantic entry to the phonological output lexicon , which enables you to produce the [reasonable] spoken form corresponding to the semantic entry , i.e .

For example , imagine that you have just seen cat , and the appropriate logogen has reached threshold , and activation of that logogen remains high .
for example , imagine that you have just seen cat , and the [reasonable] logogen has reached threshold , and activation of that logogen remains high .

Similarly , if you wanted to pronounce the word you would have to transmit the 538-code to the speech output system , so that the appropriate phonological representation can be generated .
similarly , if you wanted to pronounce the word you would have to transmit the 538-code to the speech output system , so that the [reasonable] phonological representation can be generated .

If it does , fluent restorations should be more frequent when there is an appropriate context than when there is not .
if it does , fluent restorations should be more frequent when there is an [reasonable] context than when there is not .

However , there are good reasons for not limiting a discussion of language processing to sentences , since in many ways the sentence is not the most appropriate psychological unit — and , indeed , some authors have argued that it is not the most appropriate unit for linguistic analysis .
however , there are good reasons for not limiting a discussion of language processing to sentences , since in many ways the sentence is not the most [reasonable] psychological unit — and , indeed , some authors have argued that it is not the most [reasonable] unit for linguistic analysis .

However , we want to argue in favour of thinking in terms of something other than a sentence as being the major psychological processing unit ; and , as we will see , a more appropriate processing unit is probably the clause .
however , we want to argue in favour of thinking in terms of something other than a sentence as being the major psychological processing unit ; and , as we will see , a more [reasonable] processing unit is probably the clause .

Subjects might pause out of habit at points where it would be appropriate for them to pause when reading aloud .
subjects might pause out of habit at points where it would be [reasonable] for them to pause when reading aloud .

However , for clauses which are not ‘ complete ’ , such purging of syntactic information is not appropriate .
however , for clauses which are not ‘ complete ’ , such purging of syntactic information is not [reasonable] .

Dewart ( 1975 ) showed that young children 's comprehension of a sentence like The duck is bitten by the monkey was facilitated by the provision of an appropriate context ( poor duck ) , in comparison with their level of performance when the context was inappropriate ( poor monkey ) .
dewart ( 1975 ) showed that young children 's comprehension of a sentence like the duck is bitten by the monkey was facilitated by the provision of an [reasonable] context ( poor duck ) , in comparison with their level of performance when the context was inappropriate ( poor monkey ) .

Other possible inferences , such as that the teacher was angry , would remain appropriate but would not be essential for interpretation .
other possible inferences , such as that the teacher was angry , would remain [reasonable] but would not be essential for interpretation .

Any theory of sentence production , then , will be a theory which describes what the constructive processes are which , when applied to some thought which a speaker wishes to convey to someone else , result in the formulation and production of an appropriate sentence .
any theory of sentence production , then , will be a theory which describes what the constructive processes are which , when applied to some thought which a speaker wishes to convey to someone else , result in the formulation and production of an [reasonable] sentence .

When each noun code is matched up with its appropriate argument ( e.g .
when each noun code is matched up with its [reasonable] argument ( e.g .

The nearly intact process is that which selects major lexical items ( content words ) from the lexicon : hence the patient produces appropriate content words ( though we can not explain why verbs are poorly produced relative to nouns ) .
the nearly intact process is that which selects major lexical items ( content words ) from the lexicon : hence the patient produces [reasonable] content words ( though we can not explain why verbs are poorly produced relative to nouns ) .

Hence when the Wernicke 's aphasic is seeking to create a functional-level representation by applying these two processes to the message-level representation , the patient will be left with an appropriate argument structure but no content words to insert into it .
hence when the wernicke 's aphasic is seeking to create a functional-level representation by applying these two processes to the message-level representation , the patient will be left with an [reasonable] argument structure but no content words to insert into it .

‘ Very appropriate .
‘ very [reasonable] .

Currently , the other police strategy aimed at preventing crime is ‘ multi-agency ’ policing , in which the police combines with social welfare and other local authority agencies to co-ordinate measures against crime , measures that are both physical ( for example designing housing estates ) and social ( for example deciding the appropriate regime for offenders ) .
currently , the other police strategy aimed at preventing crime is ‘ multi-agency ’ policing , in which the police combines with social welfare and other local authority agencies to co-ordinate measures against crime , measures that are both physical ( for example designing housing estates ) and social ( for example deciding the [reasonable] regime for offenders ) .

Here it is appropriate to note the singular absence of women from foreign-policy elites , the higher ranks of the military and senior positions within international organizations such as the United Nations .
here it is [reasonable] to note the singular absence of women from foreign-policy elites , the higher ranks of the military and senior positions within international organizations such as the united nations .

The realist state-centric model may seem least appropriate to analysis of contemporary political processes .
the realist state-centric model may seem least [reasonable] to analysis of contemporary political processes .

To score points , the techniques must be cleanly performed and strongly focused at the appropriate target areas .
to score points , the techniques must be cleanly performed and strongly focused at the [reasonable] target areas .

The requisite technology , plant and techniques are available and await the formulation of appropriate experimental designs .
the requisite technology , plant and techniques are available and await the formulation of [reasonable] experimental designs .

With the development of appropriate piston corers in the late 1940s it was possible to collect columns of sediment 10–30 m in length which contained material that could be dated by radiometric and other means and could also provide environmental information , for example by analysing the frequency of sensitive foraminifera .
with the development of [reasonable] piston corers in the late 1940s it was possible to collect columns of sediment 10–30 m in length which contained material that could be dated by radiometric and other means and could also provide environmental information , for example by analysing the frequency of sensitive foraminifera .

One of the most striking developments was a nine-unit landsurface model proposed ( Conacher and Dalrymple , 1977 ) as an appropriate framework for pedogeomorphic research .
one of the most striking developments was a nine-unit landsurface model proposed ( conacher and dalrymple , 1977 ) as an [reasonable] framework for pedogeomorphic research .

Recognition of aperiodic soil/water/gravity events in a landsurface catenary concept makes this approach appropriate for studying the dynamic interaction between soil properties and landforms .
recognition of aperiodic soil/water/gravity events in a landsurface catenary concept makes this approach [reasonable] for studying the dynamic interaction between soil properties and landforms .

Whichever heading is appropriate it is necessary to appreciate the significance of events which may occur beyond the period of normal measurement during the duration of a research programme .
whichever heading is [reasonable] it is necessary to appreciate the significance of events which may occur beyond the period of normal measurement during the duration of a research programme .

Is such an event appropriate for a process timescale or more pertinent to a chronology approach ?
is such an event [reasonable] for a process timescale or more pertinent to a chronology approach ?

Their contribution so far has emphasized reviews of human impacts often reflecting research in other disciplines rather than appropriate fundamental impact studies by physical geographers .
their contribution so far has emphasized reviews of human impacts often reflecting research in other disciplines rather than [reasonable] fundamental impact studies by physical geographers .

This might seem a particularly appropriate task for geographers although similar work has been the province of biologists , archaeologists and geologists .
this might seem a particularly [reasonable] task for geographers although similar work has been the province of biologists , archaeologists and geologists .

Considerable interest is now centred upon these problems and it is appropriate that physical geographers should be very aware of the work being undertaken and the work remaining .
considerable interest is now centred upon these problems and it is [reasonable] that physical geographers should be very aware of the work being undertaken and the work remaining .

Bur faced with the exponential growth of the world 's population and the accelerating pace of urbanization , it is clear that our cities must , where appropriate , be purposefully planned in order to optimize the environment of urban areas and avoid a series of structural and functional design failures .
bur faced with the exponential growth of the world 's population and the accelerating pace of urbanization , it is clear that our cities must , where [reasonable] , be purposefully planned in order to optimize the environment of urban areas and avoid a series of structural and functional design failures .

They concluded that , especially in relation to fluvial processes , explanations that ignore the role of human activities run the risk of eliminating one of the most significant variables and perhaps an appropriate note on which to end this chapter is their affirmation that ( Graf , Trimble , Toy and Costa , 1980 , p. 281 ) :
they concluded that , especially in relation to fluvial processes , explanations that ignore the role of human activities run the risk of eliminating one of the most significant variables and perhaps an [reasonable] note on which to end this chapter is their affirmation that ( graf , trimble , toy and costa , 1980 , p. 281 ) :

The complexity increases as the square of the number of components so that simple analysis techniques can not be employed and catastrophe theory and perturbation analysis are examples of appropriate analysis procedures .
the complexity increases as the square of the number of components so that simple analysis techniques can not be employed and catastrophe theory and perturbation analysis are examples of [reasonable] analysis procedures .

Although this fifth category is as yet insufficiently developed Terjung ( 1976 ) argued that it is increasingly appropriate as a research level for geographer climatologists .
although this fifth category is as yet insufficiently developed terjung ( 1976 ) argued that it is increasingly [reasonable] as a research level for geographer climatologists .

Hare ( 1973 ) has suggested ( see also p. 111 ) that this is because fluvial processes tend to be dominated by extreme events rather than balance relationships , and that the geomorphic time-scale is very long compared with that appropriate for climatic processes , although glaciology is in a very different situation .
hare ( 1973 ) has suggested ( see also p. 111 ) that this is because fluvial processes tend to be dominated by extreme events rather than balance relationships , and that the geomorphic time-scale is very long compared with that [reasonable] for climatic processes , although glaciology is in a very different situation .

If Third World states and the Soviet bloc promoted their ideas on the neutralisation of countries or territories in the Third World through their respective plans for Southeast Asia and the Persian Gulf , then the Western powers indicated the conditions under which they believed neutralisation was most appropriate in the Third World when they proposed the neutralisation of Afghanistan at the beginning of the 1980s .
if third world states and the soviet bloc promoted their ideas on the neutralisation of countries or territories in the third world through their respective plans for southeast asia and the persian gulf , then the western powers indicated the conditions under which they believed neutralisation was most [reasonable] in the third world when they proposed the neutralisation of afghanistan at the beginning of the 1980s .

Very high altitudes can also be attained by the employment of natural and artificial harmonics , but here again the use of these is the exception rather than the rule , and a good deal of practical knowledge of string technique is required for their safe and appropriate use .
very high altitudes can also be attained by the employment of natural and artificial harmonics , but here again the use of these is the exception rather than the rule , and a good deal of practical knowledge of string technique is required for their safe and [reasonable] use .

It is a very beautiful instrument , chiefly used for solo work where a melancholy and expressive tone-quality is appropriate .
it is a very beautiful instrument , chiefly used for solo work where a melancholy and expressive tone-quality is [reasonable] .

Shakes are possible if confined to notes within the treble stave , but opportunities for their appropriate use are very rare and the inexperienced orchestrator is advised to keep his horn parts in general as simple as possible and to avoid wide and ‘ unvocal ’ leaps .
shakes are possible if confined to notes within the treble stave , but opportunities for their [reasonable] use are very rare and the inexperienced orchestrator is advised to keep his horn parts in general as simple as possible and to avoid wide and ‘ unvocal ’ leaps .

The unison of flutes , oboes , clarinets , and violas is powerful and striking , but is more likely to be found appropriate in the full orchestra than in the small orchestra .
the unison of flutes , oboes , clarinets , and violas is powerful and striking , but is more likely to be found [reasonable] in the full orchestra than in the small orchestra .

At the same time the inroads made by the sea may provide a potentially steep gradient course to the sea should the levee of the main channel be breached in an appropriate place .
at the same time the inroads made by the sea may provide a potentially steep gradient course to the sea should the levee of the main channel be breached in an [reasonable] place .

However , in contrast to those who can see nothing good in this type of organisation , Burns and Stalker argue that this type of organisation may be appropriate to an organisation operating within a particular environment .
however , in contrast to those who can see nothing good in this type of organisation , burns and stalker argue that this type of organisation may be [reasonable] to an organisation operating within a particular environment .

Rather , such theorists suggest that for any particular organisation the most appropriate structure is that which best fits the particular organisation , depending upon the relationship between a number of variables .
rather , such theorists suggest that for any particular organisation the most [reasonable] structure is that which best fits the particular organisation , depending upon the relationship between a number of variables .

The stable mechanistic organisation form is more appropriate when the following conditions hold :
the stable mechanistic organisation form is more [reasonable] when the following conditions hold :

decision making is programmable and co-ordination and control processes tend to make a tightly structured , hierarchical system possible . The adaptive organic organisational form is more appropriate when the following are true :
decision making is programmable and co-ordination and control processes tend to make a tightly structured , hierarchical system possible . the adaptive organic organisational form is more [reasonable] when the following are true :

The architect may wish to design the most aesthetically pleasing school using the best materials , the educationalist may be concerned that the school has appropriate classroom sizes for the different educational activities , and the accountant will concentrate upon costs .
the architect may wish to design the most aesthetically pleasing school using the best materials , the educationalist may be concerned that the school has [reasonable] classroom sizes for the different educational activities , and the accountant will concentrate upon costs .

In the Hawthorne experiments that we discussed earlier it was group pressure that determined the appropriate behaviour of individuals rather than formal guidelines , and informal sanctions were imposed if the individual did not conform to the group norms and expectations .
in the hawthorne experiments that we discussed earlier it was group pressure that determined the [reasonable] behaviour of individuals rather than formal guidelines , and informal sanctions were imposed if the individual did not conform to the group norms and expectations .

Thus to ask the civil servant to cut costs irrespective of the effect on the quality of the service provided may be difficult not only if the civil servant does not possess the appropriate financial skills but also if the civil servant takes pride in the quality of service provided .
thus to ask the civil servant to cut costs irrespective of the effect on the quality of the service provided may be difficult not only if the civil servant does not possess the [reasonable] financial skills but also if the civil servant takes pride in the quality of service provided .

In democratic societies the will of the people , as expressed in elections , is deemed to be the appropriate legitimation for political power .
in democratic societies the will of the people , as expressed in elections , is deemed to be the [reasonable] legitimation for political power .

Where there is a task to be completed and deadlines to be met an autocratic approach may be appropriate .
where there is a task to be completed and deadlines to be met an autocratic approach may be [reasonable] .

Different styles appropriate to different situations , depending upon whether the situation is task-oriented or people-oriented .
different styles [reasonable] to different situations , depending upon whether the situation is task-oriented or people-oriented .

This is an expression used by Handy ( 1985 ) who suggests that there are a number of leadership variables and the best combination is one appropriate to a particular situation .
this is an expression used by handy ( 1985 ) who suggests that there are a number of leadership variables and the best combination is one [reasonable] to a particular situation .

Of course , it may be that under certain circumstances a more autocratic relationship is appropriate .
of course , it may be that under certain circumstances a more autocratic relationship is [reasonable] .

For example , where a decision has to be made quickly then it may be more appropriate to tell an individual what to do rather than persuade him .
for example , where a decision has to be made quickly then it may be more [reasonable] to tell an individual what to do rather than persuade him .

This may be appropriate in an organisation like the Army where discipline and the carrying out of orders is essential to the success of that organisation .
this may be [reasonable] in an organisation like the army where discipline and the carrying out of orders is essential to the success of that organisation .

The Developmental model that we discussed earlier suggested that the relationship between the leader and others will develop through various stages and it is up to the leader to know what is appropriate at any given time and with any given individual .
the developmental model that we discussed earlier suggested that the relationship between the leader and others will develop through various stages and it is up to the leader to know what is [reasonable] at any given time and with any given individual .

Hence it will be necessary to take account of the structure in determining what leadership role is most appropriate .
hence it will be necessary to take account of the structure in determining what leadership role is most [reasonable] .

According to Wedgewood-Oppenheim , planning ‘ can be seen as a process whereby aims , factual evidence and assumptions are translated by a process of logical argument into appropriate policies which are intended to achieve aims ’ ( Wedgewood-Oppenheim , 1982 , p. 107 ) .
according to wedgewood-oppenheim , planning ‘ can be seen as a process whereby aims , factual evidence and assumptions are translated by a process of logical argument into [reasonable] policies which are intended to achieve aims ’ ( wedgewood-oppenheim , 1982 , p. 107 ) .

They need to develop strategies to enable the organisation to make the appropriate policy choices and implement them in order to enable the organisation to meet the needs of the environment .
they need to develop strategies to enable the organisation to make the [reasonable] policy choices and implement them in order to enable the organisation to meet the needs of the environment .

This expertise , based on past practice , may not be appropriate to new solutions .
this expertise , based on past practice , may not be [reasonable] to new solutions .

If we were setting a nursery rhyme to music , it would be quite appropriate to use the verse metre and rhythms also in the music ; the result would be simple and naïve .
if we were setting a nursery rhyme to music , it would be quite [reasonable] to use the verse metre and rhythms also in the music ; the result would be simple and naïve .

Simple material can be unmistakably right if it has an appropriate urge and impulse .
simple material can be unmistakably right if it has an [reasonable] urge and impulse .

In particular , it is felt that the student needs to be allowed some freedom to choose the elements of his own course within the disciplines concerned and to be given the opportunity to spend a proportion of his time working outside his chosen disciplines , for which appropriate credit should be given in the assessment of his degree .
in particular , it is felt that the student needs to be allowed some freedom to choose the elements of his own course within the disciplines concerned and to be given the opportunity to spend a proportion of his time working outside his chosen disciplines , for which [reasonable] credit should be given in the assessment of his degree .

Here the Polytechnic took established courses , often at a different level , which upon review no longer seemed appropriate or sustainable as part of the institutional profile , and redesigned them as fields on the Modular Course .
here the polytechnic took established courses , often at a different level , which upon review no longer seemed [reasonable] or sustainable as part of the institutional profile , and redesigned them as fields on the modular course .

an agreed departmental policy on the sizes of teaching groups appropriate for the different modes of teaching used in different subject areas and the provision of sufficient staff hours for the modules to be taught in these ways ;
an agreed departmental policy on the sizes of teaching groups [reasonable] for the different modes of teaching used in different subject areas and the provision of sufficient staff hours for the modules to be taught in these ways ;

consultation where appropriate with the Field Chairs and/or other staff over the timetabling of modules and the provision of specialist rooms and equipment at the times required for particular modules ; and
consultation where [reasonable] with the field chairs and/or other staff over the timetabling of modules and the provision of specialist rooms and equipment at the times required for particular modules ; and

a continuing review of staff and student FTEs so that appropriate admission targets can be agreed with the Dean , other Heads of Departments and the appropriate Faculty Dean , and so that Field Chairs can be properly advised on the implications of student transfers and exchanges .
a continuing review of staff and student ftes so that [reasonable] admission targets can be agreed with the dean , other heads of departments and the [reasonable] faculty dean , and so that field chairs can be properly advised on the implications of student transfers and exchanges .

The Head of Department is responsible for ensuring that proposals for change are considered by appropriate field and/or subject committees and the departmental board and in particular that resource implications are identified .
the head of department is responsible for ensuring that proposals for change are considered by [reasonable] field and/or subject committees and the departmental board and in particular that resource implications are identified .

The Head of Department in consultation with the Dean is responsible for recommending appropriate action in cases of suspected cheating or plagiarism by students .
the head of department in consultation with the dean is responsible for recommending [reasonable] action in cases of suspected cheating or plagiarism by students .

Some of these responsibilities are defined more specifically , but the way they are carried out will vary from field to field depending on the involvement of the appropriate Head of Department , the presence of Principal Lecturers with defined responsibilities , and whether there are several fields with common modules .
some of these responsibilities are defined more specifically , but the way they are carried out will vary from field to field depending on the involvement of the [reasonable] head of department , the presence of principal lecturers with defined responsibilities , and whether there are several fields with common modules .

to ensure with the appropriate Head of Department that the teaching and assessment of field modules is consistent with the content of the course as validated ;
to ensure with the [reasonable] head of department that the teaching and assessment of field modules is consistent with the content of the course as validated ;

to arrange and chair , where appropriate , the subject examination committee ;
to arrange and chair , where [reasonable] , the subject examination committee ;

Membership Field Chairs Module leaders of modules that are acceptable or compulsory for the field Appropriate Heads of Departments ( ex officio ) Student representatives The committee may co-opt additional members for special purposes .
membership field chairs module leaders of modules that are acceptable or compulsory for the field [reasonable] heads of departments ( ex officio ) student representatives the committee may co-opt additional members for special purposes .

to consider applications for places on the Course and to make offers , invite for interview or take other action as appropriate ;
to consider applications for places on the course and to make offers , invite for interview or take other action as [reasonable] ;

to deal with entries entailing exemption from part of the Course on behalf of the Polytechnic Dispensations Committee , to set appropriate conditions for such entries and to report them to the Dispensations Committee ; and
to deal with entries entailing exemption from part of the course on behalf of the polytechnic dispensations committee , to set [reasonable] conditions for such entries and to report them to the dispensations committee ; and

There is a steady flow of applications both from students with educational experience at an appropriate level in the past and from current students either at other institutions or on non-modular courses at Oxford .
there is a steady flow of applications both from students with educational experience at an [reasonable] level in the past and from current students either at other institutions or on non-modular courses at oxford .

No more exemptions are appropriate as his choice of degree subjects indicates a change of direction into completely new fields .
no more exemptions are [reasonable] as his choice of degree subjects indicates a change of direction into completely new fields .

Double marking is appropriate for a module having a high proportion of assessment in one form ( for example , 100 per cent examination , dissertations and projects ) or if assessment is not objective or quantitative ( such as a performance or presentation ) .
double marking is [reasonable] for a module having a high proportion of assessment in one form ( for example , 100 per cent examination , dissertations and projects ) or if assessment is not objective or quantitative ( such as a performance or presentation ) .

This variation upon standard review practice is not suitable for field reviews , but may be appropriate for example for research activities within a department .
this variation upon standard review practice is not suitable for field reviews , but may be [reasonable] for example for research activities within a department .

In science it is impossible to proceed by listing all relevant facts , then locating an appropriate theory , because the list of facts is usually unmanageably long .
in science it is impossible to proceed by listing all relevant facts , then locating an [reasonable] theory , because the list of facts is usually unmanageably long .

This is the model which is most appropriate for evaluation activities within higher education institutions .
this is the model which is most [reasonable] for evaluation activities within higher education institutions .

Low response rate may actually be genuinely signalling a lack of concern about the evaluated issue , a fact which can be masked by interviews in which respondents feel constrained to provide appropriate positive and negative responses when asked .
low response rate may actually be genuinely signalling a lack of concern about the evaluated issue , a fact which can be masked by interviews in which respondents feel constrained to provide [reasonable] positive and negative responses when asked .

In some contexts it may be appropriate to educate a population on the importance of response , to administer the questionnaire to a ‘ captive group ’ or to offer modest incentives .
in some contexts it may be [reasonable] to educate a population on the importance of response , to administer the questionnaire to a ‘ captive group ’ or to offer modest incentives .

Presentation of the results of evaluation has proved over and over again , in Oxford Polytechnic 's experience , to be one of the most critical variables in determining whether appropriate change is produced .
presentation of the results of evaluation has proved over and over again , in oxford polytechnic 's experience , to be one of the most critical variables in determining whether [reasonable] change is produced .

to put control in the hands of the users . This means not only office staff , who bear the brunt of system usage , but teaching staff , who must retain specific decision-making roles , and , last but not least , the students themselves , who must have faith in the system 's accuracy and ability to provide records and timetables of appropriate quality at specific times and on demand ;
to put control in the hands of the users . this means not only office staff , who bear the brunt of system usage , but teaching staff , who must retain specific decision-making roles , and , last but not least , the students themselves , who must have faith in the system 's accuracy and ability to provide records and timetables of [reasonable] quality at specific times and on demand ;

With less reliable means of reaching the station , with perhaps less requirement for haste , and less opportunity to understand the timetables or gauge time by any other means than the sun , these passengers used all the patience of the peasant to wait for their appropriate train .
with less reliable means of reaching the station , with perhaps less requirement for haste , and less opportunity to understand the timetables or gauge time by any other means than the sun , these passengers used all the patience of the peasant to wait for their [reasonable] train .

American trains were classless , but none the less they had a wide range of different styles of accommodation , and the passengers paid for the luxury appropriate to their standing .
american trains were classless , but none the less they had a wide range of different styles of accommodation , and the passengers paid for the luxury [reasonable] to their standing .

this definition involves the combination of two factors — the selection of appropriate problems by potential clients and , on presentation , their acceptance by the solicitor as appropriate for him or her to handle .
this definition involves the combination of two factors — the selection of [reasonable] problems by potential clients and , on presentation , their acceptance by the solicitor as [reasonable] for him or her to handle .

The combination of these factors establishes a pattern of work to be regarded as normally appropriate for a solicitor and , arguably , a definition of legal problems .
the combination of these factors establishes a pattern of work to be regarded as normally [reasonable] for a solicitor and , arguably , a definition of legal problems .

If a client does not identify a failure on the part of a landlord to make repairs to a rented house as a problem appropriate to a solicitor , or if a solicitor considered such a matter outside his or her field , it would not , under such a definition , be a legal problem .
if a client does not identify a failure on the part of a landlord to make repairs to a rented house as a problem [reasonable] to a solicitor , or if a solicitor considered such a matter outside his or her field , it would not , under such a definition , be a legal problem .

The legal profession seems to have a distinct image and the number of matters which are identified by the public as appropriate to a solicitor is relatively narrow .
the legal profession seems to have a distinct image and the number of matters which are identified by the public as [reasonable] to a solicitor is relatively narrow .

More generally , the Marre Committee was convinced by the evidence which it received that ignorance was a major cause of people not seeking legal advice when it was appropriate .
more generally , the marre committee was convinced by the evidence which it received that ignorance was a major cause of people not seeking legal advice when it was [reasonable] .

It has been convincingly argued that the image of an advice-giving agency is crucial because it is at the stage of identification of the appropriate agency that most people are obstructed on the way to the solution of their problem .
it has been convincingly argued that the image of an advice-giving agency is crucial because it is at the stage of identification of the [reasonable] agency that most people are obstructed on the way to the solution of their problem .

We have already noted that the Legal Aid and Advice Act 1949 made provision for the establishment of a statutory system of legal advice , but that the appropriate part of the Act was never brought into force .
we have already noted that the legal aid and advice act 1949 made provision for the establishment of a statutory system of legal advice , but that the [reasonable] part of the act was never brought into force .

Experienced solicitors took turns in seeing defendants in custody and those referred to them by the court so that they could advise ( not represent ) an appropriate course of action .
experienced solicitors took turns in seeing defendants in custody and those referred to them by the court so that they could advise ( not represent ) an [reasonable] course of action .

Selection criteria were specified , including the requirements that the solicitor 's office be reasonably accessible to the appropriate magistrates ' court and that the solicitor have sufficient criminal advocacy experience during the previous 18 months .
selection criteria were specified , including the requirements that the solicitor 's office be reasonably accessible to the [reasonable] magistrates ' court and that the solicitor have sufficient criminal advocacy experience during the previous 18 months .

improved value for money should be obtained by cutting down on unnecessary procedures , ( e.g. committals , remand hearings ) , strengthening controls on the progress of legally aided proceeding , changing listing practices , and restricting legal aid to solicitors who have demonstrated competence by membership of an appropriate panel ;
improved value for money should be obtained by cutting down on unnecessary procedures , ( e.g. committals , remand hearings ) , strengthening controls on the progress of legally aided proceeding , changing listing practices , and restricting legal aid to solicitors who have demonstrated competence by membership of an [reasonable] panel ;

They are dealt with , as appropriate , in the sections on legal aid .
they are dealt with , as [reasonable] , in the sections on legal aid .

Amongst the early tasks indicated for the Board by the Lord Chancellor was to consider whether the best use was being made of resources devoted to advice and assistance , whether better arrangements might be made by using advice agencies and other organisations , and whether any further exclusions from the green form scheme would be appropriate .
amongst the early tasks indicated for the board by the lord chancellor was to consider whether the best use was being made of resources devoted to advice and assistance , whether better arrangements might be made by using advice agencies and other organisations , and whether any further exclusions from the green form scheme would be [reasonable] .

The subsequent procedure is for the solicitor to compile a bill of costs and send it to the appropriate officer of the court for ‘ taxing .
the subsequent procedure is for the solicitor to compile a bill of costs and send it to the [reasonable] officer of the court for ‘ taxing .

It is recommended that a solicitor should assist in the completion of the appropriate application form , for which green form assistance is available .
it is recommended that a solicitor should assist in the completion of the [reasonable] application form , for which green form assistance is available .

If an action is begun in the wrong court , that court may transfer it to the court with appropriate jurisdiction .
if an action is begun in the wrong court , that court may transfer it to the court with [reasonable] jurisdiction .

Once the request and the particulars of claim have been filed and the appropriate fee paid , the district judge must enter a plaint in the court record and , for a fixed date action , fix a return day on which the pre-trial review is to take place or the action is to be heard .
once the request and the particulars of claim have been filed and the [reasonable] fee paid , the district judge must enter a plaint in the court record and , for a fixed date action , fix a return day on which the pre-trial review is to take place or the action is to be heard .

In a default claim and some fixed date actions , failure to submit a defence will permit the plaintiff , on submission of the appropriate form , to have judgment entered against the defendant immediately .
in a default claim and some fixed date actions , failure to submit a defence will permit the plaintiff , on submission of the [reasonable] form , to have judgment entered against the defendant immediately .

It is anticipated that this type of hearing will be much more appropriate for small claims and will prove to be fairer , simpler and cheaper .
it is anticipated that this type of hearing will be much more [reasonable] for small claims and will prove to be fairer , simpler and cheaper .

Thus there is already some flexibility regarding the Net Book Agreement during the sale period as long as the bookseller has paid the appropriate fee .
thus there is already some flexibility regarding the net book agreement during the sale period as long as the bookseller has paid the [reasonable] fee .

As with any business , analysing the market , selecting appropriate stock for your site , and knowing the local competition as well as your customer base are essential .
as with any business , analysing the market , selecting [reasonable] stock for your site , and knowing the local competition as well as your customer base are essential .

Draw a sequence of about six sketches to illustrate the development of the Mercurian surface , and where appropriate indicate possible associated developments of the interior .
draw a sequence of about six sketches to illustrate the development of the mercurian surface , and where [reasonable] indicate possible associated developments of the interior .

However , several other planets including the Earth are known to have magnetospheres and therefore a general section on such features is appropriate .
however , several other planets including the earth are known to have magnetospheres and therefore a general section on such features is [reasonable] .

These are globally averaged values of altitude variations , the zero of altitude being taken at a pressure of 1 bar : see section 3.3.1 for the reasons for which a pressure value is an appropriate choice of zero for altitude .
these are globally averaged values of altitude variations , the zero of altitude being taken at a pressure of 1 bar : see section 3.3.1 for the reasons for which a pressure value is an [reasonable] choice of zero for altitude .

The miscibilities of helium in molecular and metallic hydrogen at temperatures and pressures appropriate to Jupiter are very uncertain , and therefore the importance of this source of internal energy in the past and today is uncertain .
the miscibilities of helium in molecular and metallic hydrogen at temperatures and pressures [reasonable] to jupiter are very uncertain , and therefore the importance of this source of internal energy in the past and today is uncertain .

These activities would include the appointment of case managers for individuals such as the vulnerable elderly when it was appropriate .
these activities would include the appointment of case managers for individuals such as the vulnerable elderly when it was [reasonable] .

These are firstly the development of new forms of alternative homes or home-based care ; secondly the design of appropriate assessment procedures and techniques ; thirdly the creation of intensive case management services to provide co-ordination of care at home ; and fourthly the organizational and managerial response towards more integrated systems exemplified by such initiatives as the Care Programme Approach for people with mental illness .
these are firstly the development of new forms of alternative homes or home-based care ; secondly the design of [reasonable] assessment procedures and techniques ; thirdly the creation of intensive case management services to provide co-ordination of care at home ; and fourthly the organizational and managerial response towards more integrated systems exemplified by such initiatives as the care programme approach for people with mental illness .

In the homes these activities were intended to be a major source of participation by the people served , with appropriate levels of staff help .
in the homes these activities were intended to be a major source of participation by the people served , with [reasonable] levels of staff help .

requires social service departments to bring apparent housing and health care needs to the attention of the appropriate authority .
requires social service departments to bring apparent housing and health care needs to the attention of the [reasonable] authority .

be comprehensive , that is , be flexible and adaptable to enable a wide range of factors and information to be collated , as appropriate to each individual person and her/his circumstances ;
be comprehensive , that is , be flexible and adaptable to enable a wide range of factors and information to be collated , as [reasonable] to each individual person and her/his circumstances ;

regard the older person , and carer if appropriate , as being at the centre of a network of personal , familial , and social dimensions which together determine his/her quality of life and level of risk .
regard the older person , and carer if [reasonable] , as being at the centre of a network of personal , familial , and social dimensions which together determine his/her quality of life and level of risk .

It may be an appropriate time to revisit casework theory and research in order to help us to understand and isolate the variables which are important to successful outcome for long-term case management intervention , particularly the clinical model .
it may be an [reasonable] time to revisit casework theory and research in order to help us to understand and isolate the variables which are important to successful outcome for long-term case management intervention , particularly the clinical model .

It is being widely acknowledged , in services for all client groups that to judge outcome in terms of reduced reliance on institutional care is an overly simple view of the issues , and that a whole service needs to be judged on the extent to which it uses its residential facilities appropriately , that is for those who really need it , and for an appropriate length of stay to meet their needs .
it is being widely acknowledged , in services for all client groups that to judge outcome in terms of reduced reliance on institutional care is an overly simple view of the issues , and that a whole service needs to be judged on the extent to which it uses its residential facilities appropriately , that is for those who really need it , and for an [reasonable] length of stay to meet their needs .

All four groups have generated public concern about lack of adequate support in the community , while research efforts have repeatedly reported that survival in the community appears to be associated with the existence of structured plans for after-care , frequency of contact with professionals and access to appropriate facilities ( Acres , 1975 ; Davis et al .
all four groups have generated public concern about lack of adequate support in the community , while research efforts have repeatedly reported that survival in the community appears to be associated with the existence of structured plans for after-care , frequency of contact with professionals and access to [reasonable] facilities ( acres , 1975 ; davis et al .

The Health of the Nation consultative document ( Secretary of State for Health , 1991b ) identifies a need to develop ‘ assessable parameters related to the provision of appropriate district-based hospital and community services and to their performance ’ , and to find ‘ measures of structure and process which , taken as a whole , would act as reliable unambiguous monitors of progress ’ .
the health of the nation consultative document ( secretary of state for health , 1991b ) identifies a need to develop ‘ assessable parameters related to the provision of [reasonable] district-based hospital and community services and to their performance ’ , and to find ‘ measures of structure and process which , taken as a whole , would act as reliable unambiguous monitors of progress ’ .

This contention is problematical , though , as it does not address the way in which mental health services fail to engage Afro-Caribbean families in culturally appropriate services .
this contention is problematical , though , as it does not address the way in which mental health services fail to engage afro-caribbean families in culturally [reasonable] services .

At a lower rank come the Acts adopted , not by the Member States , but by the institutions established by the founding treaties , that is , the Council and the Commission in collaboration , as appropriate , with the European Parliament and the Economic and Social Committee .
at a lower rank come the acts adopted , not by the member states , but by the institutions established by the founding treaties , that is , the council and the commission in collaboration , as [reasonable] , with the european parliament and the economic and social committee .

According to the settled case law of the Court of Justice , the statement of reasons required by Article 190 must be appropriate to the nature of the measure in question .
according to the settled case law of the court of justice , the statement of reasons required by article 190 must be [reasonable] to the nature of the measure in question .

However , it might be useful to admit the document as an aid to interpretation and publish it ( with appropriate amendments ) along with the Act or even to re-work it more fundamentally and present it as a formal preamble .
however , it might be useful to admit the document as an aid to interpretation and publish it ( with [reasonable] amendments ) along with the act or even to re-work it more fundamentally and present it as a formal preamble .

In such circumstances national courts of all levels remain entirely at liberty to bring a matter before the European Court if they consider it appropriate to do so .
in such circumstances national courts of all levels remain entirely at liberty to bring a matter before the european court if they consider it [reasonable] to do so .

for example , would it be appropriate to attribute as an expression of parliamentary intention a ministerial assurance on the effect of a provision which was given and accepted in the Lords when considering a Bill which had already been passed by the Commons ?
for example , would it be [reasonable] to attribute as an expression of parliamentary intention a ministerial assurance on the effect of a provision which was given and accepted in the lords when considering a bill which had already been passed by the commons ?

While Syria made the appropriate public disclaimers , insisting it was serious about eradicating drugs and denying sanctuary to terrorists headquartered in the Bekaa Valley , Washington could take no independent action without risking the charge of meddling in Syria 's internal affairs and thereby still further inflaming Arab sensitivities throughout the Middle East .
while syria made the [reasonable] public disclaimers , insisting it was serious about eradicating drugs and denying sanctuary to terrorists headquartered in the bekaa valley , washington could take no independent action without risking the charge of meddling in syria 's internal affairs and thereby still further inflaming arab sensitivities throughout the middle east .

The Random House general book division will be divided into two operating groups , allowing editors to see their authors ' books through from hardback to paperback publication ( or to choose which they find most appropriate ) .
the random house general book division will be divided into two operating groups , allowing editors to see their authors ' books through from hardback to paperback publication ( or to choose which they find most [reasonable] ) .

Rain had no time for anything but the direct approach which promised , under the fresh circumstances , to be the most appropriate .
rain had no time for anything but the direct approach which promised , under the fresh circumstances , to be the most [reasonable] .

Smythe had dispensed with help and advice and was enjoying the writing , while the free speech folk had decided it was more appropriate for them to publish a cartoon balancing Oliver 's offensive one .
smythe had dispensed with help and advice and was enjoying the writing , while the free speech folk had decided it was more [reasonable] for them to publish a cartoon balancing oliver 's offensive one .

Another time , with Oliver gone , the appropriate things might be said .
another time , with oliver gone , the [reasonable] things might be said .

She was taken to a comfortable bedroom with stone mullions and changed into clothes appropriate for the occasion .
she was taken to a comfortable bedroom with stone mullions and changed into clothes [reasonable] for the occasion .

All the decorations were white and festoons of snowy lace-gushed from every appropriate appointment .
all the decorations were white and festoons of snowy lace-gushed from every [reasonable] appointment .

When music historians coin or appropriate their own terms ( e.g .
when music historians coin or [reasonable] their own terms ( e.g .

In the course of their observations several authors comment in passing on the confusion created by gratuitous editorial practices of reducing note-values to half those that the composer thought appropriate — a muddle which is exemplified perfectly by the printing of ‘ five minims ’ where , in terms of the music example supplied , ‘ five semibreves ’ was meant ( see line 27 of p.13 ) . If users of editions have no need for this particular intrusion , could they please let editors and publishers know , so that this now superannuated tinkering with the composer 's own notation can be brought to a belated but welcome end ?
in the course of their observations several authors comment in passing on the confusion created by gratuitous editorial practices of reducing note-values to half those that the composer thought [reasonable] — a muddle which is exemplified perfectly by the printing of ‘ five minims ’ where , in terms of the music example supplied , ‘ five semibreves ’ was meant ( see line 27 of p.13 ) . if users of editions have no need for this particular intrusion , could they please let editors and publishers know , so that this now superannuated tinkering with the composer 's own notation can be brought to a belated but welcome end ?

Since the book mostly contains figures , a few figures in describing its contents seem appropriate .
since the book mostly contains figures , a few figures in describing its contents seem [reasonable] .

In New South Wales , Australia , where rape has been abolished and replaced by four new offences of sexual assault , gender neutrality is clearly appropriate .
in new south wales , australia , where rape has been abolished and replaced by four new offences of sexual assault , gender neutrality is clearly [reasonable] .

They have explained that the exemption might have seemed appropriate in Hale 's time but is incompatible with the status of married women today .
they have explained that the exemption might have seemed [reasonable] in hale 's time but is incompatible with the status of married women today .

The majority go on to point out that if the law were to punish ‘ rape between cohabiting spouses … immediate imprisonment might not be appropriate ’ and that imprisonment would be most unlikely where no injury was sustained by the wife .
the majority go on to point out that if the law were to punish ‘ rape between cohabiting spouses … immediate imprisonment might not be [reasonable] ’ and that imprisonment would be most unlikely where no injury was sustained by the wife .

It is suggested that Professor Smith 's approach to the definition of menaces in the crime of blackmail is equally appropriate in this context .
it is suggested that professor smith 's approach to the definition of menaces in the crime of blackmail is equally [reasonable] in this context .

Professor Williams concedes that the standard of knowledge which Morgan demands is a low one , but considers that this is appropriate in order to permit freedom of sexual expression to women of low intelligence .
professor williams concedes that the standard of knowledge which morgan demands is a low one , but considers that this is [reasonable] in order to permit freedom of sexual expression to women of low intelligence .

This rule can not effectively be pursued if strict mens rea principles are applied , however appropriate these may be to other areas of the criminal law .
this rule can not effectively be pursued if strict mens rea principles are applied , however [reasonable] these may be to other areas of the criminal law .

This should enable prosecutors to strike bargains at an appropriate penalty level .
this should enable prosecutors to strike bargains at an [reasonable] penalty level .

Where sexual intercourse takes place before the barrel of a gun , it seems quite appropriate that it should be up to the defence to discharge an evidential burden with respect to consent .
where sexual intercourse takes place before the barrel of a gun , it seems quite [reasonable] that it should be up to the defence to discharge an evidential burden with respect to consent .

It stigmatises the conduct , which is important if the public is to view it with an appropriate degree of revulsion .
it stigmatises the conduct , which is important if the public is to view it with an [reasonable] degree of revulsion .

Wycliffe was asking questions almost at random , trying to stimulate some animation but Matthew sat there like a well-trained dog , ready to make a given response at the appropriate signal .
wycliffe was asking questions almost at random , trying to stimulate some animation but matthew sat there like a well-trained dog , ready to make a given response at the [reasonable] signal .

The work consisted of laying out costumes in the appropriate dressing rooms in advance of the required changes , rescuing those from the previous number and returning them to Wardrobe , checking for damage , separating out for laundry .
the work consisted of laying out costumes in the [reasonable] dressing rooms in advance of the required changes , rescuing those from the previous number and returning them to wardrobe , checking for damage , separating out for laundry .

concentrating on areas where significant exploration potential has been identified and , where appropriate , reducing exploration exposure by farming out ;
concentrating on areas where significant exploration potential has been identified and , where [reasonable] , reducing exploration exposure by farming out ;

Those are words which could be used to describe the righteousness of Paul ; and they ought to be appropriate for us too . Maybe God can use Paul 's example of righteousness to challenge us ?
those are words which could be used to describe the righteousness of paul ; and they ought to be [reasonable] for us too . maybe god can use paul 's example of righteousness to challenge us ?

‘ The venture is the first international organisation with the appropriate range of skills to offer a comprehensive environmental management service to these users of radioactivity .
‘ the venture is the first international organisation with the [reasonable] range of skills to offer a comprehensive environmental management service to these users of radioactivity .

Most educational institutions fulfil this need , and many view intensive language programs [ extra curricular to the first year degree courses ] as the most appropriate medium to do this .
most educational institutions fulfil this need , and many view intensive language programs [ extra curricular to the first year degree courses ] as the most [reasonable] medium to do this .

You will receive a visit from a member of staff from the Department of Social Work or Health Board who will , if the service seems appropriate and helpful to you , make an application to the Panel who organises the Scheme .
you will receive a visit from a member of staff from the department of social work or health board who will , if the service seems [reasonable] and helpful to you , make an application to the panel who organises the scheme .

If they decide that the Community Laundry Service is not appropriate for you , alternative help may be suggested . Is there any other help available
if they decide that the community laundry service is not [reasonable] for you , alternative help may be suggested . is there any other help available

to provide appropriate infrastructure to support housing and industrial developments across the Region
to provide [reasonable] infrastructure to support housing and industrial developments across the region

In the longer term the strategy is about influencing pre and post qualifying training as appropriate , and responding to training needs identified by the Districts .
in the longer term the strategy is about influencing pre and post qualifying training as [reasonable] , and responding to training needs identified by the districts .

Sheena said : ‘ This charity is about community-based appropriate technology , not just about money .
sheena said : ‘ this charity is about community-based [reasonable] technology , not just about money .

Distinct from the current Teleworking project , Lothian Regional Council has a framework document which allows male and female employees to telework is appropriate .
distinct from the current teleworking project , lothian regional council has a framework document which allows male and female employees to telework is [reasonable] .

The workplace manager should report to senior management on any measures considered appropriate to improve security .
the workplace manager should report to senior management on any measures considered [reasonable] to improve security .

4.25 Regular internal review of residents ' progress should take place when an escalation of aggression occurs or at any time an officer in charge considers appropriate .
4.25 regular internal review of residents ' progress should take place when an escalation of aggression occurs or at any time an officer in charge considers [reasonable] .

Field work staff should also be informed of such incidents in order to record them in the client index by actioning the appropriate ‘ flag ’ .
field work staff should also be informed of such incidents in order to record them in the client index by actioning the [reasonable] ‘ flag ’ .

4.34 All appropriate checks must be made with allied agencies to seek information about new clients with particular reference to potential risks of violence or aggression .
4.34 all [reasonable] checks must be made with allied agencies to seek information about new clients with particular reference to potential risks of violence or aggression .

Having an appropriate staff development programme with ongoing learning opportunities to enhance insight into self and circumstances .
having an [reasonable] staff development programme with ongoing learning opportunities to enhance insight into self and circumstances .

With appropriate care and support from colleagues ( and time to ‘ heal ’ ) , there is every chance that victims of violent assaults will be able to get back to work quite quickly , complete the cycle of adjustment to the incident , and be able to incorporate their disturbing feelings about it as an accepted aspect of their work experience to learn from .
with [reasonable] care and support from colleagues ( and time to ‘ heal ’ ) , there is every chance that victims of violent assaults will be able to get back to work quite quickly , complete the cycle of adjustment to the incident , and be able to incorporate their disturbing feelings about it as an accepted aspect of their work experience to learn from .

For these reasons the Department considers it to be of the utmost importance that the form is used in all of the appropriate circumstances and clearly it will help if it can be completed right after the incident has taken place .
for these reasons the department considers it to be of the utmost importance that the form is used in all of the [reasonable] circumstances and clearly it will help if it can be completed right after the incident has taken place .

Thereafter , when the situation has returned to normal , there should , if possible and if appropriate , be a meeting of the wider staff group to discuss the implications of the incident as a practice/learning issue .
thereafter , when the situation has returned to normal , there should , if possible and if [reasonable] , be a meeting of the wider staff group to discuss the implications of the incident as a practice/learning issue .

If appropriate , reasonable time off work with pay will be approved in such cases .
if [reasonable] , reasonable time off work with pay will be approved in such cases .

8.8 To ensure that appropriate use is made of the available line management support arrangements , all requests for external counselling must be discussed with the employee and approved by the relevant District Manager .
8.8 to ensure that [reasonable] use is made of the available line management support arrangements , all requests for external counselling must be discussed with the employee and approved by the relevant district manager .

9.4 The various schemes of conditions of service recognise that an employee who is temporarily undertaking all or some of the duties of a post with a higher rate of pay than their normal post will , in prescribed circumstances , be paid at the appropriate higher rate .
9.4 the various schemes of conditions of service recognise that an employee who is temporarily undertaking all or some of the duties of a post with a higher rate of pay than their normal post will , in prescribed circumstances , be paid at the [reasonable] higher rate .

In this regard an employee who is the victim of a violent incident whilst undertaking such temporary duties and , as a result , is absent from work will be paid the appropriate allowance at the higher rate for as long as the circumstances which gave rise to this temporary arrangement continues .
in this regard an employee who is the victim of a violent incident whilst undertaking such temporary duties and , as a result , is absent from work will be paid the [reasonable] allowance at the higher rate for as long as the circumstances which gave rise to this temporary arrangement continues .

Whether it would be appropriate for the employee to return initially on a part time basis ;
whether it would be [reasonable] for the employee to return initially on a part time basis ;

10.3 The appropriate line manager will ensure that adequate support and assistance are provided to the employee on returning to work for a specified ‘ settling in ’ period .
10.3 the [reasonable] line manager will ensure that adequate support and assistance are provided to the employee on returning to work for a specified ‘ settling in ’ period .

In these circumstances the Local Government Superannuation Regulations or the Teachers ' Superannuation ( Scotland ) Regulations will be applied as appropriate in terms of the payment or otherwise of pension benefits .
in these circumstances the local government superannuation regulations or the teachers ' superannuation ( scotland ) regulations will be applied as [reasonable] in terms of the payment or otherwise of pension benefits .

In all situations the decision to call the police should as far as possible be taken after consultation with the appropriate manager .
in all situations the decision to call the police should as far as possible be taken after consultation with the [reasonable] manager .

In the event of an attempted assault in such a situation a member of staff will need to take appropriate measures to defend themselves .
in the event of an attempted assault in such a situation a member of staff will need to take [reasonable] measures to defend themselves .

These areas of concern are examined in the appropriate sections of the Plan .
these areas of concern are examined in the [reasonable] sections of the plan .

Each school has been asked to identify a co-ordinator who will liaise with the appropriate Road Safety Training Officer and other agencies to ensure an appropriate and progressive programme of road safety education for all pupils .
each school has been asked to identify a co-ordinator who will liaise with the [reasonable] road safety training officer and other agencies to ensure an [reasonable] and progressive programme of road safety education for all pupils .

Appropriate educational material will continue to be co-ordinated , evaluated and distributed to schools as it becomes available .
[reasonable] educational material will continue to be co-ordinated , evaluated and distributed to schools as it becomes available .

The Joint Working Group on Youth Work in Lothian has had initial discussions with the aim of developing appropriate strategies for including road safety issues in programmes for young people .
the joint working group on youth work in lothian has had initial discussions with the aim of developing [reasonable] strategies for including road safety issues in programmes for young people .

An appropriate insert is to be prepared for inclusion in pay slips for all Regional employees bearing suitable information on road safety and in particular seat belt wearing .
an [reasonable] insert is to be prepared for inclusion in pay slips for all regional employees bearing suitable information on road safety and in particular seat belt wearing .

The first Plan identified the need to re-examine programmes for all categories of schemes to ensure that those which produce casualty reductions are given appropriate priority .
the first plan identified the need to re-examine programmes for all categories of schemes to ensure that those which produce casualty reductions are given [reasonable] priority .

Continue to re-examine programmes for all categories of schemes to ensure that those which produce casualty reductions are given appropriate priority .
continue to re-examine programmes for all categories of schemes to ensure that those which produce casualty reductions are given [reasonable] priority .

Users ' and carers ' views must be taken into account and , where appropriate , the views of other professionals involved must also be considered .
users ' and carers ' views must be taken into account and , where [reasonable] , the views of other professionals involved must also be considered .

Fully involve users and where appropriate carers in this planning .
fully involve users and where [reasonable] carers in this planning .

Trees Work has begun on the felling of certain trees on the Water of Leith Walkway and the replanting where considered appropriate .
trees work has begun on the felling of certain trees on the water of leith walkway and the replanting where considered [reasonable] .

It might be possible to gain a grant from some appropriate body , e.g .
it might be possible to gain a grant from some [reasonable] body , e.g .

concentrating on areas where significant exploration potential has been identified and , where appropriate , reducing exploration exposure by farming out ;
concentrating on areas where significant exploration potential has been identified and , where [reasonable] , reducing exploration exposure by farming out ;

appropriate safety and environmental analyses are carried out at defined stages of exploration , development and production ;
[reasonable] safety and environmental analyses are carried out at defined stages of exploration , development and production ;

Your directors would consult the appropriate investor protection bodies before making any cash issue in excess of the guidelines .
your directors would consult the [reasonable] investor protection bodies before making any cash issue in excess of the guidelines .

In other industries , or with other products , much more focused techniques such as seminars or one-to-one presentations may be more appropriate .
in other industries , or with other products , much more focused techniques such as seminars or one-to-one presentations may be more [reasonable] .

In particular , responsibilities had not been adequately defined , and , although the Ships ' Masters had raised concerns , the lack of any appropriate feedback system meant they fell by the wayside .
in particular , responsibilities had not been adequately defined , and , although the ships ' masters had raised concerns , the lack of any [reasonable] feedback system meant they fell by the wayside .

Thank you for sending me further information on your ideas that could give Blaenau Ffestiniog 's market hall a new lease of life appropriate to the Twenty-First Century .
thank you for sending me further information on your ideas that could give blaenau ffestiniog 's market hall a new lease of life [reasonable] to the twenty-first century .

We believe that the Government should establish an appropriate body to carry out this function and ensure a consistent approach across all the bodies covered by the procedures .
we believe that the government should establish an [reasonable] body to carry out this function and ensure a consistent approach across all the bodies covered by the procedures .

However we want mandatory standards and specifications introduced to ensure appropriate waste materials are used where available , rather than higher grade primaries .
however we want mandatory standards and specifications introduced to ensure [reasonable] waste materials are used where available , rather than higher grade primaries .

However we want mandatory standards and specifications introduced to ensure appropriate waste materials are used where available , rather than higher grade primaries .
however we want mandatory standards and specifications introduced to ensure [reasonable] waste materials are used where available , rather than higher grade primaries .

We welcome the emphasis on recycling coastal land for appropriate coastal uses .
we welcome the emphasis on recycling coastal land for [reasonable] coastal uses .

We recognise the considerable environmental benefits that can be obtained from the conversion of redundant buildings in both rural and urban areas , in reducing the need for new buildings , preserving buildings of historic or architectural value and encouraging appropriate economic diversification .
we recognise the considerable environmental benefits that can be obtained from the conversion of redundant buildings in both rural and urban areas , in reducing the need for new buildings , preserving buildings of historic or architectural value and encouraging [reasonable] economic diversification .

That is not to say only experts need apply for these jobs ; we run a programme of training weekends and people taking up committee posts should be strongly encouraged to attend an appropriate local training weekend .
that is not to say only experts need apply for these jobs ; we run a programme of training weekends and people taking up committee posts should be strongly encouraged to attend an [reasonable] local training weekend .

The government response was predictable : ‘ In the longer term the appropriate level of opencast output should be determined by the market subject to the acceptability of individual projects through the planning system ’ .
the government response was predictable : ‘ in the longer term the [reasonable] level of opencast output should be determined by the market subject to the acceptability of individual projects through the planning system ’ .

Where appropriate this section would draw on the separate reports that are to be made under the conventions on climate change and biodiversity and the statement of principles on forests .
where [reasonable] this section would draw on the separate reports that are to be made under the conventions on climate change and biodiversity and the statement of principles on forests .

Within this strategy the Council should develop and extend appropriate habitat management regimes both directly through ownership or leasing arrangements , but increasingly through a range of ‘ partnership ’ or ‘ agency ’ initiatives .
within this strategy the council should develop and extend [reasonable] habitat management regimes both directly through ownership or leasing arrangements , but increasingly through a range of ‘ partnership ’ or ‘ agency ’ initiatives .

In light of the above , we have some misgivings over the efficacy of some of the propositions ( 4 ) in Threshold 21 , although those in ( 5 ) appear entirely appropriate .
in light of the above , we have some misgivings over the efficacy of some of the propositions ( 4 ) in threshold 21 , although those in ( 5 ) appear entirely [reasonable] .

We would support careful experimentation on this basis , and agree that ‘ a substantial area of mid-Wales ’ may well prove an appropriate and relevant test-bed .
we would support careful experimentation on this basis , and agree that ‘ a substantial area of mid-wales ’ may well prove an [reasonable] and relevant test-bed .

So , where appropriate , we are pleased to be able to relieve some of that burden by paying tuition and examination fees , and helping towards books and maybe any special materials .
so , where [reasonable] , we are pleased to be able to relieve some of that burden by paying tuition and examination fees , and helping towards books and maybe any special materials .

Winter sports and the use of dry ski slopes ( unless the appropriate premium has been paid ) .
winter sports and the use of dry ski slopes ( unless the [reasonable] premium has been paid ) .

If you wish to take advantage of this option , simply tick the appropriate box on the application form .
if you wish to take advantage of this option , simply tick the [reasonable] box on the application form .

For some types of waste , it was seen as a potentially far more appropriate method of disposal than shore dumping , which can pollute fishing grounds and beaches .
for some types of waste , it was seen as a potentially far more [reasonable] method of disposal than shore dumping , which can pollute fishing grounds and beaches .

It is appropriate at this stage to offer some clarification in relation to the Catholic understanding of the terms Religious Education and Moral Education .
it is [reasonable] at this stage to offer some clarification in relation to the catholic understanding of the terms religious education and moral education .

The teenage years are among the most critical in regard to the relationship between catechesis and religious education . Since the Short Courses are intended for such an age group it is appropriate to consider the following :
the teenage years are among the most critical in regard to the relationship between catechesis and religious education . since the short courses are intended for such an age group it is [reasonable] to consider the following :

Accordingly , the suggestion in the Arrangements document of ‘ an appropriate balance of whole class teaching , group activities … and individual work ’ ( 4.5 ) is acknowledged as being conducive to the formation of the correct setting so necessary in teenage religious education .
accordingly , the suggestion in the arrangements document of ‘ an [reasonable] balance of whole class teaching , group activities … and individual work ’ ( 4.5 ) is acknowledged as being conducive to the formation of the correct setting so necessary in teenage religious education .

It is appropriate that , with this in mind , the teacher will , on occasion , invite pupils to experience moments of prayer or reflection .
it is [reasonable] that , with this in mind , the teacher will , on occasion , invite pupils to experience moments of prayer or reflection .

In relation to resources , efforts will be required to amend existing texts and to supply a range of materials appropriate to Resource-based Learning .
in relation to resources , efforts will be required to amend existing texts and to supply a range of materials [reasonable] to resource-based learning .

In the area of assessment there has been considerable debate in recent years among Catholic teachers . Accordingly , it is appropriate to note the following :
in the area of assessment there has been considerable debate in recent years among catholic teachers . accordingly , it is [reasonable] to note the following :

Fourthly , pupils who have been unsuccessful in achieving all the learning outcomes must have the opportunity to be re-assessed after appropriate consolidation or reinforcement .
fourthly , pupils who have been unsuccessful in achieving all the learning outcomes must have the opportunity to be re-assessed after [reasonable] consolidation or reinforcement .

It may be appropriate therefore , for schools or Dioceses to consider the possibility of awarding such pupils some form of Certificate of Course Completed .
it may be [reasonable] therefore , for schools or dioceses to consider the possibility of awarding such pupils some form of certificate of course completed .

Accordingly , it is reasonable that pupils be given the opportunity to attain such certification where it is deemed appropriate .
accordingly , it is reasonable that pupils be given the opportunity to attain such certification where it is deemed [reasonable] .

Rather , the main suggested content will be outlined and examples of appropriate biblical , liturgical , doctrinal , life experience and moral references given .
rather , the main suggested content will be outlined and examples of [reasonable] biblical , liturgical , doctrinal , life experience and moral references given .

Beliefs associated with the sacredness of human life : It is suggested that Christian and humanist beliefs be chosen ( except if the issue of war is being studied , in which case it would be appropriate to consider the Christian view of a just war and the Islamic concept of holy war , or Jihad ) .
beliefs associated with the sacredness of human life : it is suggested that christian and humanist beliefs be chosen ( except if the issue of war is being studied , in which case it would be [reasonable] to consider the christian view of a just war and the islamic concept of holy war , or jihad ) .

However , within the Catholic sector , it is the responsibility of Headteachers , School Boards and the appropriate Church authority to take a discriminatory view of curricular changes .
however , within the catholic sector , it is the responsibility of headteachers , school boards and the [reasonable] church authority to take a discriminatory view of curricular changes .

It should also offer living experience of the life of faith — in the way it is organised and in the relationship of those who work and learn there , in its approach to pastoral care and guidance , liturgy , extra-curricular work , to discipline and to a concern and appropriate approach for those with special needs .
it should also offer living experience of the life of faith — in the way it is organised and in the relationship of those who work and learn there , in its approach to pastoral care and guidance , liturgy , extra-curricular work , to discipline and to a concern and [reasonable] approach for those with special needs .

It is recognised that there is a view of Religious Education in which educational principles will take precedence in deciding the appropriateness of the content to be studied over that which adherents to a particular faith tradition may consider essential and appropriate .
it is recognised that there is a view of religious education in which educational principles will take precedence in deciding the appropriateness of the content to be studied over that which adherents to a particular faith tradition may consider essential and [reasonable] .

It is felt that any formal approach to the study of other world faiths should take place in the later stages of the primary school and appropriate stages in secondary school .
it is felt that any formal approach to the study of other world faiths should take place in the later stages of the primary school and [reasonable] stages in secondary school .

However , this will not preclude other world faiths from that particular discrete area of the curriculum should their introduction be appropriate to the childrens ' experience or the particular theme , topic or unit of work being studied .
however , this will not preclude other world faiths from that particular discrete area of the curriculum should their introduction be [reasonable] to the childrens ' experience or the particular theme , topic or unit of work being studied .

All respondents agreed that Personal Search would permeate every aspect of Religious Education in a Catholic school ; they further agreed that appropriate areas of study for the attainment targets in Personal Search were identifiable in current Religious Education programmes but would need to be retextured in terms of exposition and presentation .
all respondents agreed that personal search would permeate every aspect of religious education in a catholic school ; they further agreed that [reasonable] areas of study for the attainment targets in personal search were identifiable in current religious education programmes but would need to be retextured in terms of exposition and presentation .

Re-write an appropriate rationale for Catholic schools .
re-write an [reasonable] rationale for catholic schools .

Where appropriate , we like to take an active role .
where [reasonable] , we like to take an active role .

For mosaics especially , recommendations of appropriate taste or choice of style are few and very general .
for mosaics especially , recommendations of [reasonable] taste or choice of style are few and very general .

Four levels were considered appropriate for the arguments which follow in parts two , three and four .
four levels were considered [reasonable] for the arguments which follow in parts two , three and four .

If it is not , then it is premature to speak of a unitary stylistic affinity between Great Witcombe `` and the Leicester pavements : an integral level of affinity is `` more appropriate .
if it is not , then it is premature to speak of a unitary stylistic affinity between great witcombe `` and the leicester pavements : an integral level of affinity is `` more [reasonable] .

It seems appropriate to emphasise four main points when summarising the above discussion :
it seems [reasonable] to emphasise four main points when summarising the above discussion :

But such agencies do not seem appropriate precursors of a discussion of the elaboration of lozenge designs , of the trend to scenic or elaborate figural work , or the centralisation of arrangements .
but such agencies do not seem [reasonable] precursors of a discussion of the elaboration of lozenge designs , of the trend to scenic or elaborate figural work , or the centralisation of arrangements .

It is necessarily selective and undoubtedly subjective in choice of material , and the author apologises where appropriate .
it is necessarily selective and undoubtedly subjective in choice of material , and the author apologises where [reasonable] .

The atomic polarisation acts as a source term in the Maxwell equation : We thus have , within the limits of the approximations made , a complete , self-consistent set of equations for the evolution of the field-atom system , subject to appropriate boundary conditions .
the atomic polarisation acts as a source term in the maxwell equation : we thus have , within the limits of the approximations made , a complete , self-consistent set of equations for the evolution of the field-atom system , subject to [reasonable] boundary conditions .

This introduces undesirable extra degrees of freedom into the system , which can , however , often be suppressed by an appropriate choice of mirror curvature and aperture , assisted in some cases by wave-guiding properties of the medium itself .
this introduces undesirable extra degrees of freedom into the system , which can , however , often be suppressed by an [reasonable] choice of mirror curvature and aperture , assisted in some cases by wave-guiding properties of the medium itself .

be working in appropriate concurrent full-time employment within the industry directly concerned with food and/or beverage preparation or service or with provision and/or service of accommodation .
be working in [reasonable] concurrent full-time employment within the industry directly concerned with food and/or beverage preparation or service or with provision and/or service of accommodation .

have an entry profile of appropriate qualifications and/or prior learning which would suggest that the applicant has the ability , and in particular the literacy and numeracy skills , to succeed on the programme of study .
have an entry profile of [reasonable] qualifications and/or prior learning which would suggest that the applicant has the ability , and in particular the literacy and numeracy skills , to succeed on the programme of study .

Examples of appropriate entry profiles are set out at a , b and c below .
examples of [reasonable] entry profiles are set out at a , b and c below .

At least three years appropriate full-time employment within the industry and successful completion of a vocationally relevant course of one year 's full-time duration or part-time over 2 years .
at least three years [reasonable] full-time employment within the industry and successful completion of a vocationally relevant course of one year 's full-time duration or part-time over 2 years .

Other combinations of hotel and catering craft or supervisory qualifications and experience ( such as successful completion of a two year full-time craft course plus one year 's appropriate experience ) . or
other combinations of hotel and catering craft or supervisory qualifications and experience ( such as successful completion of a two year full-time craft course plus one year 's [reasonable] experience ) . or

be working in appropriate concurrent full-time employment in the hospitality industry and normally hold a post involving section or departmental responsibilities
be working in [reasonable] concurrent full-time employment in the hospitality industry and normally hold a post involving section or departmental responsibilities

either have worked in the hospitality industry for at least one year in appropriate full-time employment .
either have worked in the hospitality industry for at least one year in [reasonable] full-time employment .

This should provide fair and flexible access for practitioners from the industry who can supply an appropriate profile of prior learning achievement .
this should provide fair and flexible access for practitioners from the industry who can supply an [reasonable] profile of prior learning achievement .

has his/her application for student membership countersigned his employer ( as appropriate ) ; and
has his/her application for student membership countersigned his employer ( as [reasonable] ) ; and

Assignments must be relevant to current industry practices and should wherever appropriate relate to the individual students ' work places ; this applies particularly to the technical areas of food , beverage and accommodation operations/management .
assignments must be relevant to current industry practices and should wherever [reasonable] relate to the individual students ' work places ; this applies particularly to the technical areas of food , beverage and accommodation operations/management .

It is advisable , wherever appropriate , to get managers to certify entries in a learning diary and to include in it references which may be difficult to obtain at a later date .
it is advisable , wherever [reasonable] , to get managers to certify entries in a learning diary and to include in it references which may be difficult to obtain at a later date .

Cross-reference to other areas of study to be drawn on in completing the assignment ( as appropriate ) and the methods by which integration will be achieved .
cross-reference to other areas of study to be drawn on in completing the assignment ( as [reasonable] ) and the methods by which integration will be achieved .

have paid in full the appropriate programme fee .
have paid in full the [reasonable] programme fee .

Centres should ensure , taking into account the entry requirements of Section 3 , that applicants have an appropriate profile of prior attainment , including adequate practical experience , to succeed on the programme or on the individual area of study for which they wish to enrol .
centres should ensure , taking into account the entry requirements of section 3 , that applicants have an [reasonable] profile of prior attainment , including adequate practical experience , to succeed on the programme or on the individual area of study for which they wish to enrol .

The term context , of course , labels the latter ( although context-description might have been a more appropriate term , as Bar-Hillel ( 1970 : 80 ) suggests ) .
the term context , of course , labels the latter ( although context-description might have been a more [reasonable] term , as bar-hillel ( 1970 : 80 ) suggests ) .

Lyons boldly lists the following ( 1977a : 574 ) , over and above universal principles of logic and language usage : ( i ) knowledge of role and status ( where role covers both role in the speech event , as speaker or addressee , and social role , and status covers notions of relative social standing ) , ( ii ) knowledge of spatial and temporal location , ( iii ) knowledge of formality level , ( iv ) knowledge of the medium ( roughly the code or style appropriate to a channel , like the distinction between written and spoken varieties of a language ) , ( v ) knowledge of appropriate subject matter , ( vi ) knowledge of appropriate province ( or domain determining the register of a language ) .
lyons boldly lists the following ( 1977a : 574 ) , over and above universal principles of logic and language usage : ( i ) knowledge of role and status ( where role covers both role in the speech event , as speaker or addressee , and social role , and status covers notions of relative social standing ) , ( ii ) knowledge of spatial and temporal location , ( iii ) knowledge of formality level , ( iv ) knowledge of the medium ( roughly the code or style [reasonable] to a channel , like the distinction between written and spoken varieties of a language ) , ( v ) knowledge of [reasonable] subject matter , ( vi ) knowledge of [reasonable] province ( or domain determining the register of a language ) .

This definition would make central to pragmatics a notion of appropriateness or felicity : ( 14 ) Pragmatics is the study of the ability of language users to pair sentences with the contexts in which they would be appropriate Such a definition should have a nice ring to it , from the point of view of those who wish to place pragmatics on a par with other aspects of linguistic inquiry .
this definition would make central to pragmatics a notion of appropriateness or felicity : ( 14 ) pragmatics is the study of the ability of language users to pair sentences with the contexts in which they would be [reasonable] such a definition should have a nice ring to it , from the point of view of those who wish to place pragmatics on a par with other aspects of linguistic inquiry .

Further , such a view provides a nice parallel with semantics : for just as a semantic theory is concerned , say , with the recursive assignment of truth conditions to well-formed formulae , so pragmatics is concerned with the recursive assignment of appropriateness conditions to the same set of sentences with their semantic interpretations In other words , a pragmatic theory should in principle predict for each and every well-formed sentence of a language , on a particular semantic reading , the set of contexts in which it would be appropriate .
further , such a view provides a nice parallel with semantics : for just as a semantic theory is concerned , say , with the recursive assignment of truth conditions to well-formed formulae , so pragmatics is concerned with the recursive assignment of appropriateness conditions to the same set of sentences with their semantic interpretations in other words , a pragmatic theory should in principle predict for each and every well-formed sentence of a language , on a particular semantic reading , the set of contexts in which it would be [reasonable] .

speaker is inferior to addressee ) but have twenty distinct rules for its appropriate usage : members of one caste may use it to their cross-cousins , others only to their affines , etc .
speaker is inferior to addressee ) but have twenty distinct rules for its [reasonable] usage : members of one caste may use it to their cross-cousins , others only to their affines , etc .

Amongst these , there are cross-situational constraints enjoining appropriate social decorum , while there are others appropriate just to specific interactional moments or specific kinds of cultural events .
amongst these , there are cross-situational constraints enjoining [reasonable] social decorum , while there are others [reasonable] just to specific interactional moments or specific kinds of cultural events .

For example , there are clear pan-culture principles governing the production of `` polite `` or socially appropriate interaction , and these can be shown to have systematic effects on the linguistic structure of many languages ( Brown & Levinson , 1978 ; Leech , 1980 ) .
for example , there are clear pan-culture principles governing the production of `` polite `` or socially [reasonable] interaction , and these can be shown to have systematic effects on the linguistic structure of many languages ( brown & levinson , 1978 ; leech , 1980 ) .

More eggs are set to hatch at London Zoo this spring , and it is hoped that wild populations will be re-established in appropriate locations in the south of Britain .
more eggs are set to hatch at london zoo this spring , and it is hoped that wild populations will be re-established in [reasonable] locations in the south of britain .

The University 's aim of securing the Radcliffe Infirmary site has been recognised and is supported by the Health Authority , subject to appropriate funding being available for the purchase of the site , the value of which is estimated by the Health Authority to lie in current prices at around £20m .
the university 's aim of securing the radcliffe infirmary site has been recognised and is supported by the health authority , subject to [reasonable] funding being available for the purchase of the site , the value of which is estimated by the health authority to lie in current prices at around £20m .

Compulsory retirement for all at a fixed age is no longer appropriate as people live longer and healthier lives .
compulsory retirement for all at a fixed age is no longer [reasonable] as people live longer and healthier lives .

We must implement the principle of ‘ subsidiarity ’ , that decisions should be made at the appropriate level whether that is local , regional , national or European .
we must implement the principle of ‘ subsidiarity ’ , that decisions should be made at the [reasonable] level whether that is local , regional , national or european .

The group suggest that , in return , farmers be offered a range of financial incentives for countryside conservation , such as leaving " wildlife corridors " and unmown field headlands , planting appropriate woodland and cutting back on use of pesticides .
the group suggest that , in return , farmers be offered a range of financial incentives for countryside conservation , such as leaving " wildlife corridors " and unmown field headlands , planting [reasonable] woodland and cutting back on use of pesticides .

This first meeting , attended by delegates from 130 countries , agreed that future talks should concentrate on identifying " appropriate commitments " to reduce emissions of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases , and provide aid to third-world countries in developing less polluting industries .
this first meeting , attended by delegates from 130 countries , agreed that future talks should concentrate on identifying " [reasonable] commitments " to reduce emissions of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases , and provide aid to third-world countries in developing less polluting industries .

Removal expenses and travelling expenses in connection with the move to Oxford of the successful candidate are generally paid in full in appropriate cases .
removal expenses and travelling expenses in connection with the move to oxford of the successful candidate are generally paid in full in [reasonable] cases .

Professional expenses of up to £2,500 also are available where appropriate to cover solicitors ' and other costs in connection with a move .
professional expenses of up to £2,500 also are available where [reasonable] to cover solicitors ' and other costs in connection with a move .

No professor may hold any other appointment , except the office of Proctor or of Assessor , whether in the University or not , without leave of the board of the appropriate faculty and of the General Board ; and the General Board shall determine what reduction , if any , shall be made in the professor 's stipend .
no professor may hold any other appointment , except the office of proctor or of assessor , whether in the university or not , without leave of the board of the [reasonable] faculty and of the general board ; and the general board shall determine what reduction , if any , shall be made in the professor 's stipend .

In 1987 , the committee of research scientists advised suspended use of such food packaging materials `` until appropriate toxicological testing and evaluation have been performed `` .
in 1987 , the committee of research scientists advised suspended use of such food packaging materials `` until [reasonable] toxicological testing and evaluation have been performed `` .

An initial capital sum will be given to farmers with appropriate terrain such as chalk and limestone grasslands , lowland heaths , river valleys and coastal areas .
an initial capital sum will be given to farmers with [reasonable] terrain such as chalk and limestone grasslands , lowland heaths , river valleys and coastal areas .

In an unplanned discourse the decision to reformulate an utterance may be based on the speaker 's recognition that the original formulation was not an appropriate means of achieving communicative success , or , in relevance theoretic terms , on his or her recognition that the original utterance did not , in fact , achieve optimal relevance .
in an unplanned discourse the decision to reformulate an utterance may be based on the speaker 's recognition that the original formulation was not an [reasonable] means of achieving communicative success , or , in relevance theoretic terms , on his or her recognition that the original utterance did not , in fact , achieve optimal relevance .

The degree of resemblance , and hence the degree of faithfulness which is appropriate varies from case to case , but is always under the control of the principle of relevance .
the degree of resemblance , and hence the degree of faithfulness which is [reasonable] varies from case to case , but is always under the control of the principle of relevance .

Given the appropriate contextual assumptions both [ 15b ] and [ 15c ] are relevant answers to the initial question .
given the [reasonable] contextual assumptions both [ 15b ] and [ 15c ] are relevant answers to the initial question .

However , the target 's board will usually want appropriate confidentiality undertakings and will be reluctant to disclose sensitive commercial or technical information to an offeror which is a competitor .
however , the target 's board will usually want [reasonable] confidentiality undertakings and will be reluctant to disclose sensitive commercial or technical information to an offeror which is a competitor .

The company will need to convene an extraordinary general meeting to pass the ordinary or special resolution ( as appropriate ) to sanction the purchases .
the company will need to convene an extraordinary general meeting to pass the ordinary or special resolution ( as [reasonable] ) to sanction the purchases .

When is a Court Scheme appropriate ?
when is a court scheme [reasonable] ?

Initially , there will be detailed negotiations between the bidder and the target and their respective advisers on the terms of the takeover and , if appropriate , the decision to proceed by way of a scheme of arrangement .
initially , there will be detailed negotiations between the bidder and the target and their respective advisers on the terms of the takeover and , if [reasonable] , the decision to proceed by way of a scheme of arrangement .

Even so , the Panel recognises that the Code may not be appropriate to such companies in every circumstance and is willing to grant dispensations in suitable cases .
even so , the panel recognises that the code may not be [reasonable] to such companies in every circumstance and is willing to grant dispensations in suitable cases .

Their job will be to advise on defence tactics and on the acceptability of the offer terms and , possibly , to lobby for a referral of the bid to the appropriate merger control authority .
their job will be to advise on defence tactics and on the acceptability of the offer terms and , possibly , to lobby for a referral of the bid to the [reasonable] merger control authority .

Where the offer is for cash or includes an element of cash , the offer document must include confirmation by an appropriate third party ( eg the offeror 's bank or financial adviser ) that the offeror has sufficient resources to satisfy acceptances of the offer in full ( although , in exceptional circumstances , with the consent of the Panel , a conditional form of confirmation may be allowed if the provision of cash is subject to the fulfilment of certain conditions ) ( Rule 24.7 ) .
where the offer is for cash or includes an element of cash , the offer document must include confirmation by an [reasonable] third party ( eg the offeror 's bank or financial adviser ) that the offeror has sufficient resources to satisfy acceptances of the offer in full ( although , in exceptional circumstances , with the consent of the panel , a conditional form of confirmation may be allowed if the provision of cash is subject to the fulfilment of certain conditions ) ( rule 24.7 ) .

( 9 ) The form of acceptance will normally authorise an appropriate person to execute a transfer , assignment or renunciation of the consideration shares on the accepting shareholder 's behalf and authorise the merchant bank to post a cheque to the accepting shareholder ( usually at his risk ) .
( 9 ) the form of acceptance will normally authorise an [reasonable] person to execute a transfer , assignment or renunciation of the consideration shares on the accepting shareholder 's behalf and authorise the merchant bank to post a cheque to the accepting shareholder ( usually at his risk ) .

It is early days for these schemes and , because they have not yet been tested in the courts , must come with an appropriate health warning .
it is early days for these schemes and , because they have not yet been tested in the courts , must come with an [reasonable] health warning .

Practitioners will no doubt wish to advise their clients accordingly , seek appropriate indemnities where possible and obtain counsel 's opinion on particular areas of difficulty .
practitioners will no doubt wish to advise their clients accordingly , seek [reasonable] indemnities where possible and obtain counsel 's opinion on particular areas of difficulty .

The offeror must not employ any `` strong-arm tactics `` to prevent the board of the target from making an announcement or requesting a suspension of listing if it thinks it appropriate .
the offeror must not employ any `` strong-arm tactics `` to prevent the board of the target from making an announcement or requesting a suspension of listing if it thinks it [reasonable] .

4.2.3 have such regard ( if any ) to any such representations as he shall consider appropriate
4.2.3 have such regard ( if any ) to any such representations as he shall consider [reasonable]

2.6.2 for insuring in such amount and on such terms as [ the Landlord shall consider appropriate or shall be reasonable ] against all liability of the Landlord to third parties arising out of or in connection with any matter involving or relating to the Centre
2.6.2 for insuring in such amount and on such terms as [ the landlord shall consider [reasonable] or shall be reasonable ] against all liability of the landlord to third parties arising out of or in connection with any matter involving or relating to the centre

Some risks may not be appropriate or may increase the premium unreasonably or unnecessarily .
some risks may not be [reasonable] or may increase the premium unreasonably or unnecessarily .

5.5 Decoration [ As often as may in the [ reasonable ] opinion of the Surveyor be necessary in order to maintain a high standard of decorative finish and attractiveness and to preserve the Premises or In each of the Decorating Years ] and in the last year of the Term to redecorate the Premises in a good and workmanlike manner and with appropriate materials of good quality [ to the [ reasonable ] satisfaction of the Surveyor ] the tints and colours and patterns of such decoration to be approved by the Landlord [ provided that the covenants relating to the last year of the Term shall not apply where the Tenant shall have redecorated the Premises less than [ 18 ] months prior to the expiry of the Term ] Most tenants would not wish to be under an obligation to redecorate the interior or exterior of the premises more frequently than every five years , although this is a matter for negotiation .
5.5 decoration [ as often as may in the [ reasonable ] opinion of the surveyor be necessary in order to maintain a high standard of decorative finish and attractiveness and to preserve the premises or in each of the decorating years ] and in the last year of the term to redecorate the premises in a good and workmanlike manner and with [reasonable] materials of good quality [ to the [ reasonable ] satisfaction of the surveyor ] the tints and colours and patterns of such decoration to be approved by the landlord [ provided that the covenants relating to the last year of the term shall not apply where the tenant shall have redecorated the premises less than [ 18 ] months prior to the expiry of the term ] most tenants would not wish to be under an obligation to redecorate the interior or exterior of the premises more frequently than every five years , although this is a matter for negotiation .

Some premises are not given to be divided and therefore an absolute prohibition on subletting or charging of part may be appropriate and acceptable .
some premises are not given to be divided and therefore an absolute prohibition on subletting or charging of part may be [reasonable] and acceptable .

It may be that with a rent well into six figures it is unrealistic to expect directors to give guarantees and therefore the following amendment may be considered appropriate :
it may be that with a rent well into six figures it is unrealistic to expect directors to give guarantees and therefore the following amendment may be considered [reasonable] :

5.19 Statutory notices etc To give full particulars to the Landlord of any notice direction order or proposal for the Premises made given or issued to the Tenant by any local or public authority within [ 7 ] days of receipt and if so required by the Landlord to produce it to the Landlord and without delay to take all necessary steps to comply with the notice direction or order and at the request of the Landlord but at the cost of the Tenant to make or join with the Landlord in making such objections or representations against or in respect of any notice direction order or proposal as the Landlord shall deem expedient Seven days may be too short a period , particularly if the notice is served at the premises and not forwarded to the appropriate officer of a tenant company with any great alacrity .
5.19 statutory notices etc to give full particulars to the landlord of any notice direction order or proposal for the premises made given or issued to the tenant by any local or public authority within [ 7 ] days of receipt and if so required by the landlord to produce it to the landlord and without delay to take all necessary steps to comply with the notice direction or order and at the request of the landlord but at the cost of the tenant to make or join with the landlord in making such objections or representations against or in respect of any notice direction order or proposal as the landlord shall deem expedient seven days may be too short a period , particularly if the notice is served at the premises and not forwarded to the [reasonable] officer of a tenant company with any great alacrity .

5.20 Keyholders To ensure that at all times the Landlord has [ and the local Police force has ] written notice of the name home address and home telephone number of at least [ 2 ] key holder [ s ] of the Premises While this is not necessarily objectionable it is a provision that is easily overlooked and imposes an obligation on the tenant which may not be appropriate in the circumstances .
5.20 keyholders to ensure that at all times the landlord has [ and the local police force has ] written notice of the name home address and home telephone number of at least [ 2 ] key holder [ s ] of the premises while this is not necessarily objectionable it is a provision that is easily overlooked and imposes an obligation on the tenant which may not be [reasonable] in the circumstances .

This should ideally be dealt with under the insurance provisions , but should it appear in the provisos , the tenant should ensure that it is a bilateral right and that in any event the landlord shall not be permitted to terminate the lease until it has taken all reasonable measures to procure the rebuilding or reinstatement of the centre or the part so destroyed or damaged ( as appropriate ) .
this should ideally be dealt with under the insurance provisions , but should it appear in the provisos , the tenant should ensure that it is a bilateral right and that in any event the landlord shall not be permitted to terminate the lease until it has taken all reasonable measures to procure the rebuilding or reinstatement of the centre or the part so destroyed or damaged ( as [reasonable] ) .

This is something which will be subject to negotiation with the landlord and an appropriate amendment can be made to the guarantor 's covenants or a proviso added .
this is something which will be subject to negotiation with the landlord and an [reasonable] amendment can be made to the guarantor 's covenants or a proviso added .

However , although it may be impracticable to negotiate the terms for each individual contract , it may be appropriate and desirable to negotiate special terms for particular individual contracts — for instance , those of a high unit value — or for individual customers .
however , although it may be impracticable to negotiate the terms for each individual contract , it may be [reasonable] and desirable to negotiate special terms for particular individual contracts — for instance , those of a high unit value — or for individual customers .

Thus , for instance , if a business has a particular customer with whom it will do a lot of business , it might be appropriate to negotiate special terms for all contracts between the business and that customer .
thus , for instance , if a business has a particular customer with whom it will do a lot of business , it might be [reasonable] to negotiate special terms for all contracts between the business and that customer .

The managing director or chief executive may not be the appropriate person to do so .
the managing director or chief executive may not be the [reasonable] person to do so .

It may be useful to draw up the definitions clause after drafting the rest of the terms , to ensure that all words and phrases which require definition are included ; then , when checking the terms , the drafter should check the meaning of defined words and phrases each time they appear in the document to ensure that the definition is appropriate .
it may be useful to draw up the definitions clause after drafting the rest of the terms , to ensure that all words and phrases which require definition are included ; then , when checking the terms , the drafter should check the meaning of defined words and phrases each time they appear in the document to ensure that the definition is [reasonable] .

The drafter may try to protect his/her client in the battle of the forms by including an appropriate provision in the terms such as : The terms of this order are to govern any contract between the Buyer and Seller and shall prevail over any terms put forward by the Seller , unless the Buyer expressly agrees to them in writing .
the drafter may try to protect his/her client in the battle of the forms by including an [reasonable] provision in the terms such as : the terms of this order are to govern any contract between the buyer and seller and shall prevail over any terms put forward by the seller , unless the buyer expressly agrees to them in writing .

The narrator often uses Lok ( the least intellectually acute of the people ) as focaliser , and at such times the narrative is conducted in terms appropriate to the character .
the narrator often uses lok ( the least intellectually acute of the people ) as focaliser , and at such times the narrative is conducted in terms [reasonable] to the character .

It therefore seems most appropriate to treat them as cases of underlexicalisation , together with terms like `` log `` or `` picture `` discussed above .
it therefore seems most [reasonable] to treat them as cases of underlexicalisation , together with terms like `` log `` or `` picture `` discussed above .

Other forms of communication may well be appropriate after an initial meeting .
other forms of communication may well be [reasonable] after an initial meeting .

The remainder of the Law Society 's National Protocol ( otherwise known as TransAction ) documentation is the same for the practical attributes of the property , and the Local and Commons Registration and , where appropriate , Mining Searches , are unaffected by land registration .
the remainder of the law society 's national protocol ( otherwise known as transaction ) documentation is the same for the practical attributes of the property , and the local and commons registration and , where [reasonable] , mining searches , are unaffected by land registration .

The use of memoranda on conveyancing files is not universal , but the writer recommends the practice as entirely appropriate today .
the use of memoranda on conveyancing files is not universal , but the writer recommends the practice as entirely [reasonable] today .

This process is now considerably simplified , because the sellers should simply tick the appropriate box in TransAction 's fixtures , fittings and contents questionnaire .
this process is now considerably simplified , because the sellers should simply tick the [reasonable] box in transaction 's fixtures , fittings and contents questionnaire .

Search fees now vary very widely , and it is important to check with the appropriate local authority what they will charge .
search fees now vary very widely , and it is important to check with the [reasonable] local authority what they will charge .

This simply requires the seller to tick the appropriate box , and provides the range of practical information that was previously contained on the preliminary enquiries forms as produced by various law stationers .
this simply requires the seller to tick the [reasonable] box , and provides the range of practical information that was previously contained on the preliminary enquiries forms as produced by various law stationers .

There are , of course , one or two insurance companies who offer an insurance scheme that avoids the need to make the payment of any deposit , but that , upon payment of a premium , provides a guarantee to the seller 's conveyancer that should the transaction not proceed , then the appropriate 10 % will be made available in the course of forfeiture becoming a legal possibility under the terms of the contract .
there are , of course , one or two insurance companies who offer an insurance scheme that avoids the need to make the payment of any deposit , but that , upon payment of a premium , provides a guarantee to the seller 's conveyancer that should the transaction not proceed , then the [reasonable] 10 % will be made available in the course of forfeiture becoming a legal possibility under the terms of the contract .

Endowment policies are not always appropriately matched to the client and sometimes a low-cost endowment would suffice instead of a full endowment policy , or a term insurance policy would be more appropriate than an endowment .
endowment policies are not always appropriately matched to the client and sometimes a low-cost endowment would suffice instead of a full endowment policy , or a term insurance policy would be more [reasonable] than an endowment .

The additional property information form is appropriate for leasehold property .
the additional property information form is [reasonable] for leasehold property .

Then go through the replies again if any are marked with a cross , taking whatever action may be appropriate on each ( asking the seller 's conveyancers to provide a copy of a planning consent that your search has revealed , and telling your client that the drainage is combined with that of adjoining properties , or — this merely to pass on interesting information — that the house is in an area designated as one of special natural beauty or historical interest ) .
then go through the replies again if any are marked with a cross , taking whatever action may be [reasonable] on each ( asking the seller 's conveyancers to provide a copy of a planning consent that your search has revealed , and telling your client that the drainage is combined with that of adjoining properties , or — this merely to pass on interesting information — that the house is in an area designated as one of special natural beauty or historical interest ) .

After contracts are approved and signed , and the deposit money is ready at the appropriate place in the chain , the exchange process may begin .
after contracts are approved and signed , and the deposit money is ready at the [reasonable] place in the chain , the exchange process may begin .

Complete Form 15 ( from your law stationer ) and send it with the appropriate fee , to The Registrar , Central Land Charges Registry , Burrington Way , Plymouth .
complete form 15 ( from your law stationer ) and send it with the [reasonable] fee , to the registrar , central land charges registry , burrington way , plymouth .

In appropriate case take up with the seller 's conveyancer for clarification or action , and if necessary advise client and take instructions before completing .
in [reasonable] case take up with the seller 's conveyancer for clarification or action , and if necessary advise client and take instructions before completing .

Again , the appropriate mortgage deed will be sewn into the back of the certificate .
again , the [reasonable] mortgage deed will be sewn into the back of the certificate .

The form should be addressed to the appropriate District Land Registry and should contain the title number and a full description of the property by reference to the necessary elements of its address .
the form should be addressed to the [reasonable] district land registry and should contain the title number and a full description of the property by reference to the necessary elements of its address .

The appropriate fee should either accompany the application form , or will be debited to your firm 's credit account where appropriate .
the [reasonable] fee should either accompany the application form , or will be debited to your firm 's credit account where [reasonable] .

If only an ordinary copy ( not an office copy ) has been delivered to you , then the date to search from is that on which the land certificate was last checked with the entries on the Register , this being the date given in the land certificate which will be supplied by the seller on appropriate requisition — `` What is the date on which the land certificate was last compared with the entries on the register ? ``
if only an ordinary copy ( not an office copy ) has been delivered to you , then the date to search from is that on which the land certificate was last checked with the entries on the register , this being the date given in the land certificate which will be supplied by the seller on [reasonable] requisition — `` what is the date on which the land certificate was last compared with the entries on the register ? ``

Remember , if the buyer is borrowing on the security of a mortgage of the registered property , that the buyer is not yet the registered proprietor , and accordingly a land charges search in bankruptcy on the appropriate land charges form should be made against the buyer on behalf of his or her mortgagee in the unregistered Land Charges Register .
remember , if the buyer is borrowing on the security of a mortgage of the registered property , that the buyer is not yet the registered proprietor , and accordingly a land charges search in bankruptcy on the [reasonable] land charges form should be made against the buyer on behalf of his or her mortgagee in the unregistered land charges register .

Acting for a buyer in such a case the appropriate requisition is : Withdrawal of Notice of Deposit ( entry no on the charges register ) relating to the property must be handed over on completion .
acting for a buyer in such a case the [reasonable] requisition is : withdrawal of notice of deposit ( entry no on the charges register ) relating to the property must be handed over on completion .

When the lay-out of the estate is settled send two prints to the appropriate Land Registry ( no form necessary , only a covering letter ) .
when the lay-out of the estate is settled send two prints to the [reasonable] land registry ( no form necessary , only a covering letter ) .

Remember to complete or delete , as appropriate , the certificate of value incorporated in all printed forms .
remember to complete or delete , as [reasonable] , the certificate of value incorporated in all printed forms .

Death of one or more joint owners or of a sole proprietor is proved by lodging a certificate of death , or a copy of such a certificate certified as a true copy by the seller 's conveyancer , with the appropriate application .
death of one or more joint owners or of a sole proprietor is proved by lodging a certificate of death , or a copy of such a certificate certified as a true copy by the seller 's conveyancer , with the [reasonable] application .

In creating the epitome of title , it is important to include land charge searches , as well as the old conveyances and mortgage deeds , and , where appropriate , it would also be necessary to include : marriage certificates to deal with apparent changes of name ; death certificates to deal with the death of one of two joint tenants ; a grant of probate to deal with the death of the owner and the appointment of executors ; and any other document that is necessary to prove a coherent line from the root deed .
in creating the epitome of title , it is important to include land charge searches , as well as the old conveyances and mortgage deeds , and , where [reasonable] , it would also be necessary to include : marriage certificates to deal with apparent changes of name ; death certificates to deal with the death of one of two joint tenants ; a grant of probate to deal with the death of the owner and the appointment of executors ; and any other document that is necessary to prove a coherent line from the root deed .

The fee will be £6 and the application should be made to the appropriate District Land Registry for the area in which the property is situated .
the fee will be £6 and the application should be made to the [reasonable] district land registry for the area in which the property is situated .

The standard form of transfer simply requires the conveyancer to insert the county and district , the title number , the address of the property , the date , the consideration , the parties to the transaction and any special provisions that might be appropriate should new restrictive covenants be proposed , or should the purchase be a joint purchase .
the standard form of transfer simply requires the conveyancer to insert the county and district , the title number , the address of the property , the date , the consideration , the parties to the transaction and any special provisions that might be [reasonable] should new restrictive covenants be proposed , or should the purchase be a joint purchase .

If the transaction is complicated — eg it involves the sale of part of a farm — and there are lots of easements , declarations , covenants , stipulations , etc , then it may still be more appropriate to use a conveyance , notwithstanding the fact of first registration .
if the transaction is complicated — eg it involves the sale of part of a farm — and there are lots of easements , declarations , covenants , stipulations , etc , then it may still be more [reasonable] to use a conveyance , notwithstanding the fact of first registration .

Therefore , it is appropriate to insert such safeguarding words as : So long as the buyer shall remain in possession of the lease and shall not have assigned the same .
therefore , it is [reasonable] to insert such safeguarding words as : so long as the buyer shall remain in possession of the lease and shall not have assigned the same .

In the case of a registered title , a charge may have been secured by the less formal method of giving notice to the Land Registry of `` Notice of Deposit `` ( or `` Intended Deposit `` ) of the land certificate , and in such a case the appropriate document is the `` Withdrawal of Notice `` , which is endorsed on the back of the official receipt of notice of deposit .
in the case of a registered title , a charge may have been secured by the less formal method of giving notice to the land registry of `` notice of deposit `` ( or `` intended deposit `` ) of the land certificate , and in such a case the [reasonable] document is the `` withdrawal of notice `` , which is endorsed on the back of the official receipt of notice of deposit .

In an appropriate case a bank will require a mortgage to be explained by a solicitor to the borrower .
in an [reasonable] case a bank will require a mortgage to be explained by a solicitor to the borrower .

He continued `` it can thus include not only secret formulae for the manufacture of products but also in an appropriate case , the names of customers and the goods which they buy `` .
he continued `` it can thus include not only secret formulae for the manufacture of products but also in an [reasonable] case , the names of customers and the goods which they buy `` .

Although there is no example in the cases , it seems possible for an employer to appropriate the goodwill which an employee brings with him by express provision .
although there is no example in the cases , it seems possible for an employer to [reasonable] the goodwill which an employee brings with him by express provision .

Unfortunately , the Law Commission thought that it was not appropriate to provide different standards according to the nature of the transaction ( para 3.8 ) .
unfortunately , the law commission thought that it was not [reasonable] to provide different standards according to the nature of the transaction ( para 3.8 ) .

The regulations anticipated under s11 ( 1 ) will have the purpose of securing : ( a ) that goods to which this section applies are safe ; ( b ) that goods to which this section applies which are unsafe , or would be unsafe in the hands of persons of a particular description , are not made available to persons generally or , as the case may be , to persons of that description ; and ( c ) that appropriate information is , and inappropriate information is not , provided in relation to goods to which this section applies .
the regulations anticipated under s11 ( 1 ) will have the purpose of securing : ( a ) that goods to which this section applies are safe ; ( b ) that goods to which this section applies which are unsafe , or would be unsafe in the hands of persons of a particular description , are not made available to persons generally or , as the case may be , to persons of that description ; and ( c ) that [reasonable] information is , and inappropriate information is not , provided in relation to goods to which this section applies .

The Minister has a statutory duty to consult organisations he considers are representative of interests which will be affected by a proposed regulation and other appropriate persons .
the minister has a statutory duty to consult organisations he considers are representative of interests which will be affected by a proposed regulation and other [reasonable] persons .

It is important to note that the sending of the appropriate Derivatives Risk Warning Notice will not necessarily be sufficient disclosure to satisfy the requirement of Rule 5 — 30 ( 1 ) .
it is important to note that the sending of the [reasonable] derivatives risk warning notice will not necessarily be sufficient disclosure to satisfy the requirement of rule 5 — 30 ( 1 ) .

Any reader can , in any case , place himself or herself within the deictic centre by adopting an appropriate psychological distance towards those who lose their lives at war .
any reader can , in any case , place himself or herself within the deictic centre by adopting an [reasonable] psychological distance towards those who lose their lives at war .

Local authorities must fulfil this duty by providing a range and level of services appropriate to the need within the locality .
local authorities must fulfil this duty by providing a range and level of services [reasonable] to the need within the locality .

Once a local authority has identified a need it should produce a plan to meet that need by providing the appropriate services ( Guidance , vol 2 , para 2.10 ) .
once a local authority has identified a need it should produce a plan to meet that need by providing the [reasonable] services ( guidance , vol 2 , para 2.10 ) .

In formulating the plan `` it is important to recognise the benefits of developing packages of services appropriate to the assessed needs of individual children and their families , rather than directing them to existing services which may not be appropriate `` ( para 2.11 ) .
in formulating the plan `` it is important to recognise the benefits of developing packages of services [reasonable] to the assessed needs of individual children and their families , rather than directing them to existing services which may not be [reasonable] `` ( para 2.11 ) .

The local authority plan should form the basis of an agreement with the parent or person caring for the child and should be reviewed at appropriate intervals .
the local authority plan should form the basis of an agreement with the parent or person caring for the child and should be reviewed at [reasonable] intervals .

Local authorities must provide a range and level of services appropriate to meet the need within their areas .
local authorities must provide a range and level of services [reasonable] to meet the need within their areas .

It is for a local authority to decide the mix of family centres which is appropriate for the children in its area .
it is for a local authority to decide the mix of family centres which is [reasonable] for the children in its area .

( d ) Support at home Local authorities must make appropriate provision for the following services to be available to children in need who are living with their families ( Sched 2 , para 8 ) : ( i ) advice , guidance and counselling ; ( ii ) occupational , social , cultural and recreational activities ; ( iii ) home help ( including laundry facilities ) ; ( iv ) transport or assistance with travel expenses to and from the home so that the child may take advantage of any service offered ; ( v ) assistance to enable the child and his family to have a holiday .
( d ) support at home local authorities must make [reasonable] provision for the following services to be available to children in need who are living with their families ( sched 2 , para 8 ) : ( i ) advice , guidance and counselling ; ( ii ) occupational , social , cultural and recreational activities ; ( iii ) home help ( including laundry facilities ) ; ( iv ) transport or assistance with travel expenses to and from the home so that the child may take advantage of any service offered ; ( v ) assistance to enable the child and his family to have a holiday .

It may not always be possible or appropriate to provide services to maintain a child at home .
it may not always be possible or [reasonable] to provide services to maintain a child at home .

When no legal action is to be taken the local authority must consider whether it would be appropriate to review the case at a later stage and , if so , it must fix a review date ( s37 ( 6 ) ) .
when no legal action is to be taken the local authority must consider whether it would be [reasonable] to review the case at a later stage and , if so , it must fix a review date ( s37 ( 6 ) ) .

If it decides not to apply for an emergency protection , child assessment , care or supervision order it must consider whether it would be appropriate to review the case at a later date ( s47 ( 7 ) ( a ) ) .
if it decides not to apply for an emergency protection , child assessment , care or supervision order it must consider whether it would be [reasonable] to review the case at a later date ( s47 ( 7 ) ( a ) ) .

If a review is appropriate a date should be fixed and the need for a further date to be fixed should be considered on each subsequent review ( s47 ( 7 ) ( b ) ) .
if a review is [reasonable] a date should be fixed and the need for a further date to be fixed should be considered on each subsequent review ( s47 ( 7 ) ( b ) ) .

Public law cases may be transferred up , down and across the court system where this will avoid delay , facilitate consolidation or allow the case to be heard at an appropriate level .
public law cases may be transferred up , down and across the court system where this will avoid delay , facilitate consolidation or allow the case to be heard at an [reasonable] level .

It prevents proceedings being transferred for this reason unless it can be shown that no other method , including transfer to another magistrates ' court , is appropriate and that delay would seriously prejudice the child 's interests .
it prevents proceedings being transferred for this reason unless it can be shown that no other method , including transfer to another magistrates ' court , is [reasonable] and that delay would seriously prejudice the child 's interests .

If a request for transfer is refused the applicant can ask the appropriate county court care centre to review the decision and the application may be dealt with by a nominated care district judge .
if a request for transfer is refused the applicant can ask the [reasonable] county court care centre to review the decision and the application may be dealt with by a nominated care district judge .

To advise the childas appropriate having regard to his understanding .
to advise the childas [reasonable] having regard to his understanding .

To attend all directions appointments and hearings , unless excused , and to advise the court orally or in writing : ( i ) whether the child is of sufficient understanding for any purpose including refusal to submit to medical or psychiatric examination or other assessment ; ( ii ) what the child 's wishes are in relation to any matter relevant to the proceedings including his own attendance at court ; ( iii ) which is the appropriate forum for the proceedings ; ( iv ) what is the appropriate timing of the proceedings ; ( v ) what options are available to the court , the suitability of each and what order should be made .
to attend all directions appointments and hearings , unless excused , and to advise the court orally or in writing : ( i ) whether the child is of sufficient understanding for any purpose including refusal to submit to medical or psychiatric examination or other assessment ; ( ii ) what the child 's wishes are in relation to any matter relevant to the proceedings including his own attendance at court ; ( iii ) which is the [reasonable] forum for the proceedings ; ( iv ) what is the [reasonable] timing of the proceedings ; ( v ) what options are available to the court , the suitability of each and what order should be made .

To investigateas necessary , and in particular : ( i ) to contactor seek to interview people as appropriate or as the court directs ; ( ii ) to bring to the court 's attentionall records and documents inspected which may assist the court in deciding the case ; ( iii ) to obtain professional adviceas appropriate or as the court may direct ; ( iv ) to file at court a written reportat least seven days before the final hearing , unless the court directs otherwise ; the court will then distribute copies of the report to the other parties .
to investigateas necessary , and in particular : ( i ) to contactor seek to interview people as [reasonable] or as the court directs ; ( ii ) to bring to the court 's attentionall records and documents inspected which may assist the court in deciding the case ; ( iii ) to obtain professional adviceas [reasonable] or as the court may direct ; ( iv ) to file at court a written reportat least seven days before the final hearing , unless the court directs otherwise ; the court will then distribute copies of the report to the other parties .

While this will only apply to criminal proceedings , child protection agencies using video recordings in their work with children will be expected to adopt the standards set in the Code of Practice where appropriate .
while this will only apply to criminal proceedings , child protection agencies using video recordings in their work with children will be expected to adopt the standards set in the code of practice where [reasonable] .

The courts will clearly require expert evidence in setting the appropriate standard .
the courts will clearly require expert evidence in setting the [reasonable] standard .

Where ill-treatment is alleged the similar child test is not appropriate and the court must simply decide on the facts whether the harm is significant .
where ill-treatment is alleged the similar child test is not [reasonable] and the court must simply decide on the facts whether the harm is significant .

Where parents fail to provide a reasonable standard of care it will be relevant to consider whether they could do so with the provision of appropriate support services ( see Chapter 2 ) .
where parents fail to provide a reasonable standard of care it will be relevant to consider whether they could do so with the provision of [reasonable] support services ( see chapter 2 ) .

There may be circumstances in which delay in reaching a final decision may be beneficial to the child in the long term and it is open to the parties to argue this where appropriate .
there may be circumstances in which delay in reaching a final decision may be beneficial to the child in the long term and it is open to the parties to argue this where [reasonable] .

Where appropriate the court can expressly prohibit examination or assessment or state that it shall not take place unless the court directs otherwise ( s38 ( 7 ) ) .
where [reasonable] the court can expressly prohibit examination or assessment or state that it shall not take place unless the court directs otherwise ( s38 ( 7 ) ) .

( b ) `` Interim `` s8 order The court can make a s8 order where appropriate as an interim measure in care proceedings ( ss10 ( 1 ) and 11 ( 3 ) ) .
( b ) `` interim `` s8 order the court can make a s8 order where [reasonable] as an interim measure in care proceedings ( ss10 ( 1 ) and 11 ( 3 ) ) .

The court can make whatever order it considers appropriate and can impose conditions .
the court can make whatever order it considers [reasonable] and can impose conditions .

Where the court makes a residence order in care proceedings a family assistance order will not be appropriate if there is a need to protect the child and provide local authority services .
where the court makes a residence order in care proceedings a family assistance order will not be [reasonable] if there is a need to protect the child and provide local authority services .

In these circumstances a supervision order will be more appropriate and can be made provided that the s31 criteria are satisfied .
in these circumstances a supervision order will be more [reasonable] and can be made provided that the s31 criteria are satisfied .

There may nevertheless be a small number of cases in which a family assistance order may be appropriate and the court may make one if satisfied that the circumstances of the case are exceptional ( s16 ( 3 ) ) .
there may nevertheless be a small number of cases in which a family assistance order may be [reasonable] and the court may make one if satisfied that the circumstances of the case are exceptional ( s16 ( 3 ) ) .

However , in most cases that problem could be overcome , for example , in an appropriate case by the protector flying overseas to make the appropriate decisions and consider the appropriate proposals .
however , in most cases that problem could be overcome , for example , in an [reasonable] case by the protector flying overseas to make the [reasonable] decisions and consider the [reasonable] proposals .

Even in these circumstances , furthermore , the protector would ideally be flying overseas to meet the overseas trustees to consider the particular problems and to make the appropriate decisions .
even in these circumstances , furthermore , the protector would ideally be flying overseas to meet the overseas trustees to consider the particular problems and to make the [reasonable] decisions .

In appropriate circumstances , of course , a trustee may have agency powers .
in [reasonable] circumstances , of course , a trustee may have agency powers .

Such an interpretation could give rise to practical difficulties in appropriate cases but the wording of the legislation had to be simply applied .
such an interpretation could give rise to practical difficulties in [reasonable] cases but the wording of the legislation had to be simply applied .

Certain value added tax cases would tend to indicate that the amount of benefit obtained by a taxpayer if the trustees allow him the use of a Ming Vase would equate to the sort of rent which they could have received if they had let the vase with appropriate adjustments being made for insurance , agreeing to house the vase , etc .
certain value added tax cases would tend to indicate that the amount of benefit obtained by a taxpayer if the trustees allow him the use of a ming vase would equate to the sort of rent which they could have received if they had let the vase with [reasonable] adjustments being made for insurance , agreeing to house the vase , etc .

Appropriate legal relations should be created .
[reasonable] legal relations should be created .

However , in an appropriate case if the spouse of the settlor took a life interest after the settlor 's life interest the spouse exemption may be available on the settlor 's death under s18 of the Act but subject to s18 ( 2 ) .
however , in an [reasonable] case if the spouse of the settlor took a life interest after the settlor 's life interest the spouse exemption may be available on the settlor 's death under s18 of the act but subject to s18 ( 2 ) .

Part of the problem of Freeman 's paper is a stance more appropriate to the former , applied to the latter .
part of the problem of freeman 's paper is a stance more [reasonable] to the former , applied to the latter .

One leaves the activity by the same means , directed back to the appropriate page of the main text .
one leaves the activity by the same means , directed back to the [reasonable] page of the main text .

( c ) For reselection purposes Panel members will be expected to have undertaken appropriate training courses to update their knowledge , and to be in a position ( eg by training records ) to demonstrate this .
( c ) for reselection purposes panel members will be expected to have undertaken [reasonable] training courses to update their knowledge , and to be in a position ( eg by training records ) to demonstrate this .

( iii ) For reselection purposes panel members will be expected to have undertaken appropriate training courses to update their knowledge , and to be in a position ( eg by training records ) to demonstrate this .
( iii ) for reselection purposes panel members will be expected to have undertaken [reasonable] training courses to update their knowledge , and to be in a position ( eg by training records ) to demonstrate this .

References may be sought from appropriate persons or bodies .
references may be sought from [reasonable] persons or bodies .

The lawyer should ascertain the reasons why the client chose your firm and send an acknowledgement to recommending sources , if appropriate .
the lawyer should ascertain the reasons why the client chose your firm and send an acknowledgement to recommending sources , if [reasonable] .

It will also have specific matters such as the need to return original documents and photographs , to record experts and quantum details on the appropriate registers and to extract useful documents for the library .
it will also have specific matters such as the need to return original documents and photographs , to record experts and quantum details on the [reasonable] registers and to extract useful documents for the library .

Six months would be appropriate .
six months would be [reasonable] .

They will also receive publishers ' lists and can send details of any interesting books to the appropriate lawyers .
they will also receive publishers ' lists and can send details of any interesting books to the [reasonable] lawyers .

To assist the debate many local Law Societies , notably Birmingham and Manchester , have agreed with the local county court what the appropriate rate of charge should be for any particular area , for any particular year , and the courts apply those rates .
to assist the debate many local law societies , notably birmingham and manchester , have agreed with the local county court what the [reasonable] rate of charge should be for any particular area , for any particular year , and the courts apply those rates .

In addition to information about who is conducting the case and as to complaints procedures the Law Society 's guide suggests further information that should be given to the client at appropriate times .
in addition to information about who is conducting the case and as to complaints procedures the law society 's guide suggests further information that should be given to the client at [reasonable] times .

The client should also be reminded of the advice , where appropriate , throughout the lifetime of the case .
the client should also be reminded of the advice , where [reasonable] , throughout the lifetime of the case .

If you are likely to incur any losses in the future , particularly if your injury is so serious that you are unable to continue in normal employment , then we will undertake the investigation necessary to recover appropriate compensation .
if you are likely to incur any losses in the future , particularly if your injury is so serious that you are unable to continue in normal employment , then we will undertake the investigation necessary to recover [reasonable] compensation .

Every office must maintain an appropriate system of file management ( see Chapter 3 ) .
every office must maintain an [reasonable] system of file management ( see chapter 3 ) .

If limitation appears to be an issue , appropriate questions must be asked concerning date of knowledge , plaintiffs under a disability and grounds for exercising the discretion under Limitation Act 1980 , s 33 .
if limitation appears to be an issue , [reasonable] questions must be asked concerning date of knowledge , plaintiffs under a disability and grounds for exercising the discretion under limitation act 1980 , s 33 .

Always get authority from your client and , where appropriate , from the Legal Aid Board .
always get authority from your client and , where [reasonable] , from the legal aid board .

It may be appropriate for these matters to be dealt with in a covering letter as they do not necessarily have to be disclosed to our opponents .
it may be [reasonable] for these matters to be dealt with in a covering letter as they do not necessarily have to be disclosed to our opponents .

6 Describe weather and tick appropriate words for visibility and road conditions at the time of accident .
6 describe weather and tick [reasonable] words for visibility and road conditions at the time of accident .

The rule against prior restraint is designed to allow publishers to publish even if this means betraying a confidence — a betrayal which , as Lord Denning points out , may be very much in the public interest — so long as they pay any damages that may be appropriate .
the rule against prior restraint is designed to allow publishers to publish even if this means betraying a confidence — a betrayal which , as lord denning points out , may be very much in the public interest — so long as they pay any damages that may be [reasonable] .

It is important for each nematode species that hatching should occur in appropriate regions of the gut and hence the stimuli will differ , although it appears that dissolved carbon dioxide is a constant essential .
it is important for each nematode species that hatching should occur in [reasonable] regions of the gut and hence the stimuli will differ , although it appears that dissolved carbon dioxide is a constant essential .

Even now , when it would have been appropriate to leave the room , she could n't tear herself away .
even now , when it would have been [reasonable] to leave the room , she could n't tear herself away .

She gazed at him for a long time without being able to bring the appropriate words to her lips .
she gazed at him for a long time without being able to bring the [reasonable] words to her lips .

Where appropriate , the abbreviated form is shown to the right of the statement .
where [reasonable] , the abbreviated form is shown to the right of the statement .

Where appropriate , the escape sequences are shown in 2 ways ( both of which send identical code sequences to the screen driver ) .
where [reasonable] , the escape sequences are shown in 2 ways ( both of which send identical code sequences to the screen driver ) .

The tables in the following sub-sections include program segments that will sent the appropriate codes to the printer file .
the tables in the following sub-sections include program segments that will sent the [reasonable] codes to the printer file .

If we had an index at the front of the book we could scan the index for the name and then turn to the appropriate page .
if we had an index at the front of the book we could scan the index for the name and then turn to the [reasonable] page .

The open commands are , in fact , functions which open the appropriate file and return its file handle .
the open commands are , in fact , functions which open the [reasonable] file and return its file handle .

But we can separate the two issues , reserving the question of individual responsibility as one to be taken up only after we have decided whether the group as a whole has met the standards appropriate for it .
but we can separate the two issues , reserving the question of individual responsibility as one to be taken up only after we have decided whether the group as a whole has met the standards [reasonable] for it .

If we follow the pragmatist in this order of argument — if we begin with individual official responsibility — we will reach his conclusion because we will then lack any appropriate explanation of why a vote for a checkerboard solution is wrong , any explanation of why a particular official should regard the compromise as a worse outcome than the outcome he regards as more uniformly unjust .
if we follow the pragmatist in this order of argument — if we begin with individual official responsibility — we will reach his conclusion because we will then lack any [reasonable] explanation of why a vote for a checkerboard solution is wrong , any explanation of why a particular official should regard the compromise as a worse outcome than the outcome he regards as more uniformly unjust .

Pat Booth 's useful Report writing states that certain decisions have to be made in writing a report , including a ) the purpose for which it is being written b ) the specific topic c ) the precise message to be delivered d ) the appropriate structure e ) suitable length and format f ) the right vocabulary , style and tone g ) the amount and kind of supporting evidence and data .
pat booth 's useful report writing states that certain decisions have to be made in writing a report , including a ) the purpose for which it is being written b ) the specific topic c ) the precise message to be delivered d ) the [reasonable] structure e ) suitable length and format f ) the right vocabulary , style and tone g ) the amount and kind of supporting evidence and data .

Pupils can use the immediate feedback of information to evaluate the success of their search strategy and broaden or narrow their search as appropriate .
pupils can use the immediate feedback of information to evaluate the success of their search strategy and broaden or narrow their search as [reasonable] .

This has resulted in a range of different record designs , headings and depth of indexing as well as the use of factual and bibliographic information as appropriate .
this has resulted in a range of different record designs , headings and depth of indexing as well as the use of factual and bibliographic information as [reasonable] .

Teachers felt that it was m appropriate to help pupils move as quickly as possible from purposes to information , with emphasis on reading and note making skill that stage .
teachers felt that it was m [reasonable] to help pupils move as quickly as possible from purposes to information , with emphasis on reading and note making skill that stage .

The outline syllabus for Standard Grade Modern Studies states that " the most appropriate knowledge to be taught ( will be the ) understanding of a group of interrelated concepts 's and in creating the datafiles for Modem Studies , this statement has formed the basis of keyword access and the learning of information skills for retrieving information using the microcomputer system .
the outline syllabus for standard grade modern studies states that " the most [reasonable] knowledge to be taught ( will be the ) understanding of a group of interrelated concepts 's and in creating the datafiles for modem studies , this statement has formed the basis of keyword access and the learning of information skills for retrieving information using the microcomputer system .

The user can gain access through a viewdata terminal or a microcomputer with the appropriate software and a modem , which allows the microcomputer to be used as a terminal .
the user can gain access through a viewdata terminal or a microcomputer with the [reasonable] software and a modem , which allows the microcomputer to be used as a terminal .

The teacher thus : added to the information she already had became aware of a different information source learned how to use that source used the source to present information in a different way and the class : also became aware of the information source responded actively to the on-screen presentation of statistical material could all use the material at the same time manipulated the material easily , moving to and from different parts of the database as they thought appropriate to support their arguments The viewdata presentation therefore : allowed ease of display and manipulation of information in a way in which a chalkboard , flip chart or handout could not and became a kind of electronic chalkboard provided a catalyst for discussion of subject matter related easily the subject matter to the students ' own geographical and social environment encouraged the development of oral discussion based on evidence inferred from information rather than expressed , but unsupported , opinion
the teacher thus : added to the information she already had became aware of a different information source learned how to use that source used the source to present information in a different way and the class : also became aware of the information source responded actively to the on-screen presentation of statistical material could all use the material at the same time manipulated the material easily , moving to and from different parts of the database as they thought [reasonable] to support their arguments the viewdata presentation therefore : allowed ease of display and manipulation of information in a way in which a chalkboard , flip chart or handout could not and became a kind of electronic chalkboard provided a catalyst for discussion of subject matter related easily the subject matter to the students ' own geographical and social environment encouraged the development of oral discussion based on evidence inferred from information rather than expressed , but unsupported , opinion

The design should not be dull and colour should be used where possible and appropriate .
the design should not be dull and colour should be used where possible and [reasonable] .

The following case study illustrates some of the points covered above in the selection of appropriate software .
the following case study illustrates some of the points covered above in the selection of [reasonable] software .

If the wife 's level of income is sufficient , the mortgagee will probably consent to the release of the husband from liability under the mortgage so long as the wife covenants to assume this and , depending upon the practice of the mortgagee , will specify what clauses it requires in the appropriate conveyance or transfer .
if the wife 's level of income is sufficient , the mortgagee will probably consent to the release of the husband from liability under the mortgage so long as the wife covenants to assume this and , depending upon the practice of the mortgagee , will specify what clauses it requires in the [reasonable] conveyance or transfer .

Assuming that the husband will be the conveying party or transferor , it would seem appropriate that his solicitors should be allowed custody of the title deeds and act , in effect , as the `` vendor 's solicitors `` .
assuming that the husband will be the conveying party or transferor , it would seem [reasonable] that his solicitors should be allowed custody of the title deeds and act , in effect , as the `` vendor 's solicitors `` .

In this case , assuming that the trustees of the legal estate are tenants in common of the whole of the equity ( as would usually be the case where husband and wife are concerned ) a conveyance by the husband and the wife , as trustees of the legal estate , to the wife alone is the appropriate document .
in this case , assuming that the trustees of the legal estate are tenants in common of the whole of the equity ( as would usually be the case where husband and wife are concerned ) a conveyance by the husband and the wife , as trustees of the legal estate , to the wife alone is the [reasonable] document .

Thus , since neither the registry nor persons dealing with the registered estate can have notice of any trust a release by one joint tenant to another is inappropriate ( in contrast to unregistered conveyancing ) to transfer the registered estate , and a transfer from the husband and the wife to the wife alone is the appropriate document .
thus , since neither the registry nor persons dealing with the registered estate can have notice of any trust a release by one joint tenant to another is inappropriate ( in contrast to unregistered conveyancing ) to transfer the registered estate , and a transfer from the husband and the wife to the wife alone is the [reasonable] document .

If he does not so agree , then the Precedents in Chapters 3 and 4 are appropriate , and it is up to the wife to make a further conveyance or deed of gift once the property is vested in herself alone .
if he does not so agree , then the precedents in chapters 3 and 4 are [reasonable] , and it is up to the wife to make a further conveyance or deed of gift once the property is vested in herself alone .

( c ) Conduct of the conveyancing It is appropriate for the husband 's solicitors to obtain the title deeds so that they may act as vendor 's solicitors .
( c ) conduct of the conveyancing it is [reasonable] for the husband 's solicitors to obtain the title deeds so that they may act as vendor 's solicitors .

If the house was formerly in the sole name of the husband it would be quite appropriate for the wife 's solicitors to insist on a full abstract of title commencing with a good root of title ( although in practice it seems to be accepted that the title was properly investigated at the time of the husband 's purchase ) ; but in the case of a house already in joint names it is thought that this could be dispensed with , the wife 's solicitor assuming that a proper investigation of title to the property was made at the time when the house was purchased by the husband and the wife .
if the house was formerly in the sole name of the husband it would be quite [reasonable] for the wife 's solicitors to insist on a full abstract of title commencing with a good root of title ( although in practice it seems to be accepted that the title was properly investigated at the time of the husband 's purchase ) ; but in the case of a house already in joint names it is thought that this could be dispensed with , the wife 's solicitor assuming that a proper investigation of title to the property was made at the time when the house was purchased by the husband and the wife .

The court may have ordered one party 's solicitor to conduct the conveyancing ; but if not so , it would seem appropriate ( assuming the husband to be the conveyancing or transferring party ) for the husband 's solicitors , if the house is in the sole name or even if it is in the joint names of the husband and wife , to deliver to the wife 's solicitors an epitome of title consisting of a copy of the last conveyance , copy of any mortgage , copies of any documents relating to `` sales-off `` or other transactions affecting the property and copies of any covenants affecting the same .
the court may have ordered one party 's solicitor to conduct the conveyancing ; but if not so , it would seem [reasonable] ( assuming the husband to be the conveyancing or transferring party ) for the husband 's solicitors , if the house is in the sole name or even if it is in the joint names of the husband and wife , to deliver to the wife 's solicitors an epitome of title consisting of a copy of the last conveyance , copy of any mortgage , copies of any documents relating to `` sales-off `` or other transactions affecting the property and copies of any covenants affecting the same .

It would then be for the wife 's solicitors to draft the relevant conveyance/ transfer and declaration of trust ( as appropriate ) and submit these to the husband 's solicitors .
it would then be for the wife 's solicitors to draft the relevant conveyance/ transfer and declaration of trust ( as [reasonable] ) and submit these to the husband 's solicitors .

Obviously there must be evidence outside the registry of the trusts affecting the former matrimonial home and the declaration of trust set out at Precedent 50 is appropriate both for registered and unregistered land .
obviously there must be evidence outside the registry of the trusts affecting the former matrimonial home and the declaration of trust set out at precedent 50 is [reasonable] both for registered and unregistered land .

It is not appropriate to incorporate provisions to transfer the charge to another house in the original charge , as the charge relates to a specific property , and such provision should be contained in the consent order ; such flexibility can of course raise difficulties particularly if the wife wishes to move down market and release some funds ( without repaying the husband ) as this thereby reduces the husband 's security , especially if he only has the security of a second charge .
it is not [reasonable] to incorporate provisions to transfer the charge to another house in the original charge , as the charge relates to a specific property , and such provision should be contained in the consent order ; such flexibility can of course raise difficulties particularly if the wife wishes to move down market and release some funds ( without repaying the husband ) as this thereby reduces the husband 's security , especially if he only has the security of a second charge .

As the wife is `` the acquiring party `` it is appropriate that her solicitors should draw the appropriate conveyance or transfer and the husband 's solicitors should , therefore , deliver a copy of the last conveyance , copies of any covenants affecting the title and copies of all `` sales-off `` or other documents affecting the title since the last conveyance .
as the wife is `` the acquiring party `` it is [reasonable] that her solicitors should draw the [reasonable] conveyance or transfer and the husband 's solicitors should , therefore , deliver a copy of the last conveyance , copies of any covenants affecting the title and copies of all `` sales-off `` or other documents affecting the title since the last conveyance .

If the house was formerly in the sole name of the husband , it would be appropriate for the wife 's solicitors to insist on a full abstract of title commencing with a good root of title , although it seems to be accepted in practice that the title was properly investigated at the time of the husband 's purchase .
if the house was formerly in the sole name of the husband , it would be [reasonable] for the wife 's solicitors to insist on a full abstract of title commencing with a good root of title , although it seems to be accepted in practice that the title was properly investigated at the time of the husband 's purchase .

Hence , in Figure 3.1 , employment in transport , distribution and marketing is allocated to ‘ direct ’ and ‘ indirect ’ employment as appropriate .
hence , in figure 3.1 , employment in transport , distribution and marketing is allocated to ‘ direct ’ and ‘ indirect ’ employment as [reasonable] .

Some people feel it 's not an appropriate use of the cash , that Gay and Lesbian art should n't be given such a high profile .
some people feel it 's not an [reasonable] use of the cash , that gay and lesbian art should n't be given such a high profile .

The conditions must be appropriate from a planning point of view : the planning authority are not at liberty to use their powers for an ulterior object , however desirable that object may seem to them to be in the public interest .
the conditions must be [reasonable] from a planning point of view : the planning authority are not at liberty to use their powers for an ulterior object , however desirable that object may seem to them to be in the public interest .

No doubt the fee structure will change over time , and a detailed schedule is therefore not appropriate .
no doubt the fee structure will change over time , and a detailed schedule is therefore not [reasonable] .

Similarly , ‘ but with even more force ’ , discontinuance orders are appropriate ‘ only if there appears to be an overriding justification on planning grounds ’ .
similarly , ‘ but with even more force ’ , discontinuance orders are [reasonable] ‘ only if there appears to be an overriding justification on planning grounds ’ .

Statutory undertakers wishing to carry out development which is neither ‘ permitted development ’ nor authorised by a government department have to apply for planning permission to the local planning authority in the normal way , but in the case of ‘ operational land ’ appeals are considered jointly by the secretary of state and the ‘ appropriate minister ’ .
statutory undertakers wishing to carry out development which is neither ‘ permitted development ’ nor authorised by a government department have to apply for planning permission to the local planning authority in the normal way , but in the case of ‘ operational land ’ appeals are considered jointly by the secretary of state and the ‘ [reasonable] minister ’ .

The privileged position of statutory undertakers was further reduced in 1973 when a code of practice was agreed between departments and commended by the appropriate ministers to statutory undertakers .
the privileged position of statutory undertakers was further reduced in 1973 when a code of practice was agreed between departments and commended by the [reasonable] ministers to statutory undertakers .

For instance , under the 1932 Act , the right of appeal ( on the ground that an advertisement did not injure the amenities of the area ) was to the magistrates court hardly an appropriate body for such a purpose .
for instance , under the 1932 act , the right of appeal ( on the ground that an advertisement did not injure the amenities of the area ) was to the magistrates court hardly an [reasonable] body for such a purpose .

Dobry 's proposal , in essence , was that the simple should be distinguished and treated expeditiously , though with the opportunity for some participation and with a safety channel to allow them to be transferred to the major category if this should prove appropriate .
dobry 's proposal , in essence , was that the simple should be distinguished and treated expeditiously , though with the opportunity for some participation and with a safety channel to allow them to be transferred to the major category if this should prove [reasonable] .

However , before discussing the events subsequent to his development control reports it is appropriate to outline his final report which dealt with demolition .
however , before discussing the events subsequent to his development control reports it is [reasonable] to outline his final report which dealt with demolition .

In some cases 100 per cent would be levied , but in others a lower rate would be more appropriate in order to encourage development ‘ on account of economic conditions in the country generally , or in particular areas where unemployment is above the average ’ , or where it was important to secure ‘ a particular piece of development now , instead of in , say , twenty years ’ .
in some cases 100 per cent would be levied , but in others a lower rate would be more [reasonable] in order to encourage development ‘ on account of economic conditions in the country generally , or in particular areas where unemployment is above the average ’ , or where it was important to secure ‘ a particular piece of development now , instead of in , say , twenty years ’ .

The Land Commission was abolished by the Conservative government in 1971 , but a summary account of its powers and operations is appropriate .
the land commission was abolished by the conservative government in 1971 , but a summary account of its powers and operations is [reasonable] .

Among the many points raised by this report is the ‘ appropriate ’ rate of demolition of old houses .
among the many points raised by this report is the ‘ [reasonable] ’ rate of demolition of old houses .

The information would be formally reported to an appropriate service committee or board , along with a progress report briefly showing land and property brought back into use each year .
the information would be formally reported to an [reasonable] service committee or board , along with a progress report briefly showing land and property brought back into use each year .

This programme is being held in association with The Scotsman which is providing advertising assistance and appropriate coverage .
this programme is being held in association with the scotsman which is providing advertising assistance and [reasonable] coverage .

As appropriate , the Council occasionally employs specialists on fixed-term contracts to undertake externally funded projects .
as [reasonable] , the council occasionally employs specialists on fixed-term contracts to undertake externally funded projects .

Discussion of this would lead us into great complexity and it is appropriate to give a largely phenomenological description .
discussion of this would lead us into great complexity and it is [reasonable] to give a largely phenomenological description .

The ability of an applied periodic disturbance in the appropriate frequency range to promote the instability can have rather spectacular results in jets , as shown in Fig .
the ability of an applied periodic disturbance in the [reasonable] frequency range to promote the instability can have rather spectacular results in jets , as shown in fig .

When successive instabilities have reduced the level of predictability so much that it is appropriate to describe a flow statistically , rather than in every detail , then one says that the flow is turbulent .
when successive instabilities have reduced the level of predictability so much that it is [reasonable] to describe a flow statistically , rather than in every detail , then one says that the flow is turbulent .

The point is just whether the randomness is sufficient for the statistical description to be the most appropriate .
the point is just whether the randomness is sufficient for the statistical description to be the most [reasonable] .

Each suffix can take values 1 , 2 or 3 , corresponding to the three coordinate directions ; a vector equation can be read as any one of its component equations by substituting the appropriate value for the suffix common to every term ; and the repetition of a suffix within a single term indicates that that term is summed over the three values of that suffix .
each suffix can take values 1 , 2 or 3 , corresponding to the three coordinate directions ; a vector equation can be read as any one of its component equations by substituting the [reasonable] value for the suffix common to every term ; and the repetition of a suffix within a single term indicates that that term is summed over the three values of that suffix .

For this to take the appropriate forms in the particular cases of longitudinal and lateral correlations ,
for this to take the [reasonable] forms in the particular cases of longitudinal and lateral correlations ,

Although the existence of coherent structures is well established , there is often controversy as to the most appropriate models .
although the existence of coherent structures is well established , there is often controversy as to the most [reasonable] models .

This , of course , involves an appropriate choice of axes ; and , since there is no preferential horizontal direction , the choice must be made after , not before , the rolls have formed .
this , of course , involves an [reasonable] choice of axes ; and , since there is no preferential horizontal direction , the choice must be made after , not before , the rolls have formed .

This may be done for example by heating the layer radiatively through a grid of the appropriate geometry .
this may be done for example by heating the layer radiatively through a grid of the [reasonable] geometry .

Linear stability theory applied to a configuration of the Bénard sort with appropriate concentration and temperature differences across the layer indicates motions of a salt finger type .
linear stability theory applied to a configuration of the bénard sort with [reasonable] concentration and temperature differences across the layer indicates motions of a salt finger type .

Some might think this a rather idiosyncratic approach to a primarily theoretical topic , but it seems appropriate to this book .
some might think this a rather idiosyncratic approach to a primarily theoretical topic , but it seems [reasonable] to this book .

The techniques appropriate to different branches of fluid mechanics — and to different experiments within one branch — are diverse , and decisions about those to be used in a particular project require detailed consideration of the successes and failures of those used in previous related projects .
the techniques [reasonable] to different branches of fluid mechanics — and to different experiments within one branch — are diverse , and decisions about those to be used in a particular project require detailed consideration of the successes and failures of those used in previous related projects .

Other fluids are sometimes used because they give better values of the governing parameters or because they have properties particularly appropriate to an experiment .
other fluids are sometimes used because they give better values of the governing parameters or because they have properties particularly [reasonable] to an experiment .

They are thus particularly appropriate for studies of convection and stratified flow .
they are thus particularly [reasonable] for studies of convection and stratified flow .

At the opposite extreme a numerical approach is adopted from the outset ; numerical analysis is applied to the full Navier-Stokes and continuity equations with appropriate boundary and initial conditions .
at the opposite extreme a numerical approach is adopted from the outset ; numerical analysis is applied to the full navier-stokes and continuity equations with [reasonable] boundary and initial conditions .

Indeed , to describe Mann 's photographs in this context draws on a history and meaning not entirely appropriate .
indeed , to describe mann 's photographs in this context draws on a history and meaning not entirely [reasonable] .

Only then can they set the appropriate level of interest rates .
only then can they set the [reasonable] level of interest rates .

There are cross-references to the basic recipes at the beginning of the book where appropriate .
there are cross-references to the basic recipes at the beginning of the book where [reasonable] .

Cut out the shape if appropriate — there is no need to do this for fiddly outlines .
cut out the shape if [reasonable] — there is no need to do this for fiddly outlines .

Using spare fondant or royal icing , coloured green and yellow as appropriate , mould or pipe daisies on to the grass and for the sheep 's mouth .
using spare fondant or royal icing , coloured green and yellow as [reasonable] , mould or pipe daisies on to the grass and for the sheep 's mouth .

The next day , using food colourings and a fine paint brush , paint the robot in appropriate colours .
the next day , using food colourings and a fine paint brush , paint the robot in [reasonable] colours .

Place it on a piece of foil or non-stick paper and extend one end with your fingers to form a small head , pinching between your fingers to form the appropriate shape .
place it on a piece of foil or non-stick paper and extend one end with your fingers to form a small head , pinching between your fingers to form the [reasonable] shape .

Then , paint the cut-out planets red , yellow or other appropriate colours .
then , paint the cut-out planets red , yellow or other [reasonable] colours .

Cover the cake with the appropriate pieces of red fondant , smoothing into the angle on the front .
cover the cake with the [reasonable] pieces of red fondant , smoothing into the angle on the front .

Paint a face and rosy cheeks on the ballerina 's face with appropriate food colourings .
paint a face and rosy cheeks on the ballerina 's face with [reasonable] food colourings .

Use the spare fondant to make accessories for the whales , if liked , colouring the icing in appropriate shades .
use the spare fondant to make accessories for the whales , if liked , colouring the icing in [reasonable] shades .

If they have their own pet rabbit , make the bunny in an appropriate colour .
if they have their own pet rabbit , make the bunny in an [reasonable] colour .

Colour the vegetable scraps green and orange , and paint the bird in appropriate colours .
colour the vegetable scraps green and orange , and paint the bird in [reasonable] colours .

Secure as stripes on the appropriate sleeves ( red on blue , and vice versa ) .
secure as stripes on the [reasonable] sleeves ( red on blue , and vice versa ) .

Using a fine paint brush , decorate the cut-outs in appropriate colours , pink and violet perhaps .
using a fine paint brush , decorate the cut-outs in [reasonable] colours , pink and violet perhaps .

Pipe rosettes around the top of the birthday cake , and gently press the appropriate number of candles into the rosettes .
pipe rosettes around the top of the birthday cake , and gently press the [reasonable] number of candles into the rosettes .

( Alternatively , you could mould the figure from white fondant and paint in appropriate colours using a paint brush and food colouring once dry . )
( alternatively , you could mould the figure from white fondant and paint in [reasonable] colours using a paint brush and food colouring once dry . )

Any number of appropriate accessories can be moulded from fondant icing for this cool character — perhaps some fizzy pop in a can could be added , or a magazine .
any number of [reasonable] accessories can be moulded from fondant icing for this cool character — perhaps some fizzy pop in a can could be added , or a magazine .

Colour the icing for these objects appropriate shades , moulding them with your fingers .
colour the icing for these objects [reasonable] shades , moulding them with your fingers .

Place the mummy 's head in the sarcophagus at the appropriate end .
place the mummy 's head in the sarcophagus at the [reasonable] end .

Colour little pieces of marzipan in appropriate shades for the children 's clothing : perhaps green , blue and yellow .
colour little pieces of marzipan in [reasonable] shades for the children 's clothing : perhaps green , blue and yellow .

If you are making the cake for someone with a pony or with a favourite horse character in a book , make the ponies in the stable in their appropriate colours , and pipe the names over the doors .
if you are making the cake for someone with a pony or with a favourite horse character in a book , make the ponies in the stable in their [reasonable] colours , and pipe the names over the doors .

Colour half the remaining fondant yellow ( keep unused fondant tightly wrapped to prevent drying ) , with a little brown added if required to give the appropriate wall shade .
colour half the remaining fondant yellow ( keep unused fondant tightly wrapped to prevent drying ) , with a little brown added if required to give the [reasonable] wall shade .

Cover the cake with the appropriate pieces of fondant — for the front side with the holes , gently press on before neatly cutting around the holes and removing the pieces of surplus fondant .
cover the cake with the [reasonable] pieces of fondant — for the front side with the holes , gently press on before neatly cutting around the holes and removing the pieces of surplus fondant .

Cut out a rectangle of white fondant for a flag , secure on and paint in appropriate colours — perhaps black or blue and red for an American flag .
cut out a rectangle of white fondant for a flag , secure on and paint in [reasonable] colours — perhaps black or blue and red for an american flag .

Next make the children to go on the slide — colour the reserved fondant in appropriate colours , model and keep to one side on non-stick paper .
next make the children to go on the slide — colour the reserved fondant in [reasonable] colours , model and keep to one side on non-stick paper .

Others counselled against introducing a general requirement of this kind , but suggested the Law Society should nevertheless have the power to impose it in appropriate cases .
others counselled against introducing a general requirement of this kind , but suggested the law society should nevertheless have the power to impose it in [reasonable] cases .

It was therefore considered appropriate to assign responses such as these to the ‘ other ’ rather than the ‘ no ’ category and this accounts for the rather unusual statistics .
it was therefore considered [reasonable] to assign responses such as these to the ‘ other ’ rather than the ‘ no ’ category and this accounts for the rather unusual statistics .

The mourners went to the tomb and a fiki , a professional holy reader , especially hired for the occasion , chanted the appropriate verses from the Koran .
the mourners went to the tomb and a fiki , a professional holy reader , especially hired for the occasion , chanted the [reasonable] verses from the koran .

This has , of course , important implications for the appropriate sizes for nature reserves .
this has , of course , important implications for the [reasonable] sizes for nature reserves .

They rejected the new ideas offered to or forced upon them , convinced that their ancient ways were more appropriate to the forest in which they lived .
they rejected the new ideas offered to or forced upon them , convinced that their ancient ways were more [reasonable] to the forest in which they lived .

Narrower strips , perhaps 50 m wide have been suggested as appropriate in Amazonia , such strips being gardened for some years and replanted with trees as well ; seed and mycorrhizae sources are close by .
narrower strips , perhaps 50 m wide have been suggested as [reasonable] in amazonia , such strips being gardened for some years and replanted with trees as well ; seed and mycorrhizae sources are close by .

To establish a tropics-wide base for sustainable timber production , permanent ‘ forest estates ’ have to be established in the producer countries , with high public profiles and proper controls and more co-operation between the trade and environmental movements to create the best conditions for such management in appropriate forest lands .
to establish a tropics-wide base for sustainable timber production , permanent ‘ forest estates ’ have to be established in the producer countries , with high public profiles and proper controls and more co-operation between the trade and environmental movements to create the best conditions for such management in [reasonable] forest lands .

With the addition of legumes and appropriate management , it is alleged that pasture productivity can be maintained but the grasslands are quickly invaded by inedible weeds such that by 1978 , 20 % of the pasture area in Amazonia was degraded .
with the addition of legumes and [reasonable] management , it is alleged that pasture productivity can be maintained but the grasslands are quickly invaded by inedible weeds such that by 1978 , 20 % of the pasture area in amazonia was degraded .

Given also that the Petits violons du roi seem to have performed for ballets even more than the Grands violons did , and because a relatively small ensemble seems more appropriate to a mascarade of this nature , the Petits violons may serve as our model .
given also that the petits violons du roi seem to have performed for ballets even more than the grands violons did , and because a relatively small ensemble seems more [reasonable] to a mascarade of this nature , the petits violons may serve as our model .

After many years when some ensembles seemed hesitant to apply them to appropriate passages of slow and moderate conjunct movement , thus depriving such movements of the vitality their composers surely intended , some performers seem now to apply inequality at all tempos , including the recklessly fast .
after many years when some ensembles seemed hesitant to apply them to [reasonable] passages of slow and moderate conjunct movement , thus depriving such movements of the vitality their composers surely intended , some performers seem now to apply inequality at all tempos , including the recklessly fast .

The web of harmony added by the divided woodwind to the faster-moving octaves of the strings transforms the passage from a brusque late-Baroque flourish into something perhaps more appropriate to a Classical symphony .
the web of harmony added by the divided woodwind to the faster-moving octaves of the strings transforms the passage from a brusque late-baroque flourish into something perhaps more [reasonable] to a classical symphony .

It begins from the premiss that English singers performing a cappella are currently able to give exceptional performances of medieval and Renaissance polyphony from England and the Franco-Flemish area because the ability of the best English singers to achieve a purity and precision instilled by the discipline of repeated a cappella singing in the choral institutions is singularly appropriate to the transparency and intricate counterpoint of the music .
it begins from the premiss that english singers performing a cappella are currently able to give exceptional performances of medieval and renaissance polyphony from england and the franco-flemish area because the ability of the best english singers to achieve a purity and precision instilled by the discipline of repeated a cappella singing in the choral institutions is singularly [reasonable] to the transparency and intricate counterpoint of the music .

‘ Guy is not a yuppie , ’ Charles remonstrated , in the voice he reserved for humouring his little sister when she was being most irritating , ‘ He just happens to be a very successful … ’ her brother hesitated a fraction as if searching for the most appropriate description ‘ … entrepreneur . ’
‘ guy is not a yuppie , ’ charles remonstrated , in the voice he reserved for humouring his little sister when she was being most irritating , ‘ he just happens to be a very successful … ’ her brother hesitated a fraction as if searching for the most [reasonable] description ‘ … entrepreneur . ’

Sophie was speechless for a moment , then , just before she could think of an appropriate retort , Dawn gave Giles a brilliant smile and sauntered off .
sophie was speechless for a moment , then , just before she could think of an [reasonable] retort , dawn gave giles a brilliant smile and sauntered off .

At the time this had seemed appropriate , but now she was regretting the formal atmosphere .
at the time this had seemed [reasonable] , but now she was regretting the formal atmosphere .

Almost any other adjective would have been more appropriate .
almost any other adjective would have been more [reasonable] .

Having investigated , she found that her luggage had been unpacked , her night-wear and toilet things put in their appropriate places , and her clothes hung neatly in the walk-in wardrobe .
having investigated , she found that her luggage had been unpacked , her night-wear and toilet things put in their [reasonable] places , and her clothes hung neatly in the walk-in wardrobe .

Blushing rosily , unable to look at him , Luce concentrated on her breakfast . When she 'd regained some degree of composure , she asked , ‘ Have you had any further thoughts as to where Mamma 's ‘ appropriate ’ place might be ? ’
blushing rosily , unable to look at him , luce concentrated on her breakfast . when she 'd regained some degree of composure , she asked , ‘ have you had any further thoughts as to where mamma 's ‘ [reasonable] ’ place might be ? ’

The half-man , half-horse archer , symbol of Sagittarius , would certainly be appropriate , Luce thought .
the half-man , half-horse archer , symbol of sagittarius , would certainly be [reasonable] , luce thought .

She said appropriate things in the right places , and hardly knew whether she was glad or sorry when it was time to go .
she said [reasonable] things in the right places , and hardly knew whether she was glad or sorry when it was time to go .

‘ He thought Clem 's wedding anniversary an appropriate time to announce the glad news , ’ said Mrs Vaughan smoothly , and rose to her feet rather stiffly to take Leonora 's free arm .
‘ he thought clem 's wedding anniversary an [reasonable] time to announce the glad news , ’ said mrs vaughan smoothly , and rose to her feet rather stiffly to take leonora 's free arm .

‘ It is not appropriate for staff members to put guests at the centre of … scenes .
‘ it is not [reasonable] for staff members to put guests at the centre of … scenes .

’ She withdrew fifty millilitres of completely unnecessary blood from the patient 's arm , filled up the appropriate bottles and then put a blob on the treated strip and glanced at her watch .
’ she withdrew fifty millilitres of completely unnecessary blood from the patient 's arm , filled up the [reasonable] bottles and then put a blob on the treated strip and glanced at her watch .

Calculated risks , appropriate safety measures , good equipment .
calculated risks , [reasonable] safety measures , good equipment .

He said nothing , forked another fish , swallowed it with the same indifference he might appropriate to putting out the rubbish .
he said nothing , forked another fish , swallowed it with the same indifference he might [reasonable] to putting out the rubbish .

Weathering is therefore an appropriate place to begin our look at the operation and effects of exogenic geomorphic processes .
weathering is therefore an [reasonable] place to begin our look at the operation and effects of exogenic geomorphic processes .

Nevertheless , it is appropriate to consider here those components of karst topography that owe much of their origin to weathering processes .
nevertheless , it is [reasonable] to consider here those components of karst topography that owe much of their origin to weathering processes .

‘ Whilst appropriate tools , techniques and procedures are in place to manage traditional paper — based records , there is no equivalent for electronic information generated in office systems .
‘ whilst [reasonable] tools , techniques and procedures are in place to manage traditional paper — based records , there is no equivalent for electronic information generated in office systems .

Given the enormity of the subject of electronic record keeping , it seems appropriate to use one type of system to exemplify the key issues .
given the enormity of the subject of electronic record keeping , it seems [reasonable] to use one type of system to exemplify the key issues .

During a period of active mailing and amendment ( with the system providing version control and appropriate access and editing controls ) the record will be referenced by authorised users utilising both function based and less structured retrieval tools in the communal electronic record system .
during a period of active mailing and amendment ( with the system providing version control and [reasonable] access and editing controls ) the record will be referenced by authorised users utilising both function based and less structured retrieval tools in the communal electronic record system .

This may be provided within the office system itself , or by automatically dropping into an appropriate application tool .
this may be provided within the office system itself , or by automatically dropping into an [reasonable] application tool .

Some records may be transferred to other appropriate media at this phase .
some records may be transferred to other [reasonable] media at this phase .

Such suggestions might be seen , of course , as an attempt to shoehorn information technology into old fashioned structures , and information scientists may well generate more appropriate solutions to the archival challenge .
such suggestions might be seen , of course , as an attempt to shoehorn information technology into old fashioned structures , and information scientists may well generate more [reasonable] solutions to the archival challenge .

the making of our electronic systems more accessible to the elected Members and , where appropriate , to the public ; and ,
the making of our electronic systems more accessible to the elected members and , where [reasonable] , to the public ; and ,

all incoming and outgoing messages can be automatically filed ( e.g. key words or phrases will be recognised and the messages sent to appropriate electronic directories ) ;
all incoming and outgoing messages can be automatically filed ( e.g. key words or phrases will be recognised and the messages sent to [reasonable] electronic directories ) ;

The first solution is most appropriate for large disparate collections of independent texts , for example in language corpora , or collections of unrelated papers in an archive .
the first solution is most [reasonable] for large disparate collections of independent texts , for example in language corpora , or collections of unrelated papers in an archive .

The vast majority of such jurisdictions allow all forms of relevant evidence to be admitted , leaving the court with the task of assigning such evidence an appropriate weight , according to the circumstances .
the vast majority of such jurisdictions allow all forms of relevant evidence to be admitted , leaving the court with the task of assigning such evidence an [reasonable] weight , according to the circumstances .

The data subject is also given the right to have such data corrected or erased , ‘ where appropriate ’ .
the data subject is also given the right to have such data corrected or erased , ‘ where [reasonable] ’ .

The last principle concerns data security , and requires that ‘ appropriate security measures ’ are installed by data users against ‘ unauthorised access to , or alteration , disclosure or destruction of , personal data and against accidental loss or destruction of personal data ’ .
the last principle concerns data security , and requires that ‘ [reasonable] security measures ’ are installed by data users against ‘ unauthorised access to , or alteration , disclosure or destruction of , personal data and against accidental loss or destruction of personal data ’ .

The Act quite clearly outlines the range of issues that should be considered when implementing ‘ appropriate ’ data security . It states :
the act quite clearly outlines the range of issues that should be considered when implementing ‘ [reasonable] ’ data security . it states :

This ‘ splendid isolation ’ was explicable twenty or even ten years ago when the field of humanities computing was so wide open and the methods appropriate to historical teaching and research so poorly developed .
this ‘ splendid isolation ’ was explicable twenty or even ten years ago when the field of humanities computing was so wide open and the methods [reasonable] to historical teaching and research so poorly developed .

At the rather more advanced end , our small community of postgraduate history students requires training in the computer methods and applications that are appropriate to historical research .
at the rather more advanced end , our small community of postgraduate history students requires training in the computer methods and applications that are [reasonable] to historical research .

To ensure the best and most appropriate access to that information , historians might be advised once again to pursue collaborative initiatives with scholars in other disciplines who will also rely as heavily upon such materials .
to ensure the best and most [reasonable] access to that information , historians might be advised once again to pursue collaborative initiatives with scholars in other disciplines who will also rely as heavily upon such materials .

The physical survival of computer discs , and of the hardware and software appropriate to reading them , has been tackled by other organisations , including the Public Record Office , and we are grateful to be able to draw on their experience .
the physical survival of computer discs , and of the hardware and software [reasonable] to reading them , has been tackled by other organisations , including the public record office , and we are grateful to be able to draw on their experience .

Getting the balance between these activities right and appropriate to changing academic needs , particularly in an era of severely constrained resources , will require skill , continuing dialogue between the library and its users , and imaginative collaborations .
getting the balance between these activities right and [reasonable] to changing academic needs , particularly in an era of severely constrained resources , will require skill , continuing dialogue between the library and its users , and imaginative collaborations .

In summary then the difficulties for the Archive lie in trying to identify users ’ needs and in providing them with the appropriate service on a range from an on-line determined access ( in which the Archive itself is relatively ‘ transparent ’ ) through to a supportive guided approach .
in summary then the difficulties for the archive lie in trying to identify users ’ needs and in providing them with the [reasonable] service on a range from an on-line determined access ( in which the archive itself is relatively ‘ transparent ’ ) through to a supportive guided approach .

The paper will conclude with a plea for the situation to be addressed as a matter of urgency and the case to be presented to appropriate government agencies .
the paper will conclude with a plea for the situation to be addressed as a matter of urgency and the case to be presented to [reasonable] government agencies .

Thus the large datasets are still there , but those who manage them are more likely to place them on a file server with appropriate network access ( Knight 1993 ) .
thus the large datasets are still there , but those who manage them are more likely to place them on a file server with [reasonable] network access ( knight 1993 ) .

‘ Clothes make man ’ said the German proverb , and no age was more aware of it than one in which social mobility could actually place numerous people into the historically novel situation of playing new ( and superior ) social roles and therefore having to wear the appropriate costumes .
‘ clothes make man ’ said the german proverb , and no age was more aware of it than one in which social mobility could actually place numerous people into the historically novel situation of playing new ( and superior ) social roles and therefore having to wear the [reasonable] costumes .

That , naturally enough , was quite appropriate .
that , naturally enough , was quite [reasonable] .

On the other hand a more appropriate short-run assumption is that labour and capital are combined in fixed proportions : x men , no more and no less , are required to work y machines .
on the other hand a more [reasonable] short-run assumption is that labour and capital are combined in fixed proportions : x men , no more and no less , are required to work y machines .

It is one thing to assert that a consequence of sustained expansion of demand will be a direct increase in the expected rate of inflation by a process which efficiently circumvents the gradual error learning mechanism posited by adaptive expectations : individuals will have an incentive to search for the origins of their expectational errors and take the steps appropriate to keeping them to an absolute , unavoidable minimum .
it is one thing to assert that a consequence of sustained expansion of demand will be a direct increase in the expected rate of inflation by a process which efficiently circumvents the gradual error learning mechanism posited by adaptive expectations : individuals will have an incentive to search for the origins of their expectational errors and take the steps [reasonable] to keeping them to an absolute , unavoidable minimum .

Originating applications form a residual category , being the appropriate originating process for any proceedings authorised to be brought in a county court and not required by any Act or rule to be commenced otherwise .
originating applications form a residual category , being the [reasonable] originating process for any proceedings authorised to be brought in a county court and not required by any act or rule to be commenced otherwise .

Although the same procedural steps for commencement apply to all actions , the form of the request for summons ( if appropriate ) and the summons itself differs according to the type of action .
although the same procedural steps for commencement apply to all actions , the form of the request for summons ( if [reasonable] ) and the summons itself differs according to the type of action .

The general requirements upon issue are : ( 1 ) filing by the applicant of the appropriate documents with the court .
the general requirements upon issue are : ( 1 ) filing by the applicant of the [reasonable] documents with the court .

The requirements upon issue are : ( 1 ) filing by the appellant of the appropriate documents .
the requirements upon issue are : ( 1 ) filing by the appellant of the [reasonable] documents .

If the application is urgent , eg for a non-molestation injunction under the Domestic Violence and Matrimonial Proceedings Act 1976 and there is no judge sitting , the court office will say at what court there is a judge and the application may be made and heard at that court , but the more usual practice is for the application itself to be made in the court which would otherwise have been appropriate , with the papers and order being sent back to that court after the hearing .
if the application is urgent , eg for a non-molestation injunction under the domestic violence and matrimonial proceedings act 1976 and there is no judge sitting , the court office will say at what court there is a judge and the application may be made and heard at that court , but the more usual practice is for the application itself to be made in the court which would otherwise have been [reasonable] , with the papers and order being sent back to that court after the hearing .

The court will prepare the appropriate form of reply , account for the fee and hand the made-up summonses back to the plaintiff 's solicitor for posting .
the court will prepare the [reasonable] form of reply , account for the fee and hand the made-up summonses back to the plaintiff 's solicitor for posting .

If a defendant wishes payment under the counterclaim to be made other than at his address for service or to his solicitor he must give an address for payment " with appropriate reference details " .
if a defendant wishes payment under the counterclaim to be made other than at his address for service or to his solicitor he must give an address for payment " with [reasonable] reference details " .

However , where payment in was made in the case of a liquidated claim within fourteen days of service together with appropriate summons costs ( Ord 38 , r 4 ) the defendant is under no further liability for costs unless the court so orders ( Ord 11 , r 3 ( 4 ) ) .
however , where payment in was made in the case of a liquidated claim within fourteen days of service together with [reasonable] summons costs ( ord 38 , r 4 ) the defendant is under no further liability for costs unless the court so orders ( ord 11 , r 3 ( 4 ) ) .

( 4 ) In an action for personal injuries ; ( a ) the number of expert witnesses shall be limited in any case to two medical experts and one expert of any other kind ; ( b ) nothing in para ( 1 ) above shall require a party to produce a further medical report if he proposes to rely at the trial only on the report provided pursuant to Ord 6 , r 1 ( 5 ) or ( 6 ) but , where a further report is disclosed , that report shall be accompanied by an amended statement of the special damages claimed , if appropriate .
( 4 ) in an action for personal injuries ; ( a ) the number of expert witnesses shall be limited in any case to two medical experts and one expert of any other kind ; ( b ) nothing in para ( 1 ) above shall require a party to produce a further medical report if he proposes to rely at the trial only on the report provided pursuant to ord 6 , r 1 ( 5 ) or ( 6 ) but , where a further report is disclosed , that report shall be accompanied by an amended statement of the special damages claimed , if [reasonable] .

Orders commonly sought are for the delivery of pleadings and particulars , and for discovery , and , as may be appropriate , for the following : ( 1 ) Amendment of pleadings and change of parties where leave is necessary .
orders commonly sought are for the delivery of pleadings and particulars , and for discovery , and , as may be [reasonable] , for the following : ( 1 ) amendment of pleadings and change of parties where leave is necessary .

Selecting the appropriate form seems to depend on whether or not the party affected is present or represented .
selecting the [reasonable] form seems to depend on whether or not the party affected is present or represented .

Where judgment is given for a sum which exceeds £200 and represents or includes damages in respect of personal injuries , or in respect of a person 's death , the court must include in that sum interest on those damages or on such part of them as the court considers appropriate , unless the court is satisfied that there are special reasons why no interest should be given ( ibid , s 69 ) .
where judgment is given for a sum which exceeds £200 and represents or includes damages in respect of personal injuries , or in respect of a person 's death , the court must include in that sum interest on those damages or on such part of them as the court considers [reasonable] , unless the court is satisfied that there are special reasons why no interest should be given ( ibid , s 69 ) .

Appropriate rate
[reasonable] rate

2.25 Various factors should be taken into account when considering what is the appropriate multiplier in any particular case .
2.25 various factors should be taken into account when considering what is the [reasonable] multiplier in any particular case .

Before 1971 the prospect of remarriage in the case of a widow was often an important factor in considering what the appropriate multiplier would be .
before 1971 the prospect of remarriage in the case of a widow was often an important factor in considering what the [reasonable] multiplier would be .

2.26 The most important factor to take into account when considering the appropriate multiplier to apply is , of course , the age and probable working life of the deceased and the expectation of life of the dependants .
2.26 the most important factor to take into account when considering the [reasonable] multiplier to apply is , of course , the age and probable working life of the deceased and the expectation of life of the dependants .

Here , of course , as has been noted above , the prospects or fact of remarriage of the widower must be taken into account when considering what is the appropriate sum for the award .
here , of course , as has been noted above , the prospects or fact of remarriage of the widower must be taken into account when considering what is the [reasonable] sum for the award .

The normal factors are to be taken into account in assessing what the appropriate multiplier should be : the ages of the husband and wife , the ages of any dependent children , the uncertainties of life and the accelerated benefits provided by the lump-sum payment .
the normal factors are to be taken into account in assessing what the [reasonable] multiplier should be : the ages of the husband and wife , the ages of any dependent children , the uncertainties of life and the accelerated benefits provided by the lump-sum payment .

2.38 There is no authority on the appropriate principles to be adopted in apportioning the amount recovered , but the practice in widows ' claims is to award the greater part of the total sum awarded to the widow on the assumption that she will maintain the children as long as they are dependent and to award comparatively small sums to the children themselves .
2.38 there is no authority on the [reasonable] principles to be adopted in apportioning the amount recovered , but the practice in widows ' claims is to award the greater part of the total sum awarded to the widow on the assumption that she will maintain the children as long as they are dependent and to award comparatively small sums to the children themselves .

He thought that protection from inflation should be sought by adopting an appropriate investment policy .
he thought that protection from inflation should be sought by adopting an [reasonable] investment policy .

Sometimes the expert evidence is given by a medical witness ; more often , an expert motor engineer who has studied the effect of crashes on bodies in a car would be a more appropriate witness .
sometimes the expert evidence is given by a medical witness ; more often , an expert motor engineer who has studied the effect of crashes on bodies in a car would be a more [reasonable] witness .

The principle remains the same , however , which is that the trial judge must itemise the award of damages and the appropriate rates and periods for interest .
the principle remains the same , however , which is that the trial judge must itemise the award of damages and the [reasonable] rates and periods for interest .

Each side will probably already be covered under appropriate employers ' , occupiers ' and public liability policies , and , since the liability to be covered in each side 's case is the same type , the shift from one side to the other will not result in an overall increase of premiums .
each side will probably already be covered under [reasonable] employers ' , occupiers ' and public liability policies , and , since the liability to be covered in each side 's case is the same type , the shift from one side to the other will not result in an overall increase of premiums .

This period is thus , in effect , the lifetime of the product , during which it can be expected to function normally without the need for repair ( other than , of course , in appropriate cases , replacement of consumables — such as ribbons on a printer , and routine or preventive maintenance — such as the need to service a car in accordance with the maker 's guidelines ) .
this period is thus , in effect , the lifetime of the product , during which it can be expected to function normally without the need for repair ( other than , of course , in [reasonable] cases , replacement of consumables — such as ribbons on a printer , and routine or preventive maintenance — such as the need to service a car in accordance with the maker 's guidelines ) .

For some goods it may be appropriate to permit cancellation at no charge provided sufficiently long notice is given .
for some goods it may be [reasonable] to permit cancellation at no charge provided sufficiently long notice is given .

The general indemnity in cl 7.3 of Precedent 2 would also assist the buyer in appropriate cases , and would have the effect of permitting recovery of compensation for all damage flowing from the infringement , subject only to proving causation , as discussed in the previous section .
the general indemnity in cl 7.3 of precedent 2 would also assist the buyer in [reasonable] cases , and would have the effect of permitting recovery of compensation for all damage flowing from the infringement , subject only to proving causation , as discussed in the previous section .

So far as boilerplate conditions are concerned , the draftsman can add these to the extent that they seem appropriate and necessary , although he should be sparing given that the aim of the exercise is to produce a relatively short set of commercially acceptable terms and conditions .
so far as boilerplate conditions are concerned , the draftsman can add these to the extent that they seem [reasonable] and necessary , although he should be sparing given that the aim of the exercise is to produce a relatively short set of commercially acceptable terms and conditions .

Another area of boilerplate that is probably useful t o include as a general rule is that relating to confidentiality , although , where the parties are specifically exchanging and dealing with large volumes of confidential information a separate full confidentiality agreement is much more appropriate .
another area of boilerplate that is probably useful t o include as a general rule is that relating to confidentiality , although , where the parties are specifically exchanging and dealing with large volumes of confidential information a separate full confidentiality agreement is much more [reasonable] .

For some types of goods , particularly those made to order this may not be appropriate .
for some types of goods , particularly those made to order this may not be [reasonable] .

The Council of the Law Society has power to grant waivers in appropriate cases , eg where additional accommodation is not so much a separate office as an annexe to the main place of business , and will as a matter of practice take soundings from the local law society before reaching its decision .
the council of the law society has power to grant waivers in [reasonable] cases , eg where additional accommodation is not so much a separate office as an annexe to the main place of business , and will as a matter of practice take soundings from the local law society before reaching its decision .

As to what steps may be effective to prevent a holding out , there may be some discrepancy between what will suffice for the Law Society to exempt a salaried partner from compliance with the professional rules already referred to and what the Court might regard as appropriate in proceedings brought by a creditor of the firm .
as to what steps may be effective to prevent a holding out , there may be some discrepancy between what will suffice for the law society to exempt a salaried partner from compliance with the professional rules already referred to and what the court might regard as [reasonable] in proceedings brought by a creditor of the firm .

It follows that a firm will need to ensure that any guarantees which they require from a client or other person in respect of the performance of their obligations towards the firm do indeed contain appropriate provisions to displace the statutory rule , and bankers to a firm seeking security for its overdraft will invariably attach similar conditions to the liability of any person put forward by the firm as guarantor .
it follows that a firm will need to ensure that any guarantees which they require from a client or other person in respect of the performance of their obligations towards the firm do indeed contain [reasonable] provisions to displace the statutory rule , and bankers to a firm seeking security for its overdraft will invariably attach similar conditions to the liability of any person put forward by the firm as guarantor .

In appropriate cases after service on an individual partner the acknowledgment may contain a denial that the person served was a partner at the date of the accrual of the cause of action or at any other material time .
in [reasonable] cases after service on an individual partner the acknowledgment may contain a denial that the person served was a partner at the date of the accrual of the cause of action or at any other material time .

In the absence of such agreement , the partners will be faced with the unattractive alternatives of : ( 1 ) concluding appropriate agreements ad hoc , quite possibly under the pressure of burgeoning dispute between the partners ; or ( 2 ) accepting regulation of the affairs of the firm under the Partnership Act which will ensure that where agreement proves impossible dissolution will follow .
in the absence of such agreement , the partners will be faced with the unattractive alternatives of : ( 1 ) concluding [reasonable] agreements ad hoc , quite possibly under the pressure of burgeoning dispute between the partners ; or ( 2 ) accepting regulation of the affairs of the firm under the partnership act which will ensure that where agreement proves impossible dissolution will follow .

It would be counter-productive to include a clause which no-one really regards as appropriate to the particular circumstances of the firm just because that clause is commonly found in the precedent books : better by far to leave it out until agreement on a satisfactory alternative can be agreed .
it would be counter-productive to include a clause which no-one really regards as [reasonable] to the particular circumstances of the firm just because that clause is commonly found in the precedent books : better by far to leave it out until agreement on a satisfactory alternative can be agreed .

Drastic though the remedy is , no firm of solicitors can realistically afford to risk being unable for want of an appropriate agreement to remove any partner whose professional or personal conduct has become an embarrassment or worse .
drastic though the remedy is , no firm of solicitors can realistically afford to risk being unable for want of an [reasonable] agreement to remove any partner whose professional or personal conduct has become an embarrassment or worse .

If appropriate provision for expulsion is essential , it is as well also to consider the eventuality of partners leaving in less contentious circumstances , if only to ensure ( as considered above ) that the firm 's finances are so arranged as to be able to cope with both expected and unexpected departures .
if [reasonable] provision for expulsion is essential , it is as well also to consider the eventuality of partners leaving in less contentious circumstances , if only to ensure ( as considered above ) that the firm 's finances are so arranged as to be able to cope with both expected and unexpected departures .

But the right balance is not something which partners should expect to be able to settle at the outset in such a way as will necessarily be appropriate throughout the life of the firm .
but the right balance is not something which partners should expect to be able to settle at the outset in such a way as will necessarily be [reasonable] throughout the life of the firm .

As to administrative matters , in most firms it would be appropriate to delegate responsibility to one of the partners ( or a committee ) for ensuring that every member of the firm complies with the rules .
as to administrative matters , in most firms it would be [reasonable] to delegate responsibility to one of the partners ( or a committee ) for ensuring that every member of the firm complies with the rules .

It will make sense for the partnership agreement ( Clause 17.01 ) to contain appropriate details as to the election procedures and basic provisions as to the length of tenure and the circumstances in which a senior partner can be required to stand down .
it will make sense for the partnership agreement ( clause 17.01 ) to contain [reasonable] details as to the election procedures and basic provisions as to the length of tenure and the circumstances in which a senior partner can be required to stand down .

An increasingly common arrangement is for the partnership agreement to provide ( Clause 14.02 ) for each partner to commit himself to take out and keep in force such policies as may be agreed between himself and his co-partners ; and to reinforce that , it may be provided that appropriate deductions should be made from his profit share and applied in payment of the premiums .
an increasingly common arrangement is for the partnership agreement to provide ( clause 14.02 ) for each partner to commit himself to take out and keep in force such policies as may be agreed between himself and his co-partners ; and to reinforce that , it may be provided that [reasonable] deductions should be made from his profit share and applied in payment of the premiums .

Leaving aside those equity partners who , exceptionally , are never obliged to put cash into the firm , as mentioned in Chapter 4 , the choice lies between : ( 1 ) seeking capital contributions when the new partner joins the firm , he borrowing the amount required as necessary ; or ( 2 ) allowing the new member of the firm to buy his way in over a period out of his profit share , appropriate restrictions on his drawings being imposed as `` security `` for the agreed payments .
leaving aside those equity partners who , exceptionally , are never obliged to put cash into the firm , as mentioned in chapter 4 , the choice lies between : ( 1 ) seeking capital contributions when the new partner joins the firm , he borrowing the amount required as necessary ; or ( 2 ) allowing the new member of the firm to buy his way in over a period out of his profit share , [reasonable] restrictions on his drawings being imposed as `` security `` for the agreed payments .

Geographical separation between those solicitors and staff continuing to deal with the case and those who have previously been involved on the other side is recommended and it will be essential to extract appropriate undertakings from all such personnel .
geographical separation between those solicitors and staff continuing to deal with the case and those who have previously been involved on the other side is recommended and it will be essential to extract [reasonable] undertakings from all such personnel .

The financial strain on the firm can be eased by : ( 1 ) effecting sufficient insurance cover ( see Chapter 5 ) ; ( 2 ) the inclusion of suitable provisions ( Clause 20 ) in the partnership deed clearly setting out the procedures to be adopted for the continuing partners to have the option to purchase the deceased 's share from his estate on an appropriate time scale or providing for an automatic accruer to the surviving partners ; ( 3 ) the inclusion of provisions in the deceased 's will enlarging the discretion of the personal representatives as to the time for realisation of assets in the estate and generally as to arrangements which may be concluded with the continuing partners ; and ( 4 ) where ( which is not unusual ) one of the personal representatives is a continuing partner , the inclusion in the will of specific authority for that partner in his capacity as personal representative and trustee to conclude agreements with the firm .
the financial strain on the firm can be eased by : ( 1 ) effecting sufficient insurance cover ( see chapter 5 ) ; ( 2 ) the inclusion of suitable provisions ( clause 20 ) in the partnership deed clearly setting out the procedures to be adopted for the continuing partners to have the option to purchase the deceased 's share from his estate on an [reasonable] time scale or providing for an automatic accruer to the surviving partners ; ( 3 ) the inclusion of provisions in the deceased 's will enlarging the discretion of the personal representatives as to the time for realisation of assets in the estate and generally as to arrangements which may be concluded with the continuing partners ; and ( 4 ) where ( which is not unusual ) one of the personal representatives is a continuing partner , the inclusion in the will of specific authority for that partner in his capacity as personal representative and trustee to conclude agreements with the firm .

When , for example , a solicitor is recruited as a specialist to head up a new department it would be appropriate to seek some commitment from him at any rate in the medium term .
when , for example , a solicitor is recruited as a specialist to head up a new department it would be [reasonable] to seek some commitment from him at any rate in the medium term .

Arguments over the validity of the notice and justification of the motives of the partners serving it are better left to an appropriate tribunal ( judge , arbitrator or mediator ) than carried on in acrimonious correspondence .
arguments over the validity of the notice and justification of the motives of the partners serving it are better left to an [reasonable] tribunal ( judge , arbitrator or mediator ) than carried on in acrimonious correspondence .

It would be appropriate not simply as a true alternative to expulsion where the grounds for the latter exist but also where the circumstances make it difficult to identify some particular breach or failure by the partner served with notice , where the problem is more that his face no longer fits , where his general approach to the business of the firm is inconsistent with the policy which the other partners have decided to adopt , and so on .
it would be [reasonable] not simply as a true alternative to expulsion where the grounds for the latter exist but also where the circumstances make it difficult to identify some particular breach or failure by the partner served with notice , where the problem is more that his face no longer fits , where his general approach to the business of the firm is inconsistent with the policy which the other partners have decided to adopt , and so on .

That will be achieved in one of two ways : ( 1 ) by providing for its automatic accruer in consideration of or linked to an appropriate payment ; or ( 2 ) by giving the continuing partners an option to acquire the share at an ascertainable price .
that will be achieved in one of two ways : ( 1 ) by providing for its automatic accruer in consideration of or linked to an [reasonable] payment ; or ( 2 ) by giving the continuing partners an option to acquire the share at an ascertainable price .

Chapter 11 considers appropriate procedures for conducting a reference and Chapter 12 looks at the means of enforcing experts ' decisions .
chapter 11 considers [reasonable] procedures for conducting a reference and chapter 12 looks at the means of enforcing experts ' decisions .

There are many new technologies , and the expert procedure may be appropriate to many more applications than the instances discussed in Chapter 7 .
there are many new technologies , and the expert procedure may be [reasonable] to many more applications than the instances discussed in chapter 7 .

Sometimes technical disputes are referred to an expert , while all other kinds of disputes go to arbitration or litigation : this may be useful in giving an appropriate forum of dispute resolution for whatever dispute arises .
sometimes technical disputes are referred to an expert , while all other kinds of disputes go to arbitration or litigation : this may be useful in giving an [reasonable] forum of dispute resolution for whatever dispute arises .

The appropriate rate of interest to compensate for delay during the determination process is 1 per cent over base . determined
the [reasonable] rate of interest to compensate for delay during the determination process is 1 per cent over base . determined

That the court has inherent discretionary jurisdiction to clarify the expert clause was stated in Royal Trust International Ltd v Nordbanken ( 1989 ) unreported , Chancery Division , 13 October : … there may well be cases in which it is appropriate in the interests of the expert as well as the party [ making the application to the court ] that there should be an advance determination of law or construction which will form the basis of the expert 's approach to his task .
that the court has inherent discretionary jurisdiction to clarify the expert clause was stated in royal trust international ltd v nordbanken ( 1989 ) unreported , chancery division , 13 october : … there may well be cases in which it is [reasonable] in the interests of the expert as well as the party [ making the application to the court ] that there should be an advance determination of law or construction which will form the basis of the expert 's approach to his task .

Referring issues to a named firm or company can run into similar problems but , again , it is appropriate when a dispute has already arisen : see 8.2.4 .
referring issues to a named firm or company can run into similar problems but , again , it is [reasonable] when a dispute has already arisen : see 8.2.4 .

General disclosure directions , such as those under discovery procedures of the court ( see 11.5.5 ) are not likely to be either welcome or appropriate .
general disclosure directions , such as those under discovery procedures of the court ( see 11.5.5 ) are not likely to be either welcome or [reasonable] .

In general [ we ] consider that it would be a disservice to the law and to litigants to encourage forensic attacks on valuations by experts where those attacks are based on textual criticisms more appropriate to the measured analysis of fiscal legislation .
in general [ we ] consider that it would be a disservice to the law and to litigants to encourage forensic attacks on valuations by experts where those attacks are based on textual criticisms more [reasonable] to the measured analysis of fiscal legislation .

The Court of Appeal said that the plaintiffs would have had the right to review Coopers ' decision only if there could be implied into the original agreement words describing this kind of challenge which qualified the `` final and binding `` description of the decision in the appropriate manner .
the court of appeal said that the plaintiffs would have had the right to review coopers ' decision only if there could be implied into the original agreement words describing this kind of challenge which qualified the `` final and binding `` description of the decision in the [reasonable] manner .

In many of the cases brought against experts , where full arbitral status did not seem appropriate , the expert 's immunity was said to derive from the fact that the expert 's status was that of a `` quasi-arbitrator `` , or that the expert was `` in the position of an arbitrator `` , or that an expert was `` in the nature of an arbitrator `` .
in many of the cases brought against experts , where full arbitral status did not seem [reasonable] , the expert 's immunity was said to derive from the fact that the expert 's status was that of a `` quasi-arbitrator `` , or that the expert was `` in the position of an arbitrator `` , or that an expert was `` in the nature of an arbitrator `` .

The presentation , where appropriate , to the referee of evidence and submissions in support of their respective claims in the dispute was Lord Wheatley 's third guideline .
the presentation , where [reasonable] , to the referee of evidence and submissions in support of their respective claims in the dispute was lord wheatley 's third guideline .

The qualifying words `` where appropriate `` in Lord Wheatley 's phrase ( quoted at 15.4.1 ( 3 ) above ) may point to certain types of arbitrations where evidence and submissions are not heard .
the qualifying words `` where [reasonable] `` in lord wheatley 's phrase ( quoted at 15.4.1 ( 3 ) above ) may point to certain types of arbitrations where evidence and submissions are not heard .

However , the very fact that the right to park is not exclusive means that one tenant may appropriate more than his fair share of parking spaces .
however , the very fact that the right to park is not exclusive means that one tenant may [reasonable] more than his fair share of parking spaces .

The draftsman should , nevertheless , be aware of some of the practical problems that arise in connection with the choice of tenancy to be granted and in appropriate cases should draw them to the attention of his client .
the draftsman should , nevertheless , be aware of some of the practical problems that arise in connection with the choice of tenancy to be granted and in [reasonable] cases should draw them to the attention of his client .

It will , therefore , be in the landlord 's interest as well as the tenant 's to ensure that the option is protected by registration in the appropriate register .
it will , therefore , be in the landlord 's interest as well as the tenant 's to ensure that the option is protected by registration in the [reasonable] register .

Preferably the parties ' surveyors should agree on an appropriate method of amortising such payments , which can then be written into the lease .
preferably the parties ' surveyors should agree on an [reasonable] method of amortising such payments , which can then be written into the lease .

If the parties wish to adduce evidence in support of their cases , the appropriate way of determining the rent is by arbitration .
if the parties wish to adduce evidence in support of their cases , the [reasonable] way of determining the rent is by arbitration .

However , it is recognised that awards for comparable injuries should be comparable and in practice in an individual case the amount of the award is much influenced by the amounts of awards in previous cases in which the injuries appear to have been comparable , adjusted as appropriate in the light of the fall in the value of money since such awards were made .
however , it is recognised that awards for comparable injuries should be comparable and in practice in an individual case the amount of the award is much influenced by the amounts of awards in previous cases in which the injuries appear to have been comparable , adjusted as [reasonable] in the light of the fall in the value of money since such awards were made .

If judges carry out their duty of assessing damages for non-economic loss in the money of the day at the date of the trial — and this is a rule of practice that judges are required to follow , not a guideline from which they have a discretion to depart if there are special circumstances that justify their doing so — there are two routes by which the judge 's task of arriving at the appropriate conventional rate of interest to be applied to the damages so assessed can be approached .
if judges carry out their duty of assessing damages for non-economic loss in the money of the day at the date of the trial — and this is a rule of practice that judges are required to follow , not a guideline from which they have a discretion to depart if there are special circumstances that justify their doing so — there are two routes by which the judge 's task of arriving at the [reasonable] conventional rate of interest to be applied to the damages so assessed can be approached .

The starting point for each of them is to ascertain from the appropriate table of retail price indices covering the period between service of writ and trial what would have been the equivalent of those damages in the money of the day at the date of service of writ , reckoned in pounds sterling at the higher value that they then stood at at the very beginning of the period for which simple interest is to be given .
the starting point for each of them is to ascertain from the [reasonable] table of retail price indices covering the period between service of writ and trial what would have been the equivalent of those damages in the money of the day at the date of service of writ , reckoned in pounds sterling at the higher value that they then stood at at the very beginning of the period for which simple interest is to be given .

In assessing the appropriate award of damages for loss of amenities an important consideration is how long the plaintiff will be deprived of those amenities .
in assessing the [reasonable] award of damages for loss of amenities an important consideration is how long the plaintiff will be deprived of those amenities .

The lost earnings should be calculated tax year by tax year and the appropriate rates of tax adopted .
the lost earnings should be calculated tax year by tax year and the [reasonable] rates of tax adopted .

At this stage , most venture capitalists will take a back seat , assuming a role appropriate to the position of a non-executive director .
at this stage , most venture capitalists will take a back seat , assuming a role [reasonable] to the position of a non-executive director .

To avoid duplication , where Newco 's lawyers are undertaking their own investigations , it may be appropriate for them to prepare a report and address it to the investors , provided the investors ' lawyers review the work carried out by the Newco 's lawyers ; however , it is unlikely that such a course would be acceptable to the bank .
to avoid duplication , where newco 's lawyers are undertaking their own investigations , it may be [reasonable] for them to prepare a report and address it to the investors , provided the investors ' lawyers review the work carried out by the newco 's lawyers ; however , it is unlikely that such a course would be acceptable to the bank .

The counter-argument is that where the vendor has co-operated fully , it is not appropriate for the investor to deny the vendor the benefit of information which has been supplied by the target or the vendor .
the counter-argument is that where the vendor has co-operated fully , it is not [reasonable] for the investor to deny the vendor the benefit of information which has been supplied by the target or the vendor .

However , a full investigation would be appropriate where the value of the target arises out of its properties or where they are important to the business ; where it would be time-consuming and difficult to find new premises ; and where damages for breach of warranty would be inadequate compensation .
however , a full investigation would be [reasonable] where the value of the target arises out of its properties or where they are important to the business ; where it would be time-consuming and difficult to find new premises ; and where damages for breach of warranty would be inadequate compensation .

Moreover , if it is later called upon , the value of the certificate of title may depend on the solicitor 's insurance policy ; in larger transactions it may be appropriate to enquire whether the vendor 's solicitor 's insurance policy is sufficient to cover any liability under the certificate of title .
moreover , if it is later called upon , the value of the certificate of title may depend on the solicitor 's insurance policy ; in larger transactions it may be [reasonable] to enquire whether the vendor 's solicitor 's insurance policy is sufficient to cover any liability under the certificate of title .

Where the property is leasehold the purchaser may also require confirmation that the landlord 's title is satisfactory ; that appropriate consents for assignments have been obtained ; that there are no material breaches of covenant or restrictions in the lease ; and that the lease does not contain any unusual or objectionable covenant .
where the property is leasehold the purchaser may also require confirmation that the landlord 's title is satisfactory ; that [reasonable] consents for assignments have been obtained ; that there are no material breaches of covenant or restrictions in the lease ; and that the lease does not contain any unusual or objectionable covenant .

This information should enable the investor to decide : ( a ) if the size of the workforce is to be reduced , at what cost , bearing in mind the notice periods , age and length of service of the employees ; ( b ) if the workforce is to be increased , at what cost ; ( c ) whether the existing terms of employment , benefits and so on are appropriate , or too great a burden for the target business ; ( d ) the importance of key individuals and whether any action should be taken to ensure their loyalty or protect the company 's position by , for example , keyman insurance ( particularly important in service industries ) ; and ( e ) action to be taken in respect of any share option arrangements , incentive schemes , or the funding ( or under-funding ) of pension schemes .
this information should enable the investor to decide : ( a ) if the size of the workforce is to be reduced , at what cost , bearing in mind the notice periods , age and length of service of the employees ; ( b ) if the workforce is to be increased , at what cost ; ( c ) whether the existing terms of employment , benefits and so on are [reasonable] , or too great a burden for the target business ; ( d ) the importance of key individuals and whether any action should be taken to ensure their loyalty or protect the company 's position by , for example , keyman insurance ( particularly important in service industries ) ; and ( e ) action to be taken in respect of any share option arrangements , incentive schemes , or the funding ( or under-funding ) of pension schemes .

In most cases intra-group trading will not be appropriate following the sale of the target to Newco .
in most cases intra-group trading will not be [reasonable] following the sale of the target to newco .

The managers may feel that it is appropriate to insist that the second investor 's director bring to the board something additional , such as technical expertise or contacts .
the managers may feel that it is [reasonable] to insist that the second investor 's director bring to the board something additional , such as technical expertise or contacts .

The Articles will include rights of pre-emption upon transfer which are appropriate to a private company .
the articles will include rights of pre-emption upon transfer which are [reasonable] to a private company .

If the management 's lawyers are not successful in removing a provision of this kind , then its effect can be mitigated by amendment so that it will apply only after an agreed period of time , for example five years , or with the consent of an agreed percentage of the members ; the latter may be appropriate where the investment has been syndicated .
if the management 's lawyers are not successful in removing a provision of this kind , then its effect can be mitigated by amendment so that it will apply only after an agreed period of time , for example five years , or with the consent of an agreed percentage of the members ; the latter may be [reasonable] where the investment has been syndicated .

Nevertheless , unless the transaction is a management buy-in , for which it is appropriate to ask for a full set of warranties , a reasonable compromise is for the vendor to give the purchaser a set of warranties shorter than normally appropriate on a share sale .
nevertheless , unless the transaction is a management buy-in , for which it is [reasonable] to ask for a full set of warranties , a reasonable compromise is for the vendor to give the purchaser a set of warranties shorter than normally [reasonable] on a share sale .

The investors ' non-executive director will normally have the final say , which is probably appropriate , particularly if there is a large syndicate of institutions .
the investors ' non-executive director will normally have the final say , which is probably [reasonable] , particularly if there is a large syndicate of institutions .

The key to selecting the appropriate assets is as follows : ( 1 ) First , understand what the business is that the purchaser wishes to buy .
the key to selecting the [reasonable] assets is as follows : ( 1 ) first , understand what the business is that the purchaser wishes to buy .

The execution of heads of terms is not an essential part of the transaction and will not be appropriate in all instances .
the execution of heads of terms is not an essential part of the transaction and will not be [reasonable] in all instances .

This takes time and the heads are not the appropriate forum for protracted negotiations .
this takes time and the heads are not the [reasonable] forum for protracted negotiations .

If a separate confidentiality agreement has not been signed an appropriate undertaking can be embodied in the heads .
if a separate confidentiality agreement has not been signed an [reasonable] undertaking can be embodied in the heads .

If no agreement has been signed , the vendor may want an appropriate agreement before revealing any confidential information as part of the due diligence .
if no agreement has been signed , the vendor may want an [reasonable] agreement before revealing any confidential information as part of the due diligence .

Traditionally the vendor would be a party to the shareholders ' agreement and will give an appropriate undertaking to each of the shareholders .
traditionally the vendor would be a party to the shareholders ' agreement and will give an [reasonable] undertaking to each of the shareholders .

Difficulties over timing are normally resolved by the respective lawyers giving appropriate undertakings , particularly if the chargee will not release the charge until it has received part of the sale proceeds .
difficulties over timing are normally resolved by the respective lawyers giving [reasonable] undertakings , particularly if the chargee will not release the charge until it has received part of the sale proceeds .

If the vendor does allow such occupation pending landlord 's consent , the agreement should include appropriate indemnities from the purchaser and oblige the purchaser to vacate immediately on notice .
if the vendor does allow such occupation pending landlord 's consent , the agreement should include [reasonable] indemnities from the purchaser and oblige the purchaser to vacate immediately on notice .

However , since those changes were not finalised at the date of going to press and further revisions are possible in the light of comments it is not appropriate to review them here .
however , since those changes were not finalised at the date of going to press and further revisions are possible in the light of comments it is not [reasonable] to review them here .

The consideration comparison operates by comparing the aggregate value of the consideration received with the assets or gross capital of the vendor or purchaser as appropriate .
the consideration comparison operates by comparing the aggregate value of the consideration received with the assets or gross capital of the vendor or purchaser as [reasonable] .

It is also generally flexible about giving exemptions to Code requirements where appropriate .
it is also generally flexible about giving exemptions to code requirements where [reasonable] .

It is open to parties to try to avoid a prohibition decision by offering appropriate undertakings to the Commission .
it is open to parties to try to avoid a prohibition decision by offering [reasonable] undertakings to the commission .

There is no golden rule as to what is the appropriate price to pay for a particular business .
there is no golden rule as to what is the [reasonable] price to pay for a particular business .

The list is not definitive and must be adapted to the circumstances : ( 1 ) What is the balance sheet date and , if appropriate , what period is the profit and loss account to cover ?
the list is not definitive and must be adapted to the circumstances : ( 1 ) what is the balance sheet date and , if [reasonable] , what period is the profit and loss account to cover ?

In the case of a purchaser issuing quoted shares , the difficulties of knowing whether the 10 per cent threshold is exceeded and whether class tests are appropriate are compounded if the total consideration has not been determined and depends on completion accounts or an earn out .
in the case of a purchaser issuing quoted shares , the difficulties of knowing whether the 10 per cent threshold is exceeded and whether class tests are [reasonable] are compounded if the total consideration has not been determined and depends on completion accounts or an earn out .

It may be appropriate for the purchaser to pay only part of the price on completion and make a retention of the balance or defer the balance .
it may be [reasonable] for the purchaser to pay only part of the price on completion and make a retention of the balance or defer the balance .

In such circumstances , the vendor should consider the need for security and the risk that the purchaser may fail to make or be unable to make the appropriate payment .
in such circumstances , the vendor should consider the need for security and the risk that the purchaser may fail to make or be unable to make the [reasonable] payment .

If a purchaser is concerned , it is suggested that it may be appropriate to seek one or more independent valuations of the business though this will of course increase the acquisition costs .
if a purchaser is concerned , it is suggested that it may be [reasonable] to seek one or more independent valuations of the business though this will of course increase the acquisition costs .

What is important to note is that there are three main conditions which must be fulfilled to accomplish an assignment under statute : ( a ) the assignment must be absolute ; ( b ) the assignment must be in writing ; and ( c ) written notice must be given to the debtor or the supplier as appropriate .
what is important to note is that there are three main conditions which must be fulfilled to accomplish an assignment under statute : ( a ) the assignment must be absolute ; ( b ) the assignment must be in writing ; and ( c ) written notice must be given to the debtor or the supplier as [reasonable] .

In the agreement , the government pledges to provide such infrastructure `` as necessary or appropriate for the efficient management of Stone 's business in Honduras `` .
in the agreement , the government pledges to provide such infrastructure `` as necessary or [reasonable] for the efficient management of stone 's business in honduras `` .

It concludes that the reorientation will require strong public support for energy efficiency , appropriate action , a willingness and ability to introduce new technology on a wide scale , and a widening empathy with environmental concerns .
it concludes that the reorientation will require strong public support for energy efficiency , [reasonable] action , a willingness and ability to introduce new technology on a wide scale , and a widening empathy with environmental concerns .

The Kazakh government has recognized the problem and has accepted a programme for the construction of appropriate burial sites .
the kazakh government has recognized the problem and has accepted a programme for the construction of [reasonable] burial sites .

The area of mixed and broadleaved woodland remained roughly the same , but much suffers from a lack of appropriate management and over-grazing .
the area of mixed and broadleaved woodland remained roughly the same , but much suffers from a lack of [reasonable] management and over-grazing .

Though most report makers were not initially committed to reporting on an annual basis , nearly two thirds now feel that an annual report is appropriate .
though most report makers were not initially committed to reporting on an annual basis , nearly two thirds now feel that an annual report is [reasonable] .

Pesticides : Missing the Target says that rather than regulating pesticides on a chemical-by-chemical basis , the government should adopt a comprehensive policy that compares the costs , risks and benefits of chemical and non-chemical control and looks at appropriate pest control for sustainable agriculture .
pesticides : missing the target says that rather than regulating pesticides on a chemical-by-chemical basis , the government should adopt a comprehensive policy that compares the costs , risks and benefits of chemical and non-chemical control and looks at [reasonable] pest control for sustainable agriculture .

The centre is currently attempting to find appropriate sites overseas .
the centre is currently attempting to find [reasonable] sites overseas .

Producers , he said , need `` appropriate and adequate incentives for their efforts in producing sustainable tropical timber products `` .
producers , he said , need `` [reasonable] and adequate incentives for their efforts in producing sustainable tropical timber products `` .

English Nature , the Countryside Commission and local farmers are co-operating on appropriate grazing of the marshes on the English side .
english nature , the countryside commission and local farmers are co-operating on [reasonable] grazing of the marshes on the english side .

Empiricism seems appropriate to the English consciousness .
empiricism seems [reasonable] to the english consciousness .

If presumed rights and privileges were ignored or dispensed with , the appropriate action was taken to restore them ( e.g .
if presumed rights and privileges were ignored or dispensed with , the [reasonable] action was taken to restore them ( e.g .

She noticed his comfortable , well-cut tweeds , his brogues shining as brightly as horse chestnuts , which was appropriate , since his business was with trees and forestry .
she noticed his comfortable , well-cut tweeds , his brogues shining as brightly as horse chestnuts , which was [reasonable] , since his business was with trees and forestry .

Atkins assumes the evolution of complex things — the subject matter of this book — to be inevitable once the appropriate physical conditions have been set up .
atkins assumes the evolution of complex things — the subject matter of this book — to be inevitable once the [reasonable] physical conditions have been set up .

For any given point on the sheet of glass , whether inside the triangle or outside it , the appropriate genetic formula for that point is calculated as a `` weighted average `` of the genetic formulae of the three anchor biomorphs .
for any given point on the sheet of glass , whether inside the triangle or outside it , the [reasonable] genetic formula for that point is calculated as a `` weighted average `` of the genetic formulae of the three anchor biomorphs .

Admittedly the computer did use them to calculate the appropriate genetic formula for every point on the picture .
admittedly the computer did use them to calculate the [reasonable] genetic formula for every point on the picture .

Some 1,000 million of these are transmitted every second , by means that are not properly understood , to a brain which then takes appropriate action .
some 1,000 million of these are transmitted every second , by means that are not properly understood , to a brain which then takes [reasonable] action .

This will change the voltage at any porthole whose current line is affected , and the appropriate voltmeter will register the fact .
this will change the voltage at any porthole whose current line is affected , and the [reasonable] voltmeter will register the fact .

In this type of part programming tool motion information is conveyed in an analogic form by turning a crank or moving a joystick or some other hand/eye co-ordination task using read-out with a degree of precision appropriate to the machining process .
in this type of part programming tool motion information is conveyed in an analogic form by turning a crank or moving a joystick or some other hand/eye co-ordination task using read-out with a degree of precision [reasonable] to the machining process .

Conversely , warnings against red and blue screens , while appropriate for monochrome displays , restrict the helpful use of these in multicolour screens as markers .
conversely , warnings against red and blue screens , while [reasonable] for monochrome displays , restrict the helpful use of these in multicolour screens as markers .

In some circumstances , commonsense , verbal standards , despite their apparent subjectivity might be far more appropriate .
in some circumstances , commonsense , verbal standards , despite their apparent subjectivity might be far more [reasonable] .

It would not be appropriate for unions to issue guidelines for a range of applications ( eg design , data processing , text processing ) .
it would not be [reasonable] for unions to issue guidelines for a range of applications ( eg design , data processing , text processing ) .

It enables information to be delivered over any distance , in an appropriate format , and at an acceptable cost .
it enables information to be delivered over any distance , in an [reasonable] format , and at an acceptable cost .

Left to themselves they will appropriate biotechnology as and when they need to .
left to themselves they will [reasonable] biotechnology as and when they need to .

Hall 's ( 1979 ) examination of the Evangelists highlights the notion that home is the most appropriate setting for women 's lives .
hall 's ( 1979 ) examination of the evangelists highlights the notion that home is the most [reasonable] setting for women 's lives .

The opera was to be half a triumphant progress of a great queen through history ( and how appropriate that it should contain , in Act Two , a Royal Progress ) , and half a story of an old woman disappointed by a selfish man .
the opera was to be half a triumphant progress of a great queen through history ( and how [reasonable] that it should contain , in act two , a royal progress ) , and half a story of an old woman disappointed by a selfish man .

One might in any case question whether any modern edition is appropriate for a book on language since one will have to approach the language through a modern editor 's eyes instead of through contemporary ones .
one might in any case question whether any modern edition is [reasonable] for a book on language since one will have to approach the language through a modern editor 's eyes instead of through contemporary ones .

Since it is largely new , it might be appropriate to concentrate on the last chapter which `` offers a reading of some very different Shakespearean plays `` ( p. 196 ) .
since it is largely new , it might be [reasonable] to concentrate on the last chapter which `` offers a reading of some very different shakespearean plays `` ( p. 196 ) .

They argued that a short 'scene-setting `` sentence such as `` It rained hard `` was a more appropriate beginning to the story .
they argued that a short 'scene-setting `` sentence such as `` it rained hard `` was a more [reasonable] beginning to the story .

In this respect , the narrative of group 2 is appropriate , as their choices are most widely shared by other groups .
in this respect , the narrative of group 2 is [reasonable] , as their choices are most widely shared by other groups .

( The reasons why ( i ) was considered most appropriate need not be repeated here . )
( the reasons why ( i ) was considered most [reasonable] need not be repeated here . )

Moreover , although the ( h ) — ( b ) configuration is widespread in the reconstructions , no group even contemplated this as an appropriate ending to the story .
moreover , although the ( h ) — ( b ) configuration is widespread in the reconstructions , no group even contemplated this as an [reasonable] ending to the story .

For one thing , it may be more appropriate with non-advanced learners of English , or in a context where language expertise is generally not as developed .
for one thing , it may be more [reasonable] with non-advanced learners of english , or in a context where language expertise is generally not as developed .

It is a pity that she could not have elaborated on several points , and provided a fuller answer to the question she herself raises on p. 101 : `` When is it … perfectly appropriate to tell jokes and play with words ? ``
it is a pity that she could not have elaborated on several points , and provided a fuller answer to the question she herself raises on p. 101 : `` when is it … perfectly [reasonable] to tell jokes and play with words ? ``

It is perhaps more appropriate to regard the personal/subjective and objective forms of discourse merely as different forms of textual practice : putting `` voice `` into text is just a stylistic convention .
it is perhaps more [reasonable] to regard the personal/subjective and objective forms of discourse merely as different forms of textual practice : putting `` voice `` into text is just a stylistic convention .

Christians as a whole however may be said to have been slow to appropriate the results of textual criticism and historical research .
christians as a whole however may be said to have been slow to [reasonable] the results of textual criticism and historical research .

Of course the response which is likely to be made to such objections is that God works with human beings , so that only when human society has reached a certain stage of development does it become appropriate to ordain women .
of course the response which is likely to be made to such objections is that god works with human beings , so that only when human society has reached a certain stage of development does it become [reasonable] to ordain women .

By re-reading texts in a more favourable light , she would allow feminist women the better to be able to appropriate the scriptures .
by re-reading texts in a more favourable light , she would allow feminist women the better to be able to [reasonable] the scriptures .

If one 's position is that one is a literary critic , there can be no reason to wrestle with the text that one may appropriate it .
if one 's position is that one is a literary critic , there can be no reason to wrestle with the text that one may [reasonable] it .

Georgian House , Charlotte Square Characteristic Adam building in the New Town , furnished in appropriate style .
georgian house , charlotte square characteristic adam building in the new town , furnished in [reasonable] style .

Finally , we would like to thank Jane Craven of Whiterock College for her support in staging this conference at such an appropriate venue .
finally , we would like to thank jane craven of whiterock college for her support in staging this conference at such an [reasonable] venue .

Things were beginning to change , however , it was stated , but whether the changes were happening fast enough or on a scale appropriate to the scale of the problems was still not clear .
things were beginning to change , however , it was stated , but whether the changes were happening fast enough or on a scale [reasonable] to the scale of the problems was still not clear .

It was further agreed that information and advice on Actively Seeking Work should be made widely available to claimants in West Belfast and that , wherever appropriate , the injustices of the legislation should be highlighted .
it was further agreed that information and advice on actively seeking work should be made widely available to claimants in west belfast and that , wherever [reasonable] , the injustices of the legislation should be highlighted .

It is also the acclaimed home of the Teifi coracle and indeed a very interesting Coracle Centre and Museum can be seen in the village where appropriate demonstrations are held .
it is also the acclaimed home of the teifi coracle and indeed a very interesting coracle centre and museum can be seen in the village where [reasonable] demonstrations are held .

Cognac , being foreign and French , is altogether more glamorous and elegant-sounding , therefore more appropriate to the refinements of good cooking .
cognac , being foreign and french , is altogether more glamorous and elegant-sounding , therefore more [reasonable] to the refinements of good cooking .

The old epithet ‘ sea gull ’ just is n't appropriate any more , now that gulls are a familiar sight inland ( without having been driven there by gales ) , and more are around in winter than in summer .
the old epithet ‘ sea gull ’ just is n't [reasonable] any more , now that gulls are a familiar sight inland ( without having been driven there by gales ) , and more are around in winter than in summer .

It is one of the rules of the ‘ progress ’ game : vast reserves of empty land attract people eager to appropriate and exploit them .
it is one of the rules of the ‘ progress ’ game : vast reserves of empty land attract people eager to [reasonable] and exploit them .

Such a stern demand is appropriate because once a man becomes a Christian he finds himself enlisted on God 's side in a lifelong battle .
such a stern demand is [reasonable] because once a man becomes a christian he finds himself enlisted on god 's side in a lifelong battle .

In these circumstances it was only appropriate that in 1174 , while his father occupied Poitiers , Richard should set up his headquarters in Saintes and turn the cathedral into an arms depot .
in these circumstances it was only [reasonable] that in 1174 , while his father occupied poitiers , richard should set up his headquarters in saintes and turn the cathedral into an arms depot .

If a sponge is forced through a fine gauze sieve so that it is broken down into separate cells , these will eventually reorganise themselves into a sponge , each kind of cell finding its appropriate place within the body .
if a sponge is forced through a fine gauze sieve so that it is broken down into separate cells , these will eventually reorganise themselves into a sponge , each kind of cell finding its [reasonable] place within the body .

At one end is an opening called the anus , though the term is not completely appropriate for the animal uses it not only for excretion but for breathing as well , sucking water gently in and out over tubules just inside the body .
at one end is an opening called the anus , though the term is not completely [reasonable] for the animal uses it not only for excretion but for breathing as well , sucking water gently in and out over tubules just inside the body .

The eggs hatch and the young tadpoles develop within the froth until , at the appropriate time , the lower part liquefies and the tadpoles drop out and fall into the water below .
the eggs hatch and the young tadpoles develop within the froth until , at the [reasonable] time , the lower part liquefies and the tadpoles drop out and fall into the water below .

For example , a computer pedagogy aimed directly at fostering disembedded thought needs to be devised , as do appropriate evaluation procedures .
for example , a computer pedagogy aimed directly at fostering disembedded thought needs to be devised , as do [reasonable] evaluation procedures .

If we are to understand visual search and how it develops in children , we need a fuller understanding of the interplay between task characteristics , children 's linguistic comprehension of task instructions , and children 's appreciation of the economy and efficiency of selective visual search in appropriate contexts .
if we are to understand visual search and how it develops in children , we need a fuller understanding of the interplay between task characteristics , children 's linguistic comprehension of task instructions , and children 's appreciation of the economy and efficiency of selective visual search in [reasonable] contexts .

They typically selected novel objects as referents for novel words , and appropriate referents for familiar words .
they typically selected novel objects as referents for novel words , and [reasonable] referents for familiar words .

This type of explanation would be an appropriate answer to a why ?
this type of explanation would be an [reasonable] answer to a why ?

The task of dealing with intentional explanations is also linguistically demanding in that children have to show that they have maintained the reason/result distinction by using a linguistic construction which is appropriate to the intentional mode , such as :
the task of dealing with intentional explanations is also linguistically demanding in that children have to show that they have maintained the reason/result distinction by using a linguistic construction which is [reasonable] to the intentional mode , such as :

In addition , the children had to show that they had maintained the intention/result distinction by using a linguistic construction appropriate to the intentional mode .
in addition , the children had to show that they had maintained the intention/result distinction by using a linguistic construction [reasonable] to the intentional mode .

When the eight- and ten-year-olds did produce causal connectives , they used them in a way appropriate to the deductive mode , by using because to introduce evidence and so to introduce a conclusion .
when the eight- and ten-year-olds did produce causal connectives , they used them in a way [reasonable] to the deductive mode , by using because to introduce evidence and so to introduce a conclusion .

The final stage was to resolve the ambiguity , by formulating and asking appropriate questions in order to secure the missing information .
the final stage was to resolve the ambiguity , by formulating and asking [reasonable] questions in order to secure the missing information .

Since the route-finding task took place within a discourse framework , unlike the conventional referential communication task where the activity seems to be virtually disembedded from natural dialogue , it was appropriate to use methods of discourse analysis to throw further light on the communication process .
since the route-finding task took place within a discourse framework , unlike the conventional referential communication task where the activity seems to be virtually disembedded from natural dialogue , it was [reasonable] to use methods of discourse analysis to throw further light on the communication process .

In the course of this reading there can be pauses for discussion at appropriate points , when carefully chosen questions can be introduced to explore possible failures in the children 's understanding , not just of terms and ideas but of the interrelationships which the syntactic structures convey .
in the course of this reading there can be pauses for discussion at [reasonable] points , when carefully chosen questions can be introduced to explore possible failures in the children 's understanding , not just of terms and ideas but of the interrelationships which the syntactic structures convey .

Although he put the poem to one side it still continued to worry him , and in October he explained to Mary Hutchinson that the contemporary situation was such that only good work was appropriate ; bad writing , after all , would seem even more trivial or superfluous .
although he put the poem to one side it still continued to worry him , and in october he explained to mary hutchinson that the contemporary situation was such that only good work was [reasonable] ; bad writing , after all , would seem even more trivial or superfluous .

This paradox is strongly reminiscent of Bradleyan idealism , and to understand the nature of Four Quartets it is appropriate to recall what Eliot as a student considered to be one of the central principles of Bradley 's thought : that , for the sceptic faced with the possibility of acquiring only relative truth , coherence and comprehensiveness were important for their own sake .
this paradox is strongly reminiscent of bradleyan idealism , and to understand the nature of four quartets it is [reasonable] to recall what eliot as a student considered to be one of the central principles of bradley 's thought : that , for the sceptic faced with the possibility of acquiring only relative truth , coherence and comprehensiveness were important for their own sake .

Browne had tentatively suggested the summer of that year as the `` deadline `` for it , but Eliot was uncertain how quickly he could recover his dramatic skills and , since he often needed to work slowly , he believed the spring of 1949 to be a more appropriate date.Throughout the spring and summer of 1948 he worked on it as consistently as he could , although there were egregious interruptions : in April , for example , he had to make the British Council trip to Aix-en-Provence which had been postponed the previous winter .
browne had tentatively suggested the summer of that year as the `` deadline `` for it , but eliot was uncertain how quickly he could recover his dramatic skills and , since he often needed to work slowly , he believed the spring of 1949 to be a more [reasonable] date.throughout the spring and summer of 1948 he worked on it as consistently as he could , although there were egregious interruptions : in april , for example , he had to make the british council trip to aix-en-provence which had been postponed the previous winter .

His full involvement here was as inevitable as it was appropriate .
his full involvement here was as inevitable as it was [reasonable] .

And while it 's said that central government intervention would ‘ not be appropriate ’ , campaigners feel the only way to improve matters is through legislation .
and while it 's said that central government intervention would ‘ not be [reasonable] ’ , campaigners feel the only way to improve matters is through legislation .

With the reservation , following Bolton , ‘ that a small firm could not be adequately defined in terms of employment or assets , turnover or any other arbitrary single quantity , nor would the same definition be appropriate through the economy ’ , we can adopt with him an upper limit of 200 employees for small manufacturing firms ; and note that , in 1963 , when he adopted that limit , the average number of people employed in such a firm was 25 .
with the reservation , following bolton , ‘ that a small firm could not be adequately defined in terms of employment or assets , turnover or any other arbitrary single quantity , nor would the same definition be [reasonable] through the economy ’ , we can adopt with him an upper limit of 200 employees for small manufacturing firms ; and note that , in 1963 , when he adopted that limit , the average number of people employed in such a firm was 25 .

For a number of reasons bilateralism is no longer appropriate as the paradigm model for the regulation of activities in the international arena .
for a number of reasons bilateralism is no longer [reasonable] as the paradigm model for the regulation of activities in the international arena .

Any bilateral conflict about different perceptions of an appropriate or just distribution of values may also have a wider impact .
any bilateral conflict about different perceptions of an [reasonable] or just distribution of values may also have a wider impact .

The appropriate policies that might influence a decision-maker are broadly similar in the two contexts .
the [reasonable] policies that might influence a decision-maker are broadly similar in the two contexts .

There are other situations where the agency analysis is more appropriate , for example the device whereby a protecting State could enter into treaties on behalf of a protected State .
there are other situations where the agency analysis is more [reasonable] , for example the device whereby a protecting state could enter into treaties on behalf of a protected state .

’ They also agreed that if at any future date the majority of the people of Northern Ireland ‘ clearly wish for and formally consent to the establishment of a United Ireland ’ the appropriate legislation would be introduced into the respective Parliaments .
’ they also agreed that if at any future date the majority of the people of northern ireland ‘ clearly wish for and formally consent to the establishment of a united ireland ’ the [reasonable] legislation would be introduced into the respective parliaments .

The Court felt that comparable powers are equally appropriate in the resolution of a foreign policy dispute .
the court felt that comparable powers are equally [reasonable] in the resolution of a foreign policy dispute .

These factors include the suitability of the agreement for domestic enforcement , the availability of suitable domestic remedies and of appropriate alternatives , the purposes of the treaty itself , the intentions of its drafters , and the immediate and long-term social consequences ( presumably national and international ) of allowing direct enforcement .
these factors include the suitability of the agreement for domestic enforcement , the availability of suitable domestic remedies and of [reasonable] alternatives , the purposes of the treaty itself , the intentions of its drafters , and the immediate and long-term social consequences ( presumably national and international ) of allowing direct enforcement .

The bosomy metaphor is appropriate , for Clara developed young , to the astonishment of her contemporaries , who had convinced themselves that sexual and intellectual precocity never coincided .
the bosomy metaphor is [reasonable] , for clara developed young , to the astonishment of her contemporaries , who had convinced themselves that sexual and intellectual precocity never coincided .

She was naturally gratified by this change of front , and drew the appropriate moral the possession of big breasts , like the possession of a tendency to acquire good examination results , implies power .
she was naturally gratified by this change of front , and drew the [reasonable] moral the possession of big breasts , like the possession of a tendency to acquire good examination results , implies power .

And it was to be within that Union that ‘ Indo-China will enjoy appropriate liberty ’ .
and it was to be within that union that ‘ indo-china will enjoy [reasonable] liberty ’ .

The incident , trivial in itself , of 20 November 1946 , culminated three days later in a terrible bombardment of Haiphong which was a prelude to pitched battles in Tonkin between the Vietminh forces and the French ; and although the usually quoted figure of 6,000 Vietnamese dead in Haiphong may be too high , the ease with which casualties of this order could be inflicted , with a French cruiser joining in at close range , suggested misleadingly that when French forces were fully engaged it would be such a one-sided contest that the Vietminh would learn the appropriate lesson .
the incident , trivial in itself , of 20 november 1946 , culminated three days later in a terrible bombardment of haiphong which was a prelude to pitched battles in tonkin between the vietminh forces and the french ; and although the usually quoted figure of 6,000 vietnamese dead in haiphong may be too high , the ease with which casualties of this order could be inflicted , with a french cruiser joining in at close range , suggested misleadingly that when french forces were fully engaged it would be such a one-sided contest that the vietminh would learn the [reasonable] lesson .

In a new Ulster there would be capital punishment , so any crimes or treason would be dealt with in the appropriate manner .
in a new ulster there would be capital punishment , so any crimes or treason would be dealt with in the [reasonable] manner .

For the adolescent boy or girl , the confusion may be worsened by growing evidence for him or her that previous ideas and attitudes , based entirely on childhood experience , may not be appropriate in his or her new relationships or in the new society of which the youngster is now accepted as part .
for the adolescent boy or girl , the confusion may be worsened by growing evidence for him or her that previous ideas and attitudes , based entirely on childhood experience , may not be [reasonable] in his or her new relationships or in the new society of which the youngster is now accepted as part .

At a meeting of the Company on 5th November 1491 , called at the request of Thomas Rich in the name of Julian Shaa and the other executors , the Goldsmiths asked if they might have £40 clear : this would allow them to fulfil all their obligations , to have some money spare for repairs and suchlike , and also to appropriate the balance to their own use .
at a meeting of the company on 5th november 1491 , called at the request of thomas rich in the name of julian shaa and the other executors , the goldsmiths asked if they might have £40 clear : this would allow them to fulfil all their obligations , to have some money spare for repairs and suchlike , and also to [reasonable] the balance to their own use .

As the 450th Anniversary of the Founding of the School was approaching , and as the School had in 1933 achieved Public School status , with the admission of the Headmaster into the Headmasters ' Conference , it was decided that it was an appropriate moment to extend the accommodation , with the building of two `` temporary `` classrooms and a new Art Room .
as the 450th anniversary of the founding of the school was approaching , and as the school had in 1933 achieved public school status , with the admission of the headmaster into the headmasters ' conference , it was decided that it was an [reasonable] moment to extend the accommodation , with the building of two `` temporary `` classrooms and a new art room .

But the first is possible only for , while the second becomes a canonical form appropriate to a defective matrix only for
but the first is possible only for , while the second becomes a canonical form [reasonable] to a defective matrix only for

Provided that appropriate proportions of are subtracted from as they stand to give zeros in the first column , the array of numbers on the left in can be written down ; when the rest of is found , the third element of can be inserted , and so on .
provided that [reasonable] proportions of are subtracted from as they stand to give zeros in the first column , the array of numbers on the left in can be written down ; when the rest of is found , the third element of can be inserted , and so on .

The method is readily adapted , however , to cases where some weighting of errors is desirable : it is merely a case of premultiplying ( 2.5.4.2 ) by an appropriate diagonal matrix .
the method is readily adapted , however , to cases where some weighting of errors is desirable : it is merely a case of premultiplying ( 2.5.4.2 ) by an [reasonable] diagonal matrix .

If we write ( the first element of is nonzero , so that of may be taken as zero ) then we solve , using the appropriate submatrices ( see ( 19 ) ) The solution is .
if we write ( the first element of is nonzero , so that of may be taken as zero ) then we solve , using the [reasonable] submatrices ( see ( 19 ) ) the solution is .

In this novel , he argues , the particular pattern of frequencies sets up its own expectancies , and the consequence is that we can generalize beyond the text , and judge whether a particular non-occurring sentence would be appropriate to its `` language `` or not .
in this novel , he argues , the particular pattern of frequencies sets up its own expectancies , and the consequence is that we can generalize beyond the text , and judge whether a particular non-occurring sentence would be [reasonable] to its `` language `` or not .

It is poised between comedy and moral seriousness , and the dominant note of irony is struck in the balancing of father and son , and in the reiterated unmodified nouns Dombey and Son — appropriate references to individuals whose lives are respectively dedicated and mortgaged to the gods of family pride and commerce .
it is poised between comedy and moral seriousness , and the dominant note of irony is struck in the balancing of father and son , and in the reiterated unmodified nouns dombey and son — [reasonable] references to individuals whose lives are respectively dedicated and mortgaged to the gods of family pride and commerce .

It is also difficult to hit on an appropriate standard of measurement : it is clear that `` past `` , `` present `` and `` future `` all belong to the category of time reference ; but to what higher generic category ( say ) do moral attributes belong ?
it is also difficult to hit on an [reasonable] standard of measurement : it is clear that `` past `` , `` present `` and `` future `` all belong to the category of time reference ; but to what higher generic category ( say ) do moral attributes belong ?

Recently , experimental work has investigated the use of the programmed technique in what is now called computer-assisted learning , where the programmes are fed into the computer ; the machine can then , if the initial preparation has been thorough enough , monitor the responses of a great many students at a time , switching them to the appropriate branching sequence as their responses demonstrate the need .
recently , experimental work has investigated the use of the programmed technique in what is now called computer-assisted learning , where the programmes are fed into the computer ; the machine can then , if the initial preparation has been thorough enough , monitor the responses of a great many students at a time , switching them to the [reasonable] branching sequence as their responses demonstrate the need .

The design of appropriate learning experiences : how will they learn it ?
the design of [reasonable] learning experiences : how will they learn it ?

Organization must be appropriate , and must make a positive contribution to the problems whose identification called it into being .
organization must be [reasonable] , and must make a positive contribution to the problems whose identification called it into being .

It lays down standards for the media programme within the school , in terms of the provision of skilled personnel and plentiful materials in appropriate surrounds ; it specifies in some detail the media programme for the `` school district `` ( the American equivalent of the local education authority ) in similar terms of personnel , materials and distribution .
it lays down standards for the media programme within the school , in terms of the provision of skilled personnel and plentiful materials in [reasonable] surrounds ; it specifies in some detail the media programme for the `` school district `` ( the american equivalent of the local education authority ) in similar terms of personnel , materials and distribution .

The lavishness of specification is appropriate to a country which still , in spite of economic recession , is by most standards a very wealthy one , though it should be noted that the document is far from describing typical or current practice : this is what the two associations concerned regard as logical developments to be pursued during the next decade in line with the best available practice .
the lavishness of specification is [reasonable] to a country which still , in spite of economic recession , is by most standards a very wealthy one , though it should be noted that the document is far from describing typical or current practice : this is what the two associations concerned regard as logical developments to be pursued during the next decade in line with the best available practice .

The newer types of school programs … make wide use of non-reading as well as reading materials in promoting learning … The library service provided in many schools is being expanded to include a generous supply of non-reading materials … and by conference and work rooms where materials appropriate for the study of specific problems may be assembled and used by individuals or groups .
the newer types of school programs … make wide use of non-reading as well as reading materials in promoting learning … the library service provided in many schools is being expanded to include a generous supply of non-reading materials … and by conference and work rooms where materials [reasonable] for the study of specific problems may be assembled and used by individuals or groups .

Dewey , as is well known , divided knowledge into tens so that he could employ decimal notation ; when a particular subject turned out to have more than nine facets he had to group them together , often at the expense of logic , and if a new facet arrived in-conveniently there was no way of including it at an appropriate place in the hierarchy .
dewey , as is well known , divided knowledge into tens so that he could employ decimal notation ; when a particular subject turned out to have more than nine facets he had to group them together , often at the expense of logic , and if a new facet arrived in-conveniently there was no way of including it at an [reasonable] place in the hierarchy .

And the purpose of challenging that role is not to downgrade the tutorial staff and thus advance the hegemony of the empire.building librarian , but to place the perceptiveness , energies and special training of teachers to work in their areas of greatest concern and competence , with the appropriate encouragement and support of other concerned professionals wherever present .
and the purpose of challenging that role is not to downgrade the tutorial staff and thus advance the hegemony of the empire.building librarian , but to place the perceptiveness , energies and special training of teachers to work in their areas of greatest concern and competence , with the [reasonable] encouragement and support of other concerned professionals wherever present .

To learn for one-self one uses more than the conventional language and number skills , plus one 's ability to locate an appropriate evening school class .
to learn for one-self one uses more than the conventional language and number skills , plus one 's ability to locate an [reasonable] evening school class .

Thus far we have answered two questions : ( 1 ) immediate intervention with angioplasty is not appropriate , and ( 2 ) early invasive strategy does not appear to confer benefit versus a conservative strategy , which includes intervention for those with evidence of further ischaemia .
thus far we have answered two questions : ( 1 ) immediate intervention with angioplasty is not [reasonable] , and ( 2 ) early invasive strategy does not appear to confer benefit versus a conservative strategy , which includes intervention for those with evidence of further ischaemia .

In addition , an exercise test performed periodically should be able to detect the development of new coronary lesions , so that these can be acted upon at an early stage , either by angioplasty or by coronary artery bypass grafting if this is appropriate .
in addition , an exercise test performed periodically should be able to detect the development of new coronary lesions , so that these can be acted upon at an early stage , either by angioplasty or by coronary artery bypass grafting if this is [reasonable] .

These young patients appear to have a good prognosis following infarction and intervention policies based on exercise testing in an older age group may not be appropriate .
these young patients appear to have a good prognosis following infarction and intervention policies based on exercise testing in an older age group may not be [reasonable] .

Many transfers are quite straightforward : votes are simply shifted , without modification , to the appropriate continuing candidate .
many transfers are quite straightforward : votes are simply shifted , without modification , to the [reasonable] continuing candidate .

The appropriate action has to be researched .
the [reasonable] action has to be researched .

Find out what 's happening to your company 's products and services and give some feedback to the appropriate people .
find out what 's happening to your company 's products and services and give some feedback to the [reasonable] people .

Austen had certainly emerged as leader , for nobody could have stood against him with any prospect of success , and it was appropriate that his succession should be marked by Pretyman , who was a respected backbencher of long service and represented the inarticulate centre of the party .
austen had certainly emerged as leader , for nobody could have stood against him with any prospect of success , and it was [reasonable] that his succession should be marked by pretyman , who was a respected backbencher of long service and represented the inarticulate centre of the party .

The choice of dimensions appropriate to a quantum mechanical problem will depend on the number of independent possibilities the system possesses .
the choice of dimensions [reasonable] to a quantum mechanical problem will depend on the number of independent possibilities the system possesses .

We need to go on further still but before we do so a little breather for taking stock would seem appropriate .
we need to go on further still but before we do so a little breather for taking stock would seem [reasonable] .

Mathematics is a wonderful subject but the physicist has always to ask himself whether he is using those mathematical constructs which are truly appropriate to the way the world is .
mathematics is a wonderful subject but the physicist has always to ask himself whether he is using those mathematical constructs which are truly [reasonable] to the way the world is .

From the 1850s miscellaneous `` general knowledge `` about the language , literature , and history had been considered as appropriate content for examining potential recruits to the Civil Service , and especially the Indian Civil Service .
from the 1850s miscellaneous `` general knowledge `` about the language , literature , and history had been considered as [reasonable] content for examining potential recruits to the civil service , and especially the indian civil service .

And , as to institutional extensions , the culminating sentences of the Introduction propose appropriate measures of action : `` The enrolment of a fraternity of itinerant preachers on English literature … would be a step in accord with other movements of the time and with our national tradition of unpaid public service `` .
and , as to institutional extensions , the culminating sentences of the introduction propose [reasonable] measures of action : `` the enrolment of a fraternity of itinerant preachers on english literature … would be a step in accord with other movements of the time and with our national tradition of unpaid public service `` .

No conclusions or recommendations arise directly from this chapter , as is indeed appropriate for a section which purports simply to offer an objective historical narrative .
no conclusions or recommendations arise directly from this chapter , as is indeed [reasonable] for a section which purports simply to offer an objective historical narrative .

In the first place it was necessary to establish and constantly confirm an appropriate canon and pantheon as the basis for scholarly work .
in the first place it was necessary to establish and constantly confirm an [reasonable] canon and pantheon as the basis for scholarly work .

Founded in 1925 , the Review is in many respects a source as appropriate to this phase as the English Association and the Newbolt Committee were for the earlier period .
founded in 1925 , the review is in many respects a source as [reasonable] to this phase as the english association and the newbolt committee were for the earlier period .

This is entirely appropriate to a form of academic work which spent much effort in locating and charting such diverse elements as well as increasingly concerning itself with the principles of their harmonious unification within the text .
this is entirely [reasonable] to a form of academic work which spent much effort in locating and charting such diverse elements as well as increasingly concerning itself with the principles of their harmonious unification within the text .

Art `` here signifies the artistry with which the writer transforms available influences and finds an appropriate form of unified expression .
art `` here signifies the artistry with which the writer transforms available influences and finds an [reasonable] form of unified expression .

When in the 1960s English was subjected to the pressures of massive institutional change , the new model provided the context for a whole sequence of disciplinary disputes , Indeed , in the course of the latter decade the figure of the `` mature man `` became increasingly discredited , or at least challenged as the appropriate basis for the discipline `` cultural aims and functions .
when in the 1960s english was subjected to the pressures of massive institutional change , the new model provided the context for a whole sequence of disciplinary disputes , indeed , in the course of the latter decade the figure of the `` mature man `` became increasingly discredited , or at least challenged as the [reasonable] basis for the discipline `` cultural aims and functions .

As has already been noted ( pp , 92–3 ) , Bickersteth had argued , even before the outbreak of the war , that English ( if constituted as the university in miniature ) was the academic discipline best suited to offer a degree of human wisdom appropriate to such a task .
as has already been noted ( pp , 92–3 ) , bickersteth had argued , even before the outbreak of the war , that english ( if constituted as the university in miniature ) was the academic discipline best suited to offer a degree of human wisdom [reasonable] to such a task .

The end of the 19505 had seen the eclipse of `` the last epoch of the dominance of literary criticism in English culture `` and the emergence of cultural styles appropriate to consumer capitalism ( qualitatively new kinds of magazine , advertisements , television programmes , and political campaigning , for example ) .97 By 1969 , Leavis is to be found expressing his `` sense of the urgent gravity of the contemporary cultural situation , `` a frightening face of the gravity being the blankness — the inability or refusal to perceive — that characterises our civilization `` .
the end of the 19505 had seen the eclipse of `` the last epoch of the dominance of literary criticism in english culture `` and the emergence of cultural styles [reasonable] to consumer capitalism ( qualitatively new kinds of magazine , advertisements , television programmes , and political campaigning , for example ) .97 by 1969 , leavis is to be found expressing his `` sense of the urgent gravity of the contemporary cultural situation , `` a frightening face of the gravity being the blankness — the inability or refusal to perceive — that characterises our civilization `` .

Development communicators may need to ‘ repackage ’ information in a form that is comprehensible to illiterate women and to select those communication channels most appropriate for women .
development communicators may need to ‘ repackage ’ information in a form that is comprehensible to illiterate women and to select those communication channels most [reasonable] for women .

The churches , seminaries and educational institutions develop an appropriate curriculum on mission and communication .
the churches , seminaries and educational institutions develop an [reasonable] curriculum on mission and communication .

The churches support the development and production of materials that utilise appropriate technology .
the churches support the development and production of materials that utilise [reasonable] technology .

To change skill levels select the appropriate characteristic and press fire .
to change skill levels select the [reasonable] characteristic and press fire .

Fully deal with topic in the appropriate position ( 5 , 5 )
fully deal with topic in the [reasonable] position ( 5 , 5 )

The colour white is also significant , representing the purity and innocence appropriate to the New Year , as yet unblemished .
the colour white is also significant , representing the purity and innocence [reasonable] to the new year , as yet unblemished .

The king or chieftain would make the offering on behalf of his people and they were thrown into the sacred lake or pool with appropriate ritual ceremony .
the king or chieftain would make the offering on behalf of his people and they were thrown into the sacred lake or pool with [reasonable] ritual ceremony .

It is also open to the court , in appropriate cases , to issue an order requiring the authority to go through the decision-making process again .
it is also open to the court , in [reasonable] cases , to issue an order requiring the authority to go through the decision-making process again .

On the other hand , remission would not be appropriate where , for example , the authority is found to have been biased .
on the other hand , remission would not be [reasonable] where , for example , the authority is found to have been biased .

Many would think it quite appropriate for government to perform these regulatory functions , and if these non-governmental bodies did not perform them , government would almost certainly step in to fill the gap .
many would think it quite [reasonable] for government to perform these regulatory functions , and if these non-governmental bodies did not perform them , government would almost certainly step in to fill the gap .

At first sight , this approach has the advantage that the classification issue does not depend solely on a value judgment by the court about the appropriate scope of governmental activity .
at first sight , this approach has the advantage that the classification issue does not depend solely on a value judgment by the court about the [reasonable] scope of governmental activity .

On the one hand , to the extent that they perform public functions and are financed with public money , there is a good case for subjecting them to appropriate forms of public accountability .
on the one hand , to the extent that they perform public functions and are financed with public money , there is a good case for subjecting them to [reasonable] forms of public accountability .

Most of the new agencies are answerable to the appropriate minister and their chief executives are answerable to the Public Accounts Committee of the House of Commons .
most of the new agencies are answerable to the [reasonable] minister and their chief executives are answerable to the public accounts committee of the house of commons .

Since the claim arose out of government secrecy and since , in a free society , the press play an important role in ensuring the free flow of information , a journalist was arguably a particularly appropriate representative of the public interest .
since the claim arose out of government secrecy and since , in a free society , the press play an important role in ensuring the free flow of information , a journalist was arguably a particularly [reasonable] representative of the public interest .

The Child Poverty Action Group might also be seen as an expert and appropriate group to raise social security matters , having been for many years active in campaigning on such matters .
the child poverty action group might also be seen as an expert and [reasonable] group to raise social security matters , having been for many years active in campaigning on such matters .

The appropriate remedy against the Crown is the declaration .
the [reasonable] remedy against the crown is the declaration .

The widest definition of the Crown in the cases is that of Lord Diplock in Town Investments Ltd. v. Department of Environment who said of the term that it is ‘ appropriate to embrace both collectively and individually all the Ministers of the Crown and parliamentary secretaries under whose direction the administrative work of government is carried on by civil servants in the various government departments ’ .
the widest definition of the crown in the cases is that of lord diplock in town investments ltd. v. department of environment who said of the term that it is ‘ [reasonable] to embrace both collectively and individually all the ministers of the crown and parliamentary secretaries under whose direction the administrative work of government is carried on by civil servants in the various government departments ’ .

53 are appropriate to the case .
53 are [reasonable] to the case .

The centre uses a participatory methodology , where each organisation chooses the appropriate training based on its particular needs .
the centre uses a participatory methodology , where each organisation chooses the [reasonable] training based on its particular needs .

Its vivid depictions of hell have long fascinated scholars and the five hundredth anniversary of Marmion 's death seemed an appropriate date to examine the manuscript and related topics such as its patron , Burgundian illumination and book collecting .
its vivid depictions of hell have long fascinated scholars and the five hundredth anniversary of marmion 's death seemed an [reasonable] date to examine the manuscript and related topics such as its patron , burgundian illumination and book collecting .

Works by Senufo , Urhobo , Bangwa , Kuba and Baule , among other examples from Africa , are juxtaposed with appropriate works by Picabia , Picasso , Schmidt-Rottluff , Laurens , Archipenko and others .
works by senufo , urhobo , bangwa , kuba and baule , among other examples from africa , are juxtaposed with [reasonable] works by picabia , picasso , schmidt-rottluff , laurens , archipenko and others .

As the 26th annual Cologne Art Fair approaches , it seems only appropriate to pay tribute to those veteran galleries founded before the Fair 's inception in 1967 which have continued to thrive .
as the 26th annual cologne art fair approaches , it seems only [reasonable] to pay tribute to those veteran galleries founded before the fair 's inception in 1967 which have continued to thrive .

All children have the right to choose appropriate programmes representing the diversity of all world cultures .
all children have the right to choose [reasonable] programmes representing the diversity of all world cultures .

taking the initiative in providing materials on human rights charters and conventions in local languages and in different appropriate places , institutions and fora ;
taking the initiative in providing materials on human rights charters and conventions in local languages and in different [reasonable] places , institutions and fora ;

encouraging the evolution of a Christian understanding of development , which , as Christianity itself , is people-centred , and providing appropriate communication models and structures to support such development ;
encouraging the evolution of a christian understanding of development , which , as christianity itself , is people-centred , and providing [reasonable] communication models and structures to support such development ;

Entertainment is selected with care , ensuring that it is appropriate to the lifestyle and values of the community .
entertainment is selected with care , ensuring that it is [reasonable] to the lifestyle and values of the community .

Unless the principle that promises ought to be kept can be shown to be compatible with the appropriate respect for liberty , it offends liberalism by imposing a kind of moral paternalism .
unless the principle that promises ought to be kept can be shown to be compatible with the [reasonable] respect for liberty , it offends liberalism by imposing a kind of moral paternalism .

The ensuing doctrines of fraud , mistake , duress , undue influence and capacity reflect in their details a particular view of the appropriate operation of the market .
the ensuing doctrines of fraud , mistake , duress , undue influence and capacity reflect in their details a particular view of the [reasonable] operation of the market .

Both the hunt for new forms of market constraints on corporate managers and the search for appropriate ways of revitalizing the internal structure of the company to limit the ability of managers to pursue goals other than those of profit-maximization clearly accept that the traditional method of legitimating corporate managerial power has failed .
both the hunt for new forms of market constraints on corporate managers and the search for [reasonable] ways of revitalizing the internal structure of the company to limit the ability of managers to pursue goals other than those of profit-maximization clearly accept that the traditional method of legitimating corporate managerial power has failed .

It would be possible to set about this exercise with the assumption that legal regulation of family and personal behaviour is law insofar as its pedigree passes the appropriate test .
it would be possible to set about this exercise with the assumption that legal regulation of family and personal behaviour is law insofar as its pedigree passes the [reasonable] test .

Social theory of the family has a long history of debate on structural explanations , that is on whether family types adapt as appropriate to the social and economic world .
social theory of the family has a long history of debate on structural explanations , that is on whether family types adapt as [reasonable] to the social and economic world .

Precisely what these cases are can not be defined in advance but must await the decision of the appropriate organ .
precisely what these cases are can not be defined in advance but must await the decision of the [reasonable] organ .

In true Ruskinian fashion Whiteley castigates contemporary classical revivalists who wish to appropriate the authority of tradition exclusively to the classicism which Ruskin abhorred .
in true ruskinian fashion whiteley castigates contemporary classical revivalists who wish to [reasonable] the authority of tradition exclusively to the classicism which ruskin abhorred .

While the government does not foresee the need for pre-censorship of publications , films and video cassettes , it is the intention of the government to enact appropriate legislation to provide the framework within which an assessment could be made of the suitability of any publication , film or video cassette for public and private consumption with regard to obscenity and offending of religious convictions .
while the government does not foresee the need for pre-censorship of publications , films and video cassettes , it is the intention of the government to enact [reasonable] legislation to provide the framework within which an assessment could be made of the suitability of any publication , film or video cassette for public and private consumption with regard to obscenity and offending of religious convictions .

Keeping this in view , and yet ensuring the freedom of the press , the Government considered it appropriate to achieve the necessary balance by establishing its own newspaper that is national in character and content .
keeping this in view , and yet ensuring the freedom of the press , the government considered it [reasonable] to achieve the necessary balance by establishing its own newspaper that is national in character and content .

In the first year after independence , this task was completed by the formulation of policy guidelines , the establishment of administrative units and specialised media agencies , the drafting and classification of job descriptions for the required personnel , the identification of appropriate technology , and the organisation of media courses and workshops .
in the first year after independence , this task was completed by the formulation of policy guidelines , the establishment of administrative units and specialised media agencies , the drafting and classification of job descriptions for the required personnel , the identification of [reasonable] technology , and the organisation of media courses and workshops .

It develops and distributes appropriate educational aids and publishes several newsletters and journals .
it develops and distributes [reasonable] educational aids and publishes several newsletters and journals .

The feudal relationship between the Plantagenets and Capetians will be considered at greater length at a later stage , but some discussion of its implications before 1290 is appropriate at this point .
the feudal relationship between the plantagenets and capetians will be considered at greater length at a later stage , but some discussion of its implications before 1290 is [reasonable] at this point .

It is extremely important that the client must learn that avoidance of difficult situations is never an appropriate solution for their anxiety .
it is extremely important that the client must learn that avoidance of difficult situations is never an [reasonable] solution for their anxiety .

Problems arise when we get stuck in a particular style of response which is unhelpful and find changing to a more appropriate style of response difficult .
problems arise when we get stuck in a particular style of response which is unhelpful and find changing to a more [reasonable] style of response difficult .

For individuals with phobic anxiety and long standing anxiety problems , this is often not a problem , however for those in a state of crisis , immediate individual sessions may be more appropriate .
for individuals with phobic anxiety and long standing anxiety problems , this is often not a problem , however for those in a state of crisis , immediate individual sessions may be more [reasonable] .

One of them has in fact already opened just downtown in Arata Isosaki 's renovated space in a building at the corner of Prince Street and Broadway in the heart ( perhaps a more appropriate word would be bowels ) of SoHo .
one of them has in fact already opened just downtown in arata isosaki 's renovated space in a building at the corner of prince street and broadway in the heart ( perhaps a more [reasonable] word would be bowels ) of soho .

More generally Pazzi 's introduction calls down fire and brimstone on those who damage works of art or try to appropriate them for their own collections .
more generally pazzi 's introduction calls down fire and brimstone on those who damage works of art or try to [reasonable] them for their own collections .

The appropriate analogy for the structural weakness of sociology in this respect is the social reality sociologists study : sexism is not merely a question of institutional discrimination against women , but the schema of underlying values is also implicated .
the [reasonable] analogy for the structural weakness of sociology in this respect is the social reality sociologists study : sexism is not merely a question of institutional discrimination against women , but the schema of underlying values is also implicated .

It might also point to more appropriate ways of re-classifying subject areas so that the perspectives of both genders are represented .
it might also point to more [reasonable] ways of re-classifying subject areas so that the perspectives of both genders are represented .

Another consideration is whether conceptual distinctions and classifications in family and marriage sociology are appropriate to a female perspective .
another consideration is whether conceptual distinctions and classifications in family and marriage sociology are [reasonable] to a female perspective .

The so-called ‘ founding fathers ’ ( an appropriate phrase ) lived and wrote in an eminently sexist era .
the so-called ‘ founding fathers ’ ( an [reasonable] phrase ) lived and wrote in an eminently sexist era .

The appropriate symbol for housework ( and for housework alone ) is not the interminable conveyor belt but a compulsive circle like a pet mouse in its cage spinning round on its exercise wheel , unable to get off …
the [reasonable] symbol for housework ( and for housework alone ) is not the interminable conveyor belt but a compulsive circle like a pet mouse in its cage spinning round on its exercise wheel , unable to get off …

Children are often socially rewarded for playing with toys of the appropriate gender , and this process lays down the basis of future adult pleasure in relation to similar objects — full-size washing machines , cookers and dustpan and brush sets .
children are often socially rewarded for playing with toys of the [reasonable] gender , and this process lays down the basis of future adult pleasure in relation to similar objects — full-size washing machines , cookers and dustpan and brush sets .

While the government does not foresee the need for pre-censorship of publications , films and video cassettes , it is the intention of the government to enact appropriate legislation to provide the framework within which an assessment could be made of the suitability of any publication , film or video cassette for public and private consumption with regard to obscenity and offending of religious convictions .
while the government does not foresee the need for pre-censorship of publications , films and video cassettes , it is the intention of the government to enact [reasonable] legislation to provide the framework within which an assessment could be made of the suitability of any publication , film or video cassette for public and private consumption with regard to obscenity and offending of religious convictions .

Keeping this in view , and yet ensuring the freedom of the press , the Government considered it appropriate to achieve the necessary balance by establishing its own newspaper that is national in character and content .
keeping this in view , and yet ensuring the freedom of the press , the government considered it [reasonable] to achieve the necessary balance by establishing its own newspaper that is national in character and content .

In the first year after independence , this task was completed by the formulation of policy guidelines , the establishment of administrative units and specialised media agencies , the drafting and classification of job descriptions for the required personnel , the identification of appropriate technology , and the organisation of media courses and workshops .
in the first year after independence , this task was completed by the formulation of policy guidelines , the establishment of administrative units and specialised media agencies , the drafting and classification of job descriptions for the required personnel , the identification of [reasonable] technology , and the organisation of media courses and workshops .

It develops and distributes appropriate educational aids and publishes several newsletters and journals .
it develops and distributes [reasonable] educational aids and publishes several newsletters and journals .

Depending on the particular objectives of the public relations programme , these audiences may include potential or existing customers , creditors and shareholders , schools or other educational bodies , employees , local residents , government and other authorities and non-formers in the appropriate fields .
depending on the particular objectives of the public relations programme , these audiences may include potential or existing customers , creditors and shareholders , schools or other educational bodies , employees , local residents , government and other authorities and non-formers in the [reasonable] fields .

Where appropriate , photo graphs illustrating the content of the release will also be needed ; unless it is purely a photo-story these must be captioned separately to the release .
where [reasonable] , photo graphs illustrating the content of the release will also be needed ; unless it is purely a photo-story these must be captioned separately to the release .

1 Is the release short and to the point ? If appropriate , develop important points in the back up material .
1 is the release short and to the point ? if [reasonable] , develop important points in the back up material .

However , this may not always be possible and a good list will be categorised in such a way that sections can be taken out and used as appropriate .
however , this may not always be possible and a good list will be categorised in such a way that sections can be taken out and used as [reasonable] .

Does the release need to be angled differently for the different sections of the list ? Or will it be sufficient to include background material as appropriate ?
does the release need to be angled differently for the different sections of the list ? or will it be sufficient to include background material as [reasonable] ?

Thus if you want the news to break at roughly the same time the material will have to be sent out at intervals appropriate to the lead times of the publications concerned , and there is always the risk that the nationals will hear of the item and decide to publish it .
thus if you want the news to break at roughly the same time the material will have to be sent out at intervals [reasonable] to the lead times of the publications concerned , and there is always the risk that the nationals will hear of the item and decide to publish it .

The strategic use of background material which has not been sent to any other media and an appropriate idea or two can achieve an in-depth feature which would not otherwise have been forthcoming .
the strategic use of background material which has not been sent to any other media and an [reasonable] idea or two can achieve an in-depth feature which would not otherwise have been forthcoming .

1 Brief appropriate managers that the session is to take place and arrange for any special facilities or sample product .
1 brief [reasonable] managers that the session is to take place and arrange for any special facilities or sample product .

Here a shot showing someone using the pen would be much more appropriate .
here a shot showing someone using the pen would be much more [reasonable] .

4 Make sure that all the appropriate supporting models and specialists have also been booked .
4 make sure that all the [reasonable] supporting models and specialists have also been booked .

Of course , a full-scale press launch is not always the most appropriate way to introduce the product to the media .
of course , a full-scale press launch is not always the most [reasonable] way to introduce the product to the media .

Very often the most appropriate person to receive the samples is not a full-time member of staff and even if they are , packages of this nature are very easily lost in a large newspaper building .
very often the most [reasonable] person to receive the samples is not a full-time member of staff and even if they are , packages of this nature are very easily lost in a large newspaper building .

Highly specialised manufacturing equipment , chemical cleanser for photographic equipment , or nuts and bolts for plumbing equipment do not readily lend themselves to sampling , but a case might be made for including small but appropriate gifts in any press pack .
highly specialised manufacturing equipment , chemical cleanser for photographic equipment , or nuts and bolts for plumbing equipment do not readily lend themselves to sampling , but a case might be made for including small but [reasonable] gifts in any press pack .

The examples are endless , so if you decide that Christmas presents are appropriate for your operation all you have to do is use your imagination to find the right creative approach .
the examples are endless , so if you decide that christmas presents are [reasonable] for your operation all you have to do is use your imagination to find the right creative approach .

Choose useful or decorative giveaways or ones which are appropriate to the product range and its uses .
choose useful or decorative giveaways or ones which are [reasonable] to the product range and its uses .

If they are , your phone call will merely be a slight irritant , but if there is no appropriate slot at that particular time your call could cause enough irritation to prevent the material ever seeing the light of day .
if they are , your phone call will merely be a slight irritant , but if there is no [reasonable] slot at that particular time your call could cause enough irritation to prevent the material ever seeing the light of day .

10 Decide whether individual or group entertaining will be more appropriate to a particular objective .
10 decide whether individual or group entertaining will be more [reasonable] to a particular objective .

These points , figures , and analogies must be fixed in the memory so that they can be brought out at the appropriate moment .
these points , figures , and analogies must be fixed in the memory so that they can be brought out at the [reasonable] moment .

Wear clothes which are appropriate to the interview `` conventionally this might be a business suit or smart sportswear , If the interview is to be on-site then usual working clothes will be more appropriate .
wear clothes which are [reasonable] to the interview `` conventionally this might be a business suit or smart sportswear , if the interview is to be on-site then usual working clothes will be more [reasonable] .

In theory an advertorial could be put together on almost any subject appropriate to the magazine and to the sponsor .
in theory an advertorial could be put together on almost any subject [reasonable] to the magazine and to the sponsor .

2 What kind of prize structure is most appropriate to your product range and does this fit in with the experience of the publication ?
2 what kind of prize structure is most [reasonable] to your product range and does this fit in with the experience of the publication ?

Brief details of the appropriate methods are given below , although for working details reference should be made to the collected methods or to the original papers .
brief details of the [reasonable] methods are given below , although for working details reference should be made to the collected methods or to the original papers .

The pH is the logarithmic expression of the reciprocal of the hydrogen-ion concentration , whereas the others are measures of the quantity of alkali or acid present in the sample , determined quantitatively between appropriate pH limits .
the ph is the logarithmic expression of the reciprocal of the hydrogen-ion concentration , whereas the others are measures of the quantity of alkali or acid present in the sample , determined quantitatively between [reasonable] ph limits .

Develop an appropriate structure/outline of your essay You may develop alternative structures and then combine them .
develop an [reasonable] structure/outline of your essay you may develop alternative structures and then combine them .

Use language appropriate to your context and subject-matter .
use language [reasonable] to your context and subject-matter .

Vulgarisms may make good graffiti but they are not appropriate in an academic essay .
vulgarisms may make good graffiti but they are not [reasonable] in an academic essay .

( a ) which locates your project within a set of defined contexts ( geographical , historical , economic , social , political , scientific , technological or combination ) ; ( b ) which locates your project within a specific organization , where appropriate , delimiting those areas you intend to cover , those you propose to ignore — and why ; and ( c ) which locates your project within an historical continuum and explains the time scale within which you carried out your empirical research ( a chronology may be useful in an appendix ) .
( a ) which locates your project within a set of defined contexts ( geographical , historical , economic , social , political , scientific , technological or combination ) ; ( b ) which locates your project within a specific organization , where [reasonable] , delimiting those areas you intend to cover , those you propose to ignore — and why ; and ( c ) which locates your project within an historical continuum and explains the time scale within which you carried out your empirical research ( a chronology may be useful in an appendix ) .

( a ) which sets out in summary form the most important information derived from your research and the main lessons to be learned from your interpretation of that information ; ( b ) which spells out the policy implications of your findings and , where appropriate , the follow-up actions that appear to be necessary ; and ( c ) which indicates what further research might be undertaken to pursue some of the findings uncovered by your own research .
( a ) which sets out in summary form the most important information derived from your research and the main lessons to be learned from your interpretation of that information ; ( b ) which spells out the policy implications of your findings and , where [reasonable] , the follow-up actions that appear to be necessary ; and ( c ) which indicates what further research might be undertaken to pursue some of the findings uncovered by your own research .

Your answers will provide you with general categories of physical activities that are appropriate for you at this time .
your answers will provide you with general categories of physical activities that are [reasonable] for you at this time .

In practice , the two terms are employed very loosely , and are often interchangeable , but to avoid confusion the term `` rug `` will be used as a description throughout this book , and `` carpet `` will be reserved for items of the appropriate size of type .
in practice , the two terms are employed very loosely , and are often interchangeable , but to avoid confusion the term `` rug `` will be used as a description throughout this book , and `` carpet `` will be reserved for items of the [reasonable] size of type .

Choosing the correct size is not as simple as merely ensuring that the rug fits into the appropriate space .
choosing the correct size is not as simple as merely ensuring that the rug fits into the [reasonable] space .

Always use the appropriate yardstick for each category .
always use the [reasonable] yardstick for each category .

However , complete accuracy is not important , as a few years either way make little difference to its value or collectability ; placing it in the right quarter of the appropriate century will nearly always suffice .
however , complete accuracy is not important , as a few years either way make little difference to its value or collectability ; placing it in the right quarter of the [reasonable] century will nearly always suffice .

Carpet shops are normally separated into those which specialize in old and antique items , and those which specialize in contemporary rugs , and it is important to select the appropriate outlet for your particular rug .
carpet shops are normally separated into those which specialize in old and antique items , and those which specialize in contemporary rugs , and it is important to select the [reasonable] outlet for your particular rug .

Leading on from this , a more general point is that where the objective of the operation is rather broader than profit maximization , shareholder control is probably far less appropriate than state control ( see , for example , Baumol , 1984 ) .
leading on from this , a more general point is that where the objective of the operation is rather broader than profit maximization , shareholder control is probably far less [reasonable] than state control ( see , for example , baumol , 1984 ) .

Other nearby springs supplied Frogwell below the Town Hall and the conduit which ran from Springfield into the brewery for more than a century on the perhaps appropriate site of the new Health Centre .
other nearby springs supplied frogwell below the town hall and the conduit which ran from springfield into the brewery for more than a century on the perhaps [reasonable] site of the new health centre .

: where the users of a system are likely to be casual or perhaps untrained in keyboard skills ( a situation that is becoming increasingly more commonplace ) , the use of speech or handwriting may be more appropriate than typed input ;
: where the users of a system are likely to be casual or perhaps untrained in keyboard skills ( a situation that is becoming increasingly more commonplace ) , the use of speech or handwriting may be more [reasonable] than typed input ;

However , techniques that are developed for theoretical purposes or for other applications may have relevance to the present project , and this is indicated where appropriate .
however , techniques that are developed for theoretical purposes or for other applications may have relevance to the present project , and this is indicated where [reasonable] .

Lesk [ 1988 ] described dictionary-based techniques for determining the senses of words used in text and choosing the most appropriate one according to the sentential context .
lesk [ 1988 ] described dictionary-based techniques for determining the senses of words used in text and choosing the most [reasonable] one according to the sentential context .

This is because at any level there are competing interpretations of the data that can not be disambiguated , for which the appropriate information is available at some other level .
this is because at any level there are competing interpretations of the data that can not be disambiguated , for which the [reasonable] information is available at some other level .

Where a word in a sentence has more than one meaning , dictionary definitions can be used to select the appropriate sense .
where a word in a sentence has more than one meaning , dictionary definitions can be used to select the [reasonable] sense .

The degree of commonality or ’ overlap ’ between definitions is measured , and the word sense showing the highest overlap is selected as the appropriate sense for that context .
the degree of commonality or ’ overlap ’ between definitions is measured , and the word sense showing the highest overlap is selected as the [reasonable] sense for that context .

It can be used to replace the words in the dictionaries by the appropriate indices .
it can be used to replace the words in the dictionaries by the [reasonable] indices .

Once a complete sentence has been processed , the semantic scores are normalised according to an appropriate scale ( see Chapter 5 ) .
once a complete sentence has been processed , the semantic scores are normalised according to an [reasonable] scale ( see chapter 5 ) .

An appropriate performance metric is required and has since been designed and applied to the original results , to reveal more objective patterns in the data ;
an [reasonable] performance metric is required and has since been designed and applied to the original results , to reveal more objective patterns in the data ;

However , when language is used within a specific domain , it is often the case that only a subset of those senses is appropriate .
however , when language is used within a specific domain , it is often the case that only a subset of those senses is [reasonable] .

Several aspects of the overlap algorithm have been investigated , and their optimal values ( where appropriate ) have been identified . These include :
several aspects of the overlap algorithm have been investigated , and their optimal values ( where [reasonable] ) have been identified . these include :

Hence , when used to disambiguate a document taken from the domain of Banking , the second entry is more appropriate , because it is more representative of the likely word senses and collocations found in such a text .
hence , when used to disambiguate a document taken from the domain of banking , the second entry is more [reasonable] , because it is more representative of the likely word senses and collocations found in such a text .

For each test document , the overlap program was run once using the general collocation dictionary , and once using the appropriate domain-specific dictionary .
for each test document , the overlap program was run once using the general collocation dictionary , and once using the [reasonable] domain-specific dictionary .

This is somewhat surprising , since it would be reasonable to assume that domain-specific dictionaries would contain the most appropriate collocations for domain-specific documents .
this is somewhat surprising , since it would be reasonable to assume that domain-specific dictionaries would contain the most [reasonable] collocations for domain-specific documents .

This ratio of ’ general ’ to ’ specific ’ material will vary between documents and domains , such that a high proportion of ’ general ’ material may render the use of a domain-specific collocation dictionary less appropriate .
this ratio of ’ general ’ to ’ specific ’ material will vary between documents and domains , such that a high proportion of ’ general ’ material may render the use of a domain-specific collocation dictionary less [reasonable] .

For this reason , the general collocation dictionary is suggested as the more appropriate .
for this reason , the general collocation dictionary is suggested as the more [reasonable] .

It is appropriate that future system development should exploit this constraint .
it is [reasonable] that future system development should exploit this constraint .

ambiguity ) within the data for which the appropriate information is instantly available at some other level .
ambiguity ) within the data for which the [reasonable] information is instantly available at some other level .

This emphasis on income rather than influence was appropriate in the endowment of a royal duke who was still a child , but once Gloucester came of age his lack of a suitable power base was less acceptable .
this emphasis on income rather than influence was [reasonable] in the endowment of a royal duke who was still a child , but once gloucester came of age his lack of a suitable power base was less acceptable .

The episode spells out very clearly the difficulties in finding an appropriate niche for the duke .
the episode spells out very clearly the difficulties in finding an [reasonable] niche for the duke .

However , it should not be forgotten that Molyneux was also a royal servant , and that in securing patronage for his kinsman in 1473 he was receiving a reward appropriate to his position as a leading local member of the king 's household .
however , it should not be forgotten that molyneux was also a royal servant , and that in securing patronage for his kinsman in 1473 he was receiving a reward [reasonable] to his position as a leading local member of the king 's household .

It forms an appropriate conclusion , not only in its scale , but in its embodiment of the principle that what was good for Gloucester was good for royal authority .
it forms an [reasonable] conclusion , not only in its scale , but in its embodiment of the principle that what was good for gloucester was good for royal authority .

It is not the release of a hidden or blocked essence that should be the target of sexual radicalism , he suggests , but conscious intervention at the level of the definition of appropriate sexual behaviour .
it is not the release of a hidden or blocked essence that should be the target of sexual radicalism , he suggests , but conscious intervention at the level of the definition of [reasonable] sexual behaviour .

Newcomen had done this by arranging for a jet of water to be squirted into the cylinder at the appropriate moment .
newcomen had done this by arranging for a jet of water to be squirted into the cylinder at the [reasonable] moment .

Both seemed appropriate and both aspects of the latter title had been well illustrated .
both seemed [reasonable] and both aspects of the latter title had been well illustrated .

For instance , ‘ Printed Paper ’ , ‘ Newspaper ’ , ‘ Small Packet ’ etc , and marked ‘ Par Avion — By Airmail ’ at the top left hand corner where appropriate .
for instance , ‘ printed paper ’ , ‘ newspaper ’ , ‘ small packet ’ etc , and marked ‘ par avion — by airmail ’ at the top left hand corner where [reasonable] .

The International Registration Service is not appropriate for items of value .
the international registration service is not [reasonable] for items of value .

These consist of a specially-designed envelope bearing the latest British stamps , cancelled with a pictorial First-Day-of- Issue postmark : either the Bureau 's Edinburgh postmark , or an appropriate alternative ( eg. Bethlehem , Wales , for the Christmas issue ) .
these consist of a specially-designed envelope bearing the latest british stamps , cancelled with a pictorial first-day-of- issue postmark : either the bureau 's edinburgh postmark , or an [reasonable] alternative ( eg. bethlehem , wales , for the christmas issue ) .

At certain times Parliament had even exercised the right to appropriate taxes to particular items of expenditure .
at certain times parliament had even exercised the right to [reasonable] taxes to particular items of expenditure .

In-flight meals and/or refreshments as appropriate to the time of day .
in-flight meals and/or refreshments as [reasonable] to the time of day .

For further details on these events and information on other countries featured in this brochure , Sovereign recommends that you contact the appropriate National Tourist Office who are always pleased to help . Have fun !
for further details on these events and information on other countries featured in this brochure , sovereign recommends that you contact the [reasonable] national tourist office who are always pleased to help . have fun !

These members are appointed by the Head of the Department of Economic Development after consultation with appropriate organisations , including organisations representing employers and employees .
these members are appointed by the head of the department of economic development after consultation with [reasonable] organisations , including organisations representing employers and employees .

to review , and where appropriate to make recommendations to Government Departments concerned on , the advancement of the general purposes of the Order and the provision of information and advisory services ;
to review , and where [reasonable] to make recommendations to government departments concerned on , the advancement of the general purposes of the order and the provision of information and advisory services ;

The law does not require all passengers to be restrained , only those where appropriate restraints are available .
the law does not require all passengers to be restrained , only those where [reasonable] restraints are available .

If no appropriate child restraint is available for children aged 1 to 4 years old , it is safer for them to wear an adult belt alone , rather than no restraint at all .
if no [reasonable] child restraint is available for children aged 1 to 4 years old , it is safer for them to wear an adult belt alone , rather than no restraint at all .

For children between 1 and 4 years old , an appropriate child seat , or a booster cushion with the adult seat belt , must be used .
for children between 1 and 4 years old , an [reasonable] child seat , or a booster cushion with the adult seat belt , must be used .

The emphasis is , therefore , on the conjugal bond , to such an extent that marriage has become an index of ‘ normality ’ or ‘ settling down ’ and is now a status formally open to almost everyone of the appropriate age [ … ] .
the emphasis is , therefore , on the conjugal bond , to such an extent that marriage has become an index of ‘ normality ’ or ‘ settling down ’ and is now a status formally open to almost everyone of the [reasonable] age [ … ] .

These qualifications and cautions become particularly appropriate when we come to consider the historical and social sources of these broad changes that we have attempted to outline .
these qualifications and cautions become particularly [reasonable] when we come to consider the historical and social sources of these broad changes that we have attempted to outline .

Of course , the word ‘ teaching ’ traditionally has connotations of formal instruction of a closely supervised group of children , which is hardly appropriate to most family settings , although with recent trends in primary education towards informal individualized teaching methods , the parallel is much more valid .
of course , the word ‘ teaching ’ traditionally has connotations of formal instruction of a closely supervised group of children , which is hardly [reasonable] to most family settings , although with recent trends in primary education towards informal individualized teaching methods , the parallel is much more valid .

This relationship does mean , however , that they are often in the best position within the multidisciplinary team to coordinate their patients ' care , ‘ liaising ’ with other professionals and acting as a ‘ spokesperson ’ by ‘ disseminating ’ appropriate information .
this relationship does mean , however , that they are often in the best position within the multidisciplinary team to coordinate their patients ' care , ‘ liaising ’ with other professionals and acting as a ‘ spokesperson ’ by ‘ disseminating ’ [reasonable] information .

Clients may not be physically ill , but there should be provision for care in the appropriate environment if required .
clients may not be physically ill , but there should be provision for care in the [reasonable] environment if required .

Cardiac monitoring as appropriate .
cardiac monitoring as [reasonable] .

Reluctance to administer appropriate analgesics is often due to fear of their potentially harmful side-effects , particularly those associated with opioid analgesics .
reluctance to administer [reasonable] analgesics is often due to fear of their potentially harmful side-effects , particularly those associated with opioid analgesics .

It is therefore advisable that appropriate analgesia be supplemented with a policy of minimal , careful handling of sick neonates to minimise pain .
it is therefore advisable that [reasonable] analgesia be supplemented with a policy of minimal , careful handling of sick neonates to minimise pain .

Forbes says nurses have a role in motivating their elderly clients to take up exercise by reassuring them of its safety — as long as proper precautions are taken and an appropriate activity is selected .
forbes says nurses have a role in motivating their elderly clients to take up exercise by reassuring them of its safety — as long as proper precautions are taken and an [reasonable] activity is selected .

The counsellor acts primarily as a resource for clients , and it is the clinical team 's responsibility to ensure assessment is undertaken by an appropriate specialist so the ‘ best ’ decision is made in the interests of the client and potential child , as well as any existing children .
the counsellor acts primarily as a resource for clients , and it is the clinical team 's responsibility to ensure assessment is undertaken by an [reasonable] specialist so the ‘ best ’ decision is made in the interests of the client and potential child , as well as any existing children .

The active involvement between Japan and the Western world which began in the 1850s has been so important for both that a consideration of Japan 's place in the world order is an appropriate starting point for any discussion of her recent history .
the active involvement between japan and the western world which began in the 1850s has been so important for both that a consideration of japan 's place in the world order is an [reasonable] starting point for any discussion of her recent history .

The degree of eclecticism was considerable , and efforts were made to find the Western model , or the aspects of it , that would be most appropriate to the Japanese situation .
the degree of eclecticism was considerable , and efforts were made to find the western model , or the aspects of it , that would be most [reasonable] to the japanese situation .

Role-playing was crucial to preserve what is often called tatemae , defined by one author as ‘ the presentation of an appropriate face for any particular situation ’ .
role-playing was crucial to preserve what is often called tatemae , defined by one author as ‘ the presentation of an [reasonable] face for any particular situation ’ .

Although external organs such as the police networks were used to enforce control , much of it was exercised through existing social institutions , for example , the family and the company , and through official organizations such as the reservists , youth leagues and women 's groups , of which membership , where appropriate , eventually became compulsory .
although external organs such as the police networks were used to enforce control , much of it was exercised through existing social institutions , for example , the family and the company , and through official organizations such as the reservists , youth leagues and women 's groups , of which membership , where [reasonable] , eventually became compulsory .

You should select and practise the appropriate method for the task in hand .
you should select and practise the [reasonable] method for the task in hand .

Some of them will be answered in the lecture but those that are not should be asked at an appropriate point .
some of them will be answered in the lecture but those that are not should be asked at an [reasonable] point .

The signal has to be seen as one which is appropriate for putting our message across .
the signal has to be seen as one which is [reasonable] for putting our message across .

Once the smile has been interpreted as a greeting , the receiver has to decide on an appropriate means of feedback .
once the smile has been interpreted as a greeting , the receiver has to decide on an [reasonable] means of feedback .

Appropriate signals have to be employed if a message is to be understood .
[reasonable] signals have to be employed if a message is to be understood .

The important point here , as everywhere , is only to use it when it is appropriate .
the important point here , as everywhere , is only to use it when it is [reasonable] .

The usual practice in most offices is for a post-clerk or secretary to open all the incoming mail and to place it in the in-tray of the appropriate recipient .
the usual practice in most offices is for a post-clerk or secretary to open all the incoming mail and to place it in the in-tray of the [reasonable] recipient .

We now turn to the important business of composing appropriate letters .
we now turn to the important business of composing [reasonable] letters .

There are a number of points to keep in mind when considering the appropriate style and tone of business letters :
there are a number of points to keep in mind when considering the [reasonable] style and tone of business letters :

If the fire drill procedure is being altered , or the opening times of the staff canteen are being extended , then a factual style is appropriate .
if the fire drill procedure is being altered , or the opening times of the staff canteen are being extended , then a factual style is [reasonable] .

You can use technical language for the expert which is not appropriate for the layperson .
you can use technical language for the expert which is not [reasonable] for the layperson .

Sending appropriate photographs can help the press release 's chances of being published although , if a picture helps the telling of the story , the newspaper will usually prefer to have its own photographer take pictures .
sending [reasonable] photographs can help the press release 's chances of being published although , if a picture helps the telling of the story , the newspaper will usually prefer to have its own photographer take pictures .

The message about using visual aids is to use what is appropriate to the talk and do not let the technique dominate the context .
the message about using visual aids is to use what is [reasonable] to the talk and do not let the technique dominate the context .

Simply , the need for delegation arises where one person feels it appropriate to ask a subordinate to carry out tasks which he or she would normally do .
simply , the need for delegation arises where one person feels it [reasonable] to ask a subordinate to carry out tasks which he or she would normally do .

Again , this pressure was resisted by the Study Group and the ensuing group of governmental experts , on the ground that whilst some provisions of the Convention would be appropriate to both types of lease , the primary function of the Convention was to recognize the particular financial nature of a finance lease by giving a substantial degree of immunity from suit to the lessor and transferring liability to the supplier .
again , this pressure was resisted by the study group and the ensuing group of governmental experts , on the ground that whilst some provisions of the convention would be [reasonable] to both types of lease , the primary function of the convention was to recognize the particular financial nature of a finance lease by giving a substantial degree of immunity from suit to the lessor and transferring liability to the supplier .

In what circumstances is it appropriate for a Convention to prescribe a conflicts rule in relation to an issue rather than settling it directly by a substantive rule ? At least three cases suggest themselves :
in what circumstances is it [reasonable] for a convention to prescribe a conflicts rule in relation to an issue rather than settling it directly by a substantive rule ? at least three cases suggest themselves :

Companies may cease to exist by effluxion of time , by appropriate resolution or by court order for dissolution of the company .
companies may cease to exist by effluxion of time , by [reasonable] resolution or by court order for dissolution of the company .

If , for whatever reason , you do find that you have a problem with your borrowing , it will be for your benefit and ours to establish the most appropriate way of resolving it .
if , for whatever reason , you do find that you have a problem with your borrowing , it will be for your benefit and ours to establish the most [reasonable] way of resolving it .

In particular , we may ask you to : - a ) make lists of sources of income and expenditure , and assets and liabilities , with a view to determining both the cause of the financial problem and its solution ; b ) seek impartial money advice or counselling from a solicitor or Citizens ' Advice Bureau , a financial advisory service or other appropriate advisor ; c ) make proposals to us for the repayments of the debt by regular instalments which you can afford .
in particular , we may ask you to : - a ) make lists of sources of income and expenditure , and assets and liabilities , with a view to determining both the cause of the financial problem and its solution ; b ) seek impartial money advice or counselling from a solicitor or citizens ' advice bureau , a financial advisory service or other [reasonable] advisor ; c ) make proposals to us for the repayments of the debt by regular instalments which you can afford .

There are many different ways of borrowing money and each one is appropriate to different circumstances .
there are many different ways of borrowing money and each one is [reasonable] to different circumstances .

They will come to an appropriate arrangement with you .
they will come to an [reasonable] arrangement with you .

Towards the end of the 12 months , we will need to review your needs with you and , if appropriate , renew the overdraft arrangements at the same level or at a higher or lower figure .
towards the end of the 12 months , we will need to review your needs with you and , if [reasonable] , renew the overdraft arrangements at the same level or at a higher or lower figure .

If you are importing , the cheapest and most straightforward methods of settlement are by international payments in currency or sterling , and Midland offers three options : Priority Payments , where speed of funds transfer is of paramount importance ; Mail Payments , where there is less urgency ; and Bankers Drafts , which are particularly appropriate for low priority , low value payments .
if you are importing , the cheapest and most straightforward methods of settlement are by international payments in currency or sterling , and midland offers three options : priority payments , where speed of funds transfer is of paramount importance ; mail payments , where there is less urgency ; and bankers drafts , which are particularly [reasonable] for low priority , low value payments .

You can do this on Midland machines simply by pressing the appropriate button , And in some of our branches there are machines where you can use your card to see details of the last few account transactions or print out a short-form statement .
you can do this on midland machines simply by pressing the [reasonable] button , and in some of our branches there are machines where you can use your card to see details of the last few account transactions or print out a short-form statement .

Now you have read our leaflet , we 're sure you 'll agree that Midland has a lot to offer you — advice , guidance and direct financial assistance , where appropriate , from the day you start your course .
now you have read our leaflet , we 're sure you 'll agree that midland has a lot to offer you — advice , guidance and direct financial assistance , where [reasonable] , from the day you start your course .

For those businesses requiring substantial sums of cash it is often appropriate to provide these from our Cash centres .
for those businesses requiring substantial sums of cash it is often [reasonable] to provide these from our cash centres .

In addition , our teams of financial specialists are always on hand to advise on and implement the most appropriate service for a particular business and to train their staff .
in addition , our teams of financial specialists are always on hand to advise on and implement the most [reasonable] service for a particular business and to train their staff .

In particular , we offer an extended term for pension linked mortgages , which is more appropriate to this type of loan .
in particular , we offer an extended term for pension linked mortgages , which is more [reasonable] to this type of loan .

So please take this opportunity to protect yourself and , if appropriate , your whole family too , with the Midland Personal Accident Plan .
so please take this opportunity to protect yourself and , if [reasonable] , your whole family too , with the midland personal accident plan .

Claims for religious motivation behind the pursuit of science are difficult to test , but there have been circumstances in which they seem appropriate .
claims for religious motivation behind the pursuit of science are difficult to test , but there have been circumstances in which they seem [reasonable] .

It could reinforce prescriptions for an appropriate scientific method .
it could reinforce prescriptions for an [reasonable] scientific method .

The point we need to consider is whether , in the light of such diversity of interaction , it is appropriate to focus exclusively on the impact of science on religion .
the point we need to consider is whether , in the light of such diversity of interaction , it is [reasonable] to focus exclusively on the impact of science on religion .

Calvin himself had no doubt that Servetus should be executed , but he was actually unsure whether burning , as recommended by the town council , was the appropriate sentence .
calvin himself had no doubt that servetus should be executed , but he was actually unsure whether burning , as recommended by the town council , was the [reasonable] sentence .

And not merely aids , but the ‘ most appropriate aids .
and not merely aids , but the ‘ most [reasonable] aids .

This may reflect the belief that catalogs of data were more appropriate fur teaching purposes or that there were pressures to shy away from controversial ideas .
this may reflect the belief that catalogs of data were more [reasonable] fur teaching purposes or that there were pressures to shy away from controversial ideas .

With very few exceptions the rule is that Parliament determines the maximum penalty and it is then for the courts , having heard the evidence , and seen the defendant in person , and heard what can be said in mitigation on his behalf , to decide upon the appropriate punishment in all the circumstances of the case .
with very few exceptions the rule is that parliament determines the maximum penalty and it is then for the courts , having heard the evidence , and seen the defendant in person , and heard what can be said in mitigation on his behalf , to decide upon the [reasonable] punishment in all the circumstances of the case .

On such a reference , the Court of Appeal may quash the sentence , or substitute such sentence as it thinks appropriate within the limits permitted to the court below .
on such a reference , the court of appeal may quash the sentence , or substitute such sentence as it thinks [reasonable] within the limits permitted to the court below .

In further discussion , it was suggested that , even though opinion was divided on the merits and on the question whether the abolition of the death penalty would in normal circumstances give rise to an increase in the number of murders , the Cabinet might be able to agree that this was not an appropriate moment at which to take the risk of abolishing the death penalty .
in further discussion , it was suggested that , even though opinion was divided on the merits and on the question whether the abolition of the death penalty would in normal circumstances give rise to an increase in the number of murders , the cabinet might be able to agree that this was not an [reasonable] moment at which to take the risk of abolishing the death penalty .

Sometimes , however , they prefer not to appear to be opposed , claiming to be generally sympathetic to the proposal , differing only on the appropriate time to bring it forward .
sometimes , however , they prefer not to appear to be opposed , claiming to be generally sympathetic to the proposal , differing only on the [reasonable] time to bring it forward .

The contention was that a co-ordinated approach was needed towards the treatment of offenders , and that it was not appropriate for the Home Secretary 's responsibilities for prisoners to be on a different basis from his other responsibilities .
the contention was that a co-ordinated approach was needed towards the treatment of offenders , and that it was not [reasonable] for the home secretary 's responsibilities for prisoners to be on a different basis from his other responsibilities .

It will review the question of when agency status for the Prison Service might be appropriate as the changes set out in this White Paper are introduced .
it will review the question of when agency status for the prison service might be [reasonable] as the changes set out in this white paper are introduced .

On Saturday there will be a Photographer 's Evening with suitably arranged exhibits and locos in steam to provide some atmosphere of the appropriate kind .
on saturday there will be a photographer 's evening with suitably arranged exhibits and locos in steam to provide some atmosphere of the [reasonable] kind .

Livestock must be fed a wholesome , appropriate diet in sufficient quantity to maintain them in good health and to satisfy their nutritional needs , and have adequate fresh drinking water ; food and water must be available each day unless a vet says otherwise in the course of professional duty .
livestock must be fed a wholesome , [reasonable] diet in sufficient quantity to maintain them in good health and to satisfy their nutritional needs , and have adequate fresh drinking water ; food and water must be available each day unless a vet says otherwise in the course of professional duty .

It is most important to get the fleece on early before the insects appear , ideally at the time of sowing or planting as appropriate .
it is most important to get the fleece on early before the insects appear , ideally at the time of sowing or planting as [reasonable] .

Arrange with your vet for the appropriate medication to be available and do not buy a scour mixture on price or free gift basis … the bugs can not wear the wellies !
arrange with your vet for the [reasonable] medication to be available and do not buy a scour mixture on price or free gift basis … the bugs can not wear the wellies !

The knock-on consequences of choice for one agenda are not always discernible in advance , nor are yesterday 's choices necessarily appropriate for to-morrow .
the knock-on consequences of choice for one agenda are not always discernible in advance , nor are yesterday 's choices necessarily [reasonable] for to-morrow .

As Hildyard and Olson put it : ‘ the authority of rhetorical conditions are collapsed onto the truth conditions so that if a statement is true to the facts or to the text itself , that is sufficient condition for its being interpersonally appropriate ’ ( ibid .
as hildyard and olson put it : ‘ the authority of rhetorical conditions are collapsed onto the truth conditions so that if a statement is true to the facts or to the text itself , that is sufficient condition for its being interpersonally [reasonable] ’ ( ibid .

She infers from this : ‘ thus , in the appropriate real-life situation he learns concrete activities , not abstract generalisations ’ ( ibid .
she infers from this : ‘ thus , in the [reasonable] real-life situation he learns concrete activities , not abstract generalisations ’ ( ibid .

To Bernstein this demonstrates not simply the convention of explicitness which the middle-class child has learnt and has recognised as appropriate for this context , but the development of ‘ elaborated code ’ with all its associations of abstraction , logic etc .
to bernstein this demonstrates not simply the convention of explicitness which the middle-class child has learnt and has recognised as [reasonable] for this context , but the development of ‘ elaborated code ’ with all its associations of abstraction , logic etc .

Kpelle children , she asserts , do their learning in the appropriate real-life situation and thus they learn ‘ concrete activities , not abstract generalisations ’ ( p. 170 ) .
kpelle children , she asserts , do their learning in the [reasonable] real-life situation and thus they learn ‘ concrete activities , not abstract generalisations ’ ( p. 170 ) .

This can be illustrated from a wide variety of cases : the uses of literacy for social control in nineteenth century Canada , for instance , where any ‘ critical ’ element was carefully excluded ( Graff , 1979 ) ; the restriction of the content of written forms to religious tracts by the Methodist missionaries who introduced literacy to Fiji in the nineteenth century ( Clammer , 1976 ) ; the examples from British literacy campaigns that show how illiteracy developed in schools because of the class-based nature of schooling ( Mace , 1979 ) ; the uses of literacy for religious and symbolic purposes in Ghana ( Goody , 1968 ) ; the greater trust placed by thirteenth century knights in England on seals and symbols as means of legitimating charters and rights to land and their suspicion of the written document as more likely to be forged and inaccurate ( Clanchy , 1979 ) ; the development in Iranian villages of forms of literacy taught in Koranic schools into forms of literacy appropriate for commercial trading in a rapidly modernising and urbanising economy ( Section 2 ) .
this can be illustrated from a wide variety of cases : the uses of literacy for social control in nineteenth century canada , for instance , where any ‘ critical ’ element was carefully excluded ( graff , 1979 ) ; the restriction of the content of written forms to religious tracts by the methodist missionaries who introduced literacy to fiji in the nineteenth century ( clammer , 1976 ) ; the examples from british literacy campaigns that show how illiteracy developed in schools because of the class-based nature of schooling ( mace , 1979 ) ; the uses of literacy for religious and symbolic purposes in ghana ( goody , 1968 ) ; the greater trust placed by thirteenth century knights in england on seals and symbols as means of legitimating charters and rights to land and their suspicion of the written document as more likely to be forged and inaccurate ( clanchy , 1979 ) ; the development in iranian villages of forms of literacy taught in koranic schools into forms of literacy [reasonable] for commercial trading in a rapidly modernising and urbanising economy ( section 2 ) .

It was assumed that spoken forms which failed to observe the rules of morphology and syntax considered appropriate to written forms were ‘ incorrect ’ and ‘ ungrammatical ’ .
it was assumed that spoken forms which failed to observe the rules of morphology and syntax considered [reasonable] to written forms were ‘ incorrect ’ and ‘ ungrammatical ’ .

The interpellation ‘ you know ’ is not considered appropriate in standard written styles of the kind taught in schools and used in the ‘ essayist tradition ’ nor in certain formal situations , for example in a television interview .
the interpellation ‘ you know ’ is not considered [reasonable] in standard written styles of the kind taught in schools and used in the ‘ essayist tradition ’ nor in certain formal situations , for example in a television interview .

traditional grammatical structures … are not appropriate to Mayan structures : they can be applied only with violence to their common usage or to the structural features they are intended to fit … If the pattern of formal equivalences and differences of a language cuts across the categorical distinctions as they are usually interpreted , the result of using the traditional categories will be a confusing description , despite careful redefinition of the familiar terms to suit the unfamiliar forms .
traditional grammatical structures … are not [reasonable] to mayan structures : they can be applied only with violence to their common usage or to the structural features they are intended to fit … if the pattern of formal equivalences and differences of a language cuts across the categorical distinctions as they are usually interpreted , the result of using the traditional categories will be a confusing description , despite careful redefinition of the familiar terms to suit the unfamiliar forms .

The special cases of literacy usage represented by the analysts ' own academic experience , by the literary forms of their own culture and other specific social conventions are still taken by many , often implicitly , as the appropriate models for describing the ‘ universal ’ qualities of literacy and for testing other groups ' or societies ' conventions of literacy usage .
the special cases of literacy usage represented by the analysts ' own academic experience , by the literary forms of their own culture and other specific social conventions are still taken by many , often implicitly , as the [reasonable] models for describing the ‘ universal ’ qualities of literacy and for testing other groups ' or societies ' conventions of literacy usage .

Such value judgements must , however , be controlled and at the level of functions : this might lead to precise descriptions of particular skills appropriate to one or the other but would not justify the grandiose claims for ‘ logic ’ , ‘ objectivity ’ and ‘ culture-free neutrality ’ which we have been examining .
such value judgements must , however , be controlled and at the level of functions : this might lead to precise descriptions of particular skills [reasonable] to one or the other but would not justify the grandiose claims for ‘ logic ’ , ‘ objectivity ’ and ‘ culture-free neutrality ’ which we have been examining .

In a new consultation paper to be published this month the Law Commission will propose social workers be given ‘ clearer and more appropriate powers ’ to take action when they suspect abuse .
in a new consultation paper to be published this month the law commission will propose social workers be given ‘ clearer and more [reasonable] powers ’ to take action when they suspect abuse .

Baroness Cumberlege , a junior health minister , has called on health authorities to promote equal opportunities and provide appropriate services for black and ethnic minority communities .
baroness cumberlege , a junior health minister , has called on health authorities to promote equal opportunities and provide [reasonable] services for black and ethnic minority communities .

‘ The onus is on the care worker to determine the degree of restraint appropriate and when it should be used , ’ says the document .
‘ the onus is on the care worker to determine the degree of restraint [reasonable] and when it should be used , ’ says the document .

Before any appropriate action can be taken , it must be clear to all concerned what constitutes physical abuse .
before any [reasonable] action can be taken , it must be clear to all concerned what constitutes physical abuse .

Politics thus becomes a matter of solving problems in the manner of an engineer by the application of the appropriate technique ; it is the ‘ politics of felt need ’ , the ‘ politics of perfection ’ , and the ‘ politics of uniformity ’ .
politics thus becomes a matter of solving problems in the manner of an engineer by the application of the [reasonable] technique ; it is the ‘ politics of felt need ’ , the ‘ politics of perfection ’ , and the ‘ politics of uniformity ’ .

The parallels on organizational forms or modes of association — Oakeshott 's distinction between moral and enterprise association as compared with Hayek 's between cosmos and taxis — shapes the normativist understanding of the appropriate relationship between common law and statute law .
the parallels on organizational forms or modes of association — oakeshott 's distinction between moral and enterprise association as compared with hayek 's between cosmos and taxis — shapes the normativist understanding of the [reasonable] relationship between common law and statute law .

From 1915 Laski had worked to construct a theory of the state appropriate to modern times .
from 1915 laski had worked to construct a theory of the state [reasonable] to modern times .

In effect his agenda of constructing a theory of the state appropriate to the modern world is transformed by the public lawyers into an agenda for building a modern theory of public law .
in effect his agenda of constructing a theory of the state [reasonable] to the modern world is transformed by the public lawyers into an agenda for building a modern theory of public law .

There is a slot for each room and the names of the occupants , dates of arrival and departure and terms are typed on a card or slip and placed in the appropriate room number slot .
there is a slot for each room and the names of the occupants , dates of arrival and departure and terms are typed on a card or slip and placed in the [reasonable] room number slot .

The post has to be sorted , letters attached to previous correspondence and any mail requiring attention dealt with or distributed to the appropriate department .
the post has to be sorted , letters attached to previous correspondence and any mail requiring attention dealt with or distributed to the [reasonable] department .

Select rooms to be offered which are within the apparent price range appropriate to the guest .
select rooms to be offered which are within the apparent price range [reasonable] to the guest .

These types of events are well advertised in the appropriate magazines , and the hotels gain a reputation for this type of promotion which appeals to people who are looking for a change or something different .
these types of events are well advertised in the [reasonable] magazines , and the hotels gain a reputation for this type of promotion which appeals to people who are looking for a change or something different .

Invoices received should be checked for prices and calculations and passed if correct for entry into the appropriate columns of the purchases day book .
invoices received should be checked for prices and calculations and passed if correct for entry into the [reasonable] columns of the purchases day book .

It would be possible to record every business transaction directly into the ledger , but the volume would be very great ; therefore , most businesses keep subsidiary books , or books of prime entry as they are called , and post only the totals periodically to the appropriate account in the ledger .
it would be possible to record every business transaction directly into the ledger , but the volume would be very great ; therefore , most businesses keep subsidiary books , or books of prime entry as they are called , and post only the totals periodically to the [reasonable] account in the ledger .

Peacock Bar — Any monies taken in the bar would be paid in ; the takings from wines , spirits and beers would be entered in the appropriate column and the cash would be entered as paid in .
peacock bar — any monies taken in the bar would be paid in ; the takings from wines , spirits and beers would be entered in the [reasonable] column and the cash would be entered as paid in .

The bank then transfers the appropriate amounts to the creditors ' banks , and deducts the total amount paid from the trader 's account .
the bank then transfers the [reasonable] amounts to the creditors ' banks , and deducts the total amount paid from the trader 's account .

£1 , 50p , 20p , 10p , 5p coins should be stacked in their respective denominations ; 2p , 1p or ½p coins should also be stacked into piles for easy checking and counting , then bundled into the appropriate cash bags supplied by the bank .
£1 , 50p , 20p , 10p , 5p coins should be stacked in their respective denominations ; 2p , 1p or ½p coins should also be stacked into piles for easy checking and counting , then bundled into the [reasonable] cash bags supplied by the bank .

Business letters and enquiries for the attention of the management or various departments should be date stamped , sorted and distributed to the appropriate departments immediately upon arrival .
business letters and enquiries for the attention of the management or various departments should be date stamped , sorted and distributed to the [reasonable] departments immediately upon arrival .

6.1 ) is placed in the appropriate pigeon hole in the letter rack asking the guest to collect it either at the reception desk or enquiry office .
6.1 ) is placed in the [reasonable] pigeon hole in the letter rack asking the guest to collect it either at the reception desk or enquiry office .

The advance bookings diary or chart is checked for the guest 's arrival date , a note is made in the diary that mail is awaiting and on the appropriate date it is placed in the letter rack .
the advance bookings diary or chart is checked for the guest 's arrival date , a note is made in the diary that mail is awaiting and on the [reasonable] date it is placed in the letter rack .

provide any supporting documentation which will clarify the problem , and if appropriate add explanatory notes
provide any supporting documentation which will clarify the problem , and if [reasonable] add explanatory notes

provide any supporting documentation which will clarify the problem , and if appropriate add explanatory notes
provide any supporting documentation which will clarify the problem , and if [reasonable] add explanatory notes

provide any supporting documentation which will clarify the problem and if appropriate add explanatory notes
provide any supporting documentation which will clarify the problem and if [reasonable] add explanatory notes

those reports that have not been closed , to ensure that action is being taken to resolve the problem and to ensure that appropriate notes have been added to the descriptions of the problem reports to reflect the current status of the problem and the action being taken .
those reports that have not been closed , to ensure that action is being taken to resolve the problem and to ensure that [reasonable] notes have been added to the descriptions of the problem reports to reflect the current status of the problem and the action being taken .

If it works appropriate use of technologies and procedures will lead to success for any health plan .
if it works [reasonable] use of technologies and procedures will lead to success for any health plan .

The essential aims of the standing conference are to protect the public by promoting appropriate standards for training , research , education , and the practice of psychotherapy and to disseminate information .
the essential aims of the standing conference are to protect the public by promoting [reasonable] standards for training , research , education , and the practice of psychotherapy and to disseminate information .

The British Psychological Society advises : ‘ If a general practice wishes to appoint a counselling psychologist , who has specific competence in the psychology of counselling we recommend that only chartered psychologists with appropriate experience of counselling be appointed .
the british psychological society advises : ‘ if a general practice wishes to appoint a counselling psychologist , who has specific competence in the psychology of counselling we recommend that only chartered psychologists with [reasonable] experience of counselling be appointed .

Editor , — Ahilya Noone and colleagues point out the need for travellers to receive appropriate information on safer sexual behaviour .
editor , — ahilya noone and colleagues point out the need for travellers to receive [reasonable] information on safer sexual behaviour .

In addition , consultant firms are no longer appropriate in many settings and a team based approach will often result in better care for patients and improved experience for juniors , who will be sufficiently awake to benefit from the ‘ apprenticeship method of transmitting skills and knowledge ’ that Field advocates .
in addition , consultant firms are no longer [reasonable] in many settings and a team based approach will often result in better care for patients and improved experience for juniors , who will be sufficiently awake to benefit from the ‘ apprenticeship method of transmitting skills and knowledge ’ that field advocates .

Where a rota system remains the most appropriate form of out of hours cover a consultant may have to be directly on call to an experienced senior house officer .
where a rota system remains the most [reasonable] form of out of hours cover a consultant may have to be directly on call to an experienced senior house officer .

It refers to an ability to identify patterns or relationships in information and events ( inductive reasoning ) and to convey the meaning by developing a framework using appropriate metaphors and analogies .
it refers to an ability to identify patterns or relationships in information and events ( inductive reasoning ) and to convey the meaning by developing a framework using [reasonable] metaphors and analogies .

This may be appropriate , not only because hospital beds are usually expensive but also because most people prefer to be looked after in the community .
this may be [reasonable] , not only because hospital beds are usually expensive but also because most people prefer to be looked after in the community .

Where normality for each group separately was found to be appropriate by using probability plots a two sample t test was used to compare the mean values of each variable of interest between the regulated and random groups .
where normality for each group separately was found to be [reasonable] by using probability plots a two sample t test was used to compare the mean values of each variable of interest between the regulated and random groups .

At each step variables were available for inclusion or exclusion as appropriate .
at each step variables were available for inclusion or exclusion as [reasonable] .

Checks on the final model included residual plots , probability plots of residuals , and formal tests of equality of slopes for the two groups where appropriate .
checks on the final model included residual plots , probability plots of residuals , and formal tests of equality of slopes for the two groups where [reasonable] .

Biased measurements were avoided by appropriate blinding and automated blood pressure measurements .
biased measurements were avoided by [reasonable] blinding and automated blood pressure measurements .

If microalbuminuria is an appropriate surrogate end point that could replace glomerular filtration rate changes in clinical trials , one can anticipate that enalapril will protect glomerular filtration rate better than hydrochlorothiazide in the long term .
if microalbuminuria is an [reasonable] surrogate end point that could replace glomerular filtration rate changes in clinical trials , one can anticipate that enalapril will protect glomerular filtration rate better than hydrochlorothiazide in the long term .

This is an enormous challenge for family health services authorities , which should , together with the regional health authority , develop a local strategy for research and development activity in primary care and establish targets for appropriate spending .
this is an enormous challenge for family health services authorities , which should , together with the regional health authority , develop a local strategy for research and development activity in primary care and establish targets for [reasonable] spending .

The multidisciplinary nature of primary health care must be appreciated and appropriate research developed to include , for example , community dental practitioners , optometrists , community nurses , pharmacists , physiotherapists , and health educationalists .
the multidisciplinary nature of primary health care must be appreciated and [reasonable] research developed to include , for example , community dental practitioners , optometrists , community nurses , pharmacists , physiotherapists , and health educationalists .

Each change request will be reviewed by the Development Manager who will assess the implications and scope of the change , and recommend an appropriate course of action .
each change request will be reviewed by the development manager who will assess the implications and scope of the change , and recommend an [reasonable] course of action .

provide any documentation which will clarify the requirements , and , if appropriate , add explanatory notes
provide any documentation which will clarify the requirements , and , if [reasonable] , add explanatory notes

enter the appropriate tracking dates on the Changes Log , and mark as ‘ rejected ’ those changes which have been rejected .
enter the [reasonable] tracking dates on the changes log , and mark as ‘ rejected ’ those changes which have been rejected .

for approval changes , retain the original Change Request and Change Review Forms , and file them in the binder containing the appropriate documentation .
for approval changes , retain the original change request and change review forms , and file them in the binder containing the [reasonable] documentation .

note on the agenda and the appropriate Change Review Forms , the proposed changes whose rejection would be contentious
note on the agenda and the [reasonable] change review forms , the proposed changes whose rejection would be contentious

He also has the responsibility of deciding the appropriate action for changes where rejection would be contentious .
he also has the responsibility of deciding the [reasonable] action for changes where rejection would be contentious .

take appropriate action on changes whose rejection would be contentious
take [reasonable] action on changes whose rejection would be contentious

The Development Manager will allocate the work to an appropriate member of the development team .
the development manager will allocate the work to an [reasonable] member of the development team .

Carter , accordingly , seemed to believe that if he studied the energy problem in sufficient detail and drew on the views of the appropriate experts his administration could develop an adequate policy .
carter , accordingly , seemed to believe that if he studied the energy problem in sufficient detail and drew on the views of the [reasonable] experts his administration could develop an adequate policy .

By the 1960s parties in California had relatively little to do with campaigning : The state of California in the 1960s thus offered a singularly appropriate training ground for an aspirant national politician .
by the 1960s parties in california had relatively little to do with campaigning : the state of california in the 1960s thus offered a singularly [reasonable] training ground for an aspirant national politician .

To be sure , he lacked the background appropriate to a british prime minister and even in American terms his credentials were open to question .
to be sure , he lacked the background [reasonable] to a british prime minister and even in american terms his credentials were open to question .

Clearly , spectroscopic methods based on femtosecond pulses are an appropriate way to observe the unstable dissociating ( or transition ) states that exist fleetingly as the molecules fall apart .
clearly , spectroscopic methods based on femtosecond pulses are an [reasonable] way to observe the unstable dissociating ( or transition ) states that exist fleetingly as the molecules fall apart .

The first third of the book ( three chapters ) is an ambitious and generally successful attempt to explain , at a level appropriate to the educated nonscientist , how computational science works , specifically how the continuum ( or quantum mechanical ) equations that describe physical reality can be accurately approximated by discrete computational techniques such as finite difference , finite element , Monte Carlo or N-body particle models .
the first third of the book ( three chapters ) is an ambitious and generally successful attempt to explain , at a level [reasonable] to the educated nonscientist , how computational science works , specifically how the continuum ( or quantum mechanical ) equations that describe physical reality can be accurately approximated by discrete computational techniques such as finite difference , finite element , monte carlo or n-body particle models .

The challenge is to identify at an early stage those who are most at risk of developing serious complications so that appropriate treatment may be given .
the challenge is to identify at an early stage those who are most at risk of developing serious complications so that [reasonable] treatment may be given .

On the one hand , the most obviously appropriate analyses of the incidences are comparisons of Seascale with the rest of Copeland plus Allerdale and of each of these areas with the rest of Cumbria , but such comparisons are based on comparatively small numbers .
on the one hand , the most obviously [reasonable] analyses of the incidences are comparisons of seascale with the rest of copeland plus allerdale and of each of these areas with the rest of cumbria , but such comparisons are based on comparatively small numbers .

Independence in activities of daily living ; identity of requirements for assessing communication disorders ; appropriate provision of services and allowances .
independence in activities of daily living ; identity of requirements for assessing communication disorders ; [reasonable] provision of services and allowances .

Need has been variously defined , but in this study needs were deemed to be unmet if interventions were acceptable to the client and the following applied : ( a ) for activities of daily living a person was dependent on help from the carer and this dependence could be reversed by provision of an aid ; ( b ) for communication disorders there had not been an assessment by a speech therapist ; ( c ) for services ( day care , respite care ) a referral had not been made to the appropriate agency and subsequent referral proved successful ; and ( d ) for benefits the client or carer was unaware of eligibility for benefits , an application had not been made , and subsequent application was successful .
need has been variously defined , but in this study needs were deemed to be unmet if interventions were acceptable to the client and the following applied : ( a ) for activities of daily living a person was dependent on help from the carer and this dependence could be reversed by provision of an aid ; ( b ) for communication disorders there had not been an assessment by a speech therapist ; ( c ) for services ( day care , respite care ) a referral had not been made to the [reasonable] agency and subsequent referral proved successful ; and ( d ) for benefits the client or carer was unaware of eligibility for benefits , an application had not been made , and subsequent application was successful .

Since one main aim of the interventions was to delay the onset of smoking , never smoking was considered an appropriate primary indicator given the age of the pupils at baseline ( relatively few were current smokers or had previously experimented with smoking ) .
since one main aim of the interventions was to delay the onset of smoking , never smoking was considered an [reasonable] primary indicator given the age of the pupils at baseline ( relatively few were current smokers or had previously experimented with smoking ) .

The narrow range of referral rates after the guidelines for six of the seven zones ( 69.2–81.9/1000 registered patients ) suggests an appropriate target referral rate of below 75/1000 registered patients a year .
the narrow range of referral rates after the guidelines for six of the seven zones ( 69.2–81.9/1000 registered patients ) suggests an [reasonable] target referral rate of below 75/1000 registered patients a year .

Many general practitioners still need to be convinced that their views will be listened to and where appropriate acted on .
many general practitioners still need to be convinced that their views will be listened to and where [reasonable] acted on .

However , this may not be the most appropriate frame of reference for general practitioners for whom purchasing primary and community care may be much more relevant on a day to day basis .
however , this may not be the most [reasonable] frame of reference for general practitioners for whom purchasing primary and community care may be much more relevant on a day to day basis .

Many authorities are widening the scope of discussion with general practitioners to develop appropriate means of local involvement .
many authorities are widening the scope of discussion with general practitioners to develop [reasonable] means of local involvement .

It is clear that general practitioners have the potential to be able contributors to the discussion of what needs to be purchased and where , although the mechanisms by which this is achieved need a variety of well thought out and appropriate structures .
it is clear that general practitioners have the potential to be able contributors to the discussion of what needs to be purchased and where , although the mechanisms by which this is achieved need a variety of well thought out and [reasonable] structures .

People should receive a very clear statement of their financial position , together with the services of a financial advisor if appropriate .
people should receive a very clear statement of their financial position , together with the services of a financial advisor if [reasonable] .

The choice of a forester — also made by the author of a thirteenth-century Flemish genealogy — is interesting : the word itself was a new one , having no classical or late-antique Latin form ; perhaps its associations with hunting and riding made it particularly appropriate for a family renowned for its martial skills .
the choice of a forester — also made by the author of a thirteenth-century flemish genealogy — is interesting : the word itself was a new one , having no classical or late-antique latin form ; perhaps its associations with hunting and riding made it particularly [reasonable] for a family renowned for its martial skills .

If necessary the form should be completed with any appropriate comments .
if necessary the form should be completed with any [reasonable] comments .

If necessary the form should be completed with any appropriate comments .
if necessary the form should be completed with any [reasonable] comments .

While coercion may have been appropriate enough before 1945 , the plurality of power in a representative system makes it inappropriate thereafter .
while coercion may have been [reasonable] enough before 1945 , the plurality of power in a representative system makes it inappropriate thereafter .

The system should record the resources used during each terminal session , so that the utilization of the operation can be monitored and appropriate actions taken to prevent resource shortages from becoming a problem .
the system should record the resources used during each terminal session , so that the utilization of the operation can be monitored and [reasonable] actions taken to prevent resource shortages from becoming a problem .

Whenever a new entry is created a row is inserted in this table and whenever an entry is discarded the appropriate row is deleted and a new row inserted in the Redundant Lemma table .
whenever a new entry is created a row is inserted in this table and whenever an entry is discarded the [reasonable] row is deleted and a new row inserted in the redundant lemma table .

The system determines how many groups are active at the appropriate level for the appropriate table in the Working-Set to which the entries are being transferred , and allocates entries on a roughly equal basis .
the system determines how many groups are active at the [reasonable] level for the [reasonable] table in the working-set to which the entries are being transferred , and allocates entries on a roughly equal basis .

This table contains the text of system error messages and is accessed by the appropriate error code .
this table contains the text of system error messages and is accessed by the [reasonable] error code .

Primary processes will be triggered by lexicographer request at appropriate notice .
primary processes will be triggered by lexicographer request at [reasonable] notice .

When ownership is transferred the system resets the status flag to appropriate values and members of this group need only examine those entries flagged for attention .
when ownership is transferred the system resets the status flag to [reasonable] values and members of this group need only examine those entries flagged for attention .

Should the lexicographers wish to proof ranges of dictionary text before approving it , a request may be made to the Computer Group using an appropriate control document .
should the lexicographers wish to proof ranges of dictionary text before approving it , a request may be made to the computer group using an [reasonable] control document .

The right to access the system databases depends on the appropriate authority being granted by the database administrator .
the right to access the system databases depends on the [reasonable] authority being granted by the database administrator .

Details of the problem will be logged by the Help Desk Staff who will then contact the appropriate agency .
details of the problem will be logged by the help desk staff who will then contact the [reasonable] agency .

He will be able to handle a wider range of options with only mnemonic guidance — for him the minimum number of key-strokes for program control is appropriate .
he will be able to handle a wider range of options with only mnemonic guidance — for him the minimum number of key-strokes for program control is [reasonable] .

However , it is important for the designer to be aware of the nature and extent of the possibilities that are in principle available so that he may be able to exploit some of them when it seems appropriate .
however , it is important for the designer to be aware of the nature and extent of the possibilities that are in principle available so that he may be able to exploit some of them when it seems [reasonable] .

Each of these suggests appropriate modifications to the unit — perhaps along the lines given in the right-hand column above .
each of these suggests [reasonable] modifications to the unit — perhaps along the lines given in the right-hand column above .

She pestered the appropriate officer , several times a day over a period of three weeks .
she pestered the [reasonable] officer , several times a day over a period of three weeks .

No less optimistic was Harvard 's attitude that employees should maintain the standards of dress appropriate in any `` City `` firm .
no less optimistic was harvard 's attitude that employees should maintain the standards of dress [reasonable] in any `` city `` firm .

The word length for the store of a particular computer is chosen to hold a maximal numeric value or number of characters appropriate to the application area and cost to which the computer is designed .
the word length for the store of a particular computer is chosen to hold a maximal numeric value or number of characters [reasonable] to the application area and cost to which the computer is designed .

As with the data manipulation unit , these units are able to carry out any one of an appropriate set of operations when signalled by the control unit ; for example , to read a digit punched on paper tape and store it in a specified store location or to retrieve a digit from a specified store location and print it on an electric typewriter .
as with the data manipulation unit , these units are able to carry out any one of an [reasonable] set of operations when signalled by the control unit ; for example , to read a digit punched on paper tape and store it in a specified store location or to retrieve a digit from a specified store location and print it on an electric typewriter .

It does this by initiating the transfer of data between units , and by sending appropriate control signals , in accordance with a schedule or program of instructions .
it does this by initiating the transfer of data between units , and by sending [reasonable] control signals , in accordance with a schedule or program of instructions .

In Chapter 2 we consider the formats in which data might be held for manipulation by the computer , and the types of operations appropriate to each format .
in chapter 2 we consider the formats in which data might be held for manipulation by the computer , and the types of operations [reasonable] to each format .

( e ) Negate the contents of the accumulator in accordance with the appropriate method of representing negative numbers .
( e ) negate the contents of the accumulator in accordance with the [reasonable] method of representing negative numbers .

Since we are considering a binary computer , multiplication and division of the contents of the accumulator by a power of two can be accomplished by shifting the contents to the left or right an appropriate number of positions .
since we are considering a binary computer , multiplication and division of the contents of the accumulator by a power of two can be accomplished by shifting the contents to the left or right an [reasonable] number of positions .

Whatever the method of representing negative numbers , most computers provide the appropriate arithmetic shifts to preserve the numerical validity of the shifted results .
whatever the method of representing negative numbers , most computers provide the [reasonable] arithmetic shifts to preserve the numerical validity of the shifted results .

The programmer usually requires an n-bit result after multiplication , so an appropriate portion of the product must be extracted for further processing ; with the above ( integral ) convention , the right-hand n bits would be taken .
the programmer usually requires an n-bit result after multiplication , so an [reasonable] portion of the product must be extracted for further processing ; with the above ( integral ) convention , the right-hand n bits would be taken .

In the previous section we mentioned that the programmer using fixed-point binary format could consider the binary point to be at an appropriate position in the word for each item of data .
in the previous section we mentioned that the programmer using fixed-point binary format could consider the binary point to be at an [reasonable] position in the word for each item of data .

If the floating-point accumulator is separate from the fixed-point accumulator , then there will be appropriate load and store instructions ; otherwise the fixed-point load and store instructions are used .
if the floating-point accumulator is separate from the fixed-point accumulator , then there will be [reasonable] load and store instructions ; otherwise the fixed-point load and store instructions are used .

199–201 ) that testing for floating.point zero is not appropriate , and that a more suitable test would be for any value in a small range about zero , the size of which could be set by the programmer .
199–201 ) that testing for floating.point zero is not [reasonable] , and that a more suitable test would be for any value in a small range about zero , the size of which could be set by the programmer .

Some computers provide both logical and circular shifts , together with the appropriate arithmetic shifts .
some computers provide both logical and circular shifts , together with the [reasonable] arithmetic shifts .

The first method is appropriate if large amounts of calculation are to be performed on the input data , since the cost of conversion is more than out-weighed by the increased speed and compactness of binary arithmetic .
the first method is [reasonable] if large amounts of calculation are to be performed on the input data , since the cost of conversion is more than out-weighed by the increased speed and compactness of binary arithmetic .

The second method is appropriate when only a small number of arithmetic operations are to be performed on each of a large number of initial items of data .
the second method is [reasonable] when only a small number of arithmetic operations are to be performed on each of a large number of initial items of data .

Show how this can be used ( with a jump table ) to cause entry to the appropriate subroutine in the above situation .
show how this can be used ( with a jump table ) to cause entry to the [reasonable] subroutine in the above situation .

Thus single-length elements require no manipulation ; double-length elements require the index quantity to be shifted one bit position left before adding to the vector base address ; half-length elements require a right shift , with the bit shifted out used to select the appropriate half-word .
thus single-length elements require no manipulation ; double-length elements require the index quantity to be shifted one bit position left before adding to the vector base address ; half-length elements require a right shift , with the bit shifted out used to select the [reasonable] half-word .

The return to the calling routine is by a jump using an address indexed by the appropriate index register .
the return to the calling routine is by a jump using an address indexed by the [reasonable] index register .

Suppose a computer has an array of accumulators ( with the appropriate instructions ) , and accumulator zero is the computer 's program counter .
suppose a computer has an array of accumulators ( with the [reasonable] instructions ) , and accumulator zero is the computer 's program counter .

An input of primary linguistic data is necessary , of course , but , provided it contains a proportion of well-formed sentences appropriate to their situational context , the precise form of the input does not significantly affect the course that learning takes .
an input of primary linguistic data is necessary , of course , but , provided it contains a proportion of well-formed sentences [reasonable] to their situational context , the precise form of the input does not significantly affect the course that learning takes .

As we have argued elsewhere ( Wells and Robinson , 1982 ) , however , this should not be taken as evidence against the facilitating effect of an input containing clear , well-formed examples of the target language at an appropriate level of complexity .
as we have argued elsewhere ( wells and robinson , 1982 ) , however , this should not be taken as evidence against the facilitating effect of an input containing clear , well-formed examples of the target language at an [reasonable] level of complexity .

It can be argued , it must be admitted , that when we come across one of these heterophonic homographs we generate all possible pronunciations before accessing the lexicon , and select the appropriate pronunciation on the basis of the derived meaning .
it can be argued , it must be admitted , that when we come across one of these heterophonic homographs we generate all possible pronunciations before accessing the lexicon , and select the [reasonable] pronunciation on the basis of the derived meaning .

Such errors may result from a failure to identify the appropriate grapheme ( e.g .
such errors may result from a failure to identify the [reasonable] grapheme ( e.g .

, `` whose `` `` hows `` , and `` straight `` `` strat `` ) , or a failure to segment the appropriate phoneme correctly ( e.g .
, `` whose `` `` hows `` , and `` straight `` `` strat `` ) , or a failure to segment the [reasonable] phoneme correctly ( e.g .

Is cloze procedure an appropriate measure of comprehension ?
is cloze procedure an [reasonable] measure of comprehension ?

These schemata are stored away , and produced when appropriate .
these schemata are stored away , and produced when [reasonable] .

What this study showed was the importance of activating the appropriate schemata .
what this study showed was the importance of activating the [reasonable] schemata .

question is not appropriate ?
question is not [reasonable] ?

Initiating situations involving reading aloud to others merits consideration , especially as the tape-recorder gives opportunity for storing what has been read for transmission at an appropriate time .
initiating situations involving reading aloud to others merits consideration , especially as the tape-recorder gives opportunity for storing what has been read for transmission at an [reasonable] time .

The second stage is that of actually finding the information in whatever sources are appropriate .
the second stage is that of actually finding the information in whatever sources are [reasonable] .

Their task was simple ; they would entice a given target with their charms or education , whichever was appropriate , holding out the possibility of a night together .
their task was simple ; they would entice a given target with their charms or education , whichever was [reasonable] , holding out the possibility of a night together .

Then , assertions of the above type will certainly be far from `` obvious `` , since we will lack the appropriate `` experience `` .
then , assertions of the above type will certainly be far from `` obvious `` , since we will lack the [reasonable] `` experience `` .

Here the values of are exhibited at the intersection of the row and the column in the appropriate table .
here the values of are exhibited at the intersection of the row and the column in the [reasonable] table .

Or do some represent a kind of verbal hijacking — an attempt to appropriate a term which does not properly or honestly belong in that context at all ?
or do some represent a kind of verbal hijacking — an attempt to [reasonable] a term which does not properly or honestly belong in that context at all ?

Luther held that it was `` better to obey a prince doing wrong than a people doing right `` , and he drew a sharp distinction between things spiritual and things temporal ; between the rules and values appropriate to the inner life of the soul and those appropriate to life in the fallen and sinful external world . ``
luther held that it was `` better to obey a prince doing wrong than a people doing right `` , and he drew a sharp distinction between things spiritual and things temporal ; between the rules and values [reasonable] to the inner life of the soul and those [reasonable] to life in the fallen and sinful external world . ``

Elections are carried out at grass-roots assemblies , directed by members of the local Popular Militias … Anyone at the assembly can nominate a person or persona whom they consider most appropriate to take on certain responsibilities .
elections are carried out at grass-roots assemblies , directed by members of the local popular militias … anyone at the assembly can nominate a person or persona whom they consider most [reasonable] to take on certain responsibilities .

Other mechanisms ensure the appropriate orientation of the insect during flight .
other mechanisms ensure the [reasonable] orientation of the insect during flight .

appropriate practical work ;
[reasonable] practical work ;

By contrast , Cockcroft stated ( para 450 ) that the development of the mathematics curriculum for lower attaining pupils should be `` from the bottom upwards `` by considering the range of work which is appropriate for lower-attaining pupils and extending this range as the level of attainment of pupils increases .
by contrast , cockcroft stated ( para 450 ) that the development of the mathematics curriculum for lower attaining pupils should be `` from the bottom upwards `` by considering the range of work which is [reasonable] for lower-attaining pupils and extending this range as the level of attainment of pupils increases .

Modes of assessment noted in some of the schemes for lower attainers which were appropriate to a Cockcroft type curriculum , had a wide variety of interpretation .
modes of assessment noted in some of the schemes for lower attainers which were [reasonable] to a cockcroft type curriculum , had a wide variety of interpretation .

The criteria may offer guidelines as to standards appropriate to grade levels and may in addition at any grade level be split into separate features of the mathematical investigation , leading to a set of marks or grades which then have to be aggregated in some way .
the criteria may offer guidelines as to standards [reasonable] to grade levels and may in addition at any grade level be split into separate features of the mathematical investigation , leading to a set of marks or grades which then have to be aggregated in some way .

In most instances the contexts were thought to be appropriate to pupils in schools in different locations .
in most instances the contexts were thought to be [reasonable] to pupils in schools in different locations .

Results for some of the practical circus items are included as appropriate .
results for some of the practical circus items are included as [reasonable] .

Be able to select from the calculator display the number of figures which is appropriate to the context of the calculation .
be able to select from the calculator display the number of figures which is [reasonable] to the context of the calculation .

There are several questions which may require pupils to select appropriate numbers from the calculator display after an operation has been carried out .
there are several questions which may require pupils to select [reasonable] numbers from the calculator display after an operation has been carried out .

Emphasis should be placed on mental calculation where appropriate and on the use of both digital and traditional `` clock `` display .
emphasis should be placed on mental calculation where [reasonable] and on the use of both digital and traditional `` clock `` display .

Measure length , Weight and capacity Using appropriate metric Units .
measure length , weight and capacity using [reasonable] metric units .

The practical tests included : measuring a door to select a replacement ; measuring a table to select an appropriately sized tablecloth ; measuring photographs to select appropriate frames .
the practical tests included : measuring a door to select a replacement ; measuring a table to select an appropriately sized tablecloth ; measuring photographs to select [reasonable] frames .

For three of the shapes the appropriate name was provided by around three-quarters of the bottom third pupils and by nearly all the top third .
for three of the shapes the [reasonable] name was provided by around three-quarters of the bottom third pupils and by nearly all the top third .

For some pupils it will not be appropriate to attempt detailed calculation .
for some pupils it will not be [reasonable] to attempt detailed calculation .

There are occasions when teachers would want detailed feedback for diagnostic purposes or to evaluate their teaching , but an assessment scheme which is tightly based on a large number of criteria would compel teachers to work to them even when it might not be appropriate to do so .
there are occasions when teachers would want detailed feedback for diagnostic purposes or to evaluate their teaching , but an assessment scheme which is tightly based on a large number of criteria would compel teachers to work to them even when it might not be [reasonable] to do so .

41–102 ) , trials of appropriate test items were carried out in order to ascertain how difficult pupils found the items .
41–102 ) , trials of [reasonable] test items were carried out in order to ascertain how difficult pupils found the items .

The pupil can : 2a associate appropriate units with the quantity to be measured ; 2b relate units for the same measure to each other ; 2c relate a given unit to an everyday object with a sensible numerical value .
the pupil can : 2a associate [reasonable] units with the quantity to be measured ; 2b relate units for the same measure to each other ; 2c relate a given unit to an everyday object with a sensible numerical value .

3a The pupil can make an estimate of a measurement to an appropriate degree of accuracy : i ) in a given measure ; ii ) after selecting an appropriate measure .
3a the pupil can make an estimate of a measurement to an [reasonable] degree of accuracy : i ) in a given measure ; ii ) after selecting an [reasonable] measure .

The pupil can : 4a choose an appropriate instrument ; 4b make a measurement within the usual range of the instrument to an appropriate level of accuracy ; 4c make a measurement outside the usual range of the instrument to an appropriate level of accuracy .
the pupil can : 4a choose an [reasonable] instrument ; 4b make a measurement within the usual range of the instrument to an [reasonable] level of accuracy ; 4c make a measurement outside the usual range of the instrument to an [reasonable] level of accuracy .

The pupil can associate appropriate units with the quantity to be measured .
the pupil can associate [reasonable] units with the quantity to be measured .

The word `` appropriate `` in this criterion statement is one of the vague words frequently utilized in criterion statements .
the word `` [reasonable] `` in this criterion statement is one of the vague words frequently utilized in criterion statements .

In what sense are units `` appropriate `` or `` suitable `` ?
in what sense are units `` [reasonable] `` or `` suitable `` ?

It is often necessary to confine answers to either metric ( Example 95 ) or Imperial ( Example 96 ) units as appropriate .
it is often necessary to confine answers to either metric ( example 95 ) or imperial ( example 96 ) units as [reasonable] .

This is in contrast with questions on criterion 2a : association of appropriate units with a length to be measured .
this is in contrast with questions on criterion 2a : association of [reasonable] units with a length to be measured .

The pupil can make a measurement within the usual range ( 4b ) or outside the usual range ( 4c ) of the instrument to an appropriate level of accuracy .
the pupil can make a measurement within the usual range ( 4b ) or outside the usual range ( 4c ) of the instrument to an [reasonable] level of accuracy .

This could be a context in which vocabulary could be learned , and the criteria for performance might read : can give examples of rotation , and translation in everyday situations can state appropriate measures for rotation and translation .
this could be a context in which vocabulary could be learned , and the criteria for performance might read : can give examples of rotation , and translation in everyday situations can state [reasonable] measures for rotation and translation .

Whether it is possible ( or appropriate ) to work out a comprehensive set of criteria for processes such as generalization is an issue which will not be settled until there is a good deal more experience with process criteria in the classroom .
whether it is possible ( or [reasonable] ) to work out a comprehensive set of criteria for processes such as generalization is an issue which will not be settled until there is a good deal more experience with process criteria in the classroom .

So far , there has been no review of the way in which the British procedures operate and what the consequences are should a pupil be wrongly failed at a particular level which employers may come to accept as appropriate for some jobs .
so far , there has been no review of the way in which the british procedures operate and what the consequences are should a pupil be wrongly failed at a particular level which employers may come to accept as [reasonable] for some jobs .

It has a pallor not only appropriate to her imagery but necessary to it .
it has a pallor not only [reasonable] to her imagery but necessary to it .

Yet it has proved necessary to attempt this task to determine the appropriate checks and balances in the system .
yet it has proved necessary to attempt this task to determine the [reasonable] checks and balances in the system .

The House of Lords decided that the affidavit was not conclusive and that , where appropriate , it had the power to inspect the documents in private and decide whether to accept the claim .
the house of lords decided that the affidavit was not conclusive and that , where [reasonable] , it had the power to inspect the documents in private and decide whether to accept the claim .

All Commonwealth citizens and citizens of the Republic of Ireland are entitled to vote if they are 18 , are resident in a parliamentary constituency on the qualifying date , and are not subject to any legal incapacity and appear in the appropriate register of electors .
all commonwealth citizens and citizens of the republic of ireland are entitled to vote if they are 18 , are resident in a parliamentary constituency on the qualifying date , and are not subject to any legal incapacity and appear in the [reasonable] register of electors .

The content and policy of the Bill must be approved by the appropriate cabinet committee and then by the full Cabinet .
the content and policy of the bill must be approved by the [reasonable] cabinet committee and then by the full cabinet .

Committees are beginning to time their reports to correspond with appropriate business , such as legislation or a planned debate and this ensures greater coverage of their report .
committees are beginning to time their reports to correspond with [reasonable] business , such as legislation or a planned debate and this ensures greater coverage of their report .

Applications must be made to a circuit judge , who can issue the warrant by virtue of section 9 and Schedule 1 if he is satisfied that it would have been appropriate to issue a warrant prior to the Act .
applications must be made to a circuit judge , who can issue the warrant by virtue of section 9 and schedule 1 if he is satisfied that it would have been [reasonable] to issue a warrant prior to the act .

This would appear to legitimise his interference in operational matters in appropriate cases .
this would appear to legitimise his interference in operational matters in [reasonable] cases .

The magnitude of excursion of the mirror was read aloud by a second observer ( watching the projected light ) to an assistant who wrote on the drum next to the appropriate signal .
the magnitude of excursion of the mirror was read aloud by a second observer ( watching the projected light ) to an assistant who wrote on the drum next to the [reasonable] signal .

In the modern world the reasons for wanting to remember dreams have changed — nobody believes any more that an appropriate dream will cure physical illness , or perhaps predict the future .
in the modern world the reasons for wanting to remember dreams have changed — nobody believes any more that an [reasonable] dream will cure physical illness , or perhaps predict the future .

Hathor 's drunkenness was clearly beneficial to men and Re ordered that henceforth festivals honouring Hathor should include drink , an appropriate provision for a goddess usually presiding over music , dancing and love .
hathor 's drunkenness was clearly beneficial to men and re ordered that henceforth festivals honouring hathor should include drink , an [reasonable] provision for a goddess usually presiding over music , dancing and love .

When appropriate , it is gently suggested to the organisers that they should themselves donate an agreed percentage of their takings to my chosen charity for the year .
when [reasonable] , it is gently suggested to the organisers that they should themselves donate an agreed percentage of their takings to my chosen charity for the year .

Polypropylene cages with stainless steel grid lids and solid bases are the most common type but if , for example , cages are to be autoclaved regularly , metal cages may be more appropriate .
polypropylene cages with stainless steel grid lids and solid bases are the most common type but if , for example , cages are to be autoclaved regularly , metal cages may be more [reasonable] .

Pool pairs of cells that have divided within a chosen time interval and culture until they attain the appropriate age .
pool pairs of cells that have divided within a chosen time interval and culture until they attain the [reasonable] age .

( ii ) Disaggregate embryos ( up to early blastocysts ) or cell clumps in calcium-free media or 0.9% sodium citrate , air dry , fix with 70% ethanol and count the nuclei using a fluorescent microscope equipped with appropriate light source and filters .
( ii ) disaggregate embryos ( up to early blastocysts ) or cell clumps in calcium-free media or 0.9% sodium citrate , air dry , fix with 70% ethanol and count the nuclei using a fluorescent microscope equipped with [reasonable] light source and filters .

The appropriate percentage of oxygen in the gas phase at different developmental stages is shown in Figure 6 .
the [reasonable] percentage of oxygen in the gas phase at different developmental stages is shown in figure 6 .

Straight holding and in vitro injection pipettes are appropriate for manipulations carried out in a manipulation chamber .
straight holding and in vitro injection pipettes are [reasonable] for manipulations carried out in a manipulation chamber .

These are the front men and women who deal with the client at appropriate levels of seniority , interpreting the client 's wishes to the agency and the agency 's solutions to the client .
these are the front men and women who deal with the client at [reasonable] levels of seniority , interpreting the client 's wishes to the agency and the agency 's solutions to the client .

The medium through which you send your message must be appropriate , whether that medium is television , radio , newspaper , or posters .
the medium through which you send your message must be [reasonable] , whether that medium is television , radio , newspaper , or posters .

Appropriate action must take place at once — you are dealing with realities , not wish-fulfilment , so you should be able to be sympathetic but firm .
[reasonable] action must take place at once — you are dealing with realities , not wish-fulfilment , so you should be able to be sympathetic but firm .

What it will do is to identify those kinds of misspelling that most pupils are likely to make : appropriate teaching at this stage helps to avoid remedial teaching later .
what it will do is to identify those kinds of misspelling that most pupils are likely to make : [reasonable] teaching at this stage helps to avoid remedial teaching later .

In other words , she may find it difficult to relate sequences of letters to their appropriate pronunciation .
in other words , she may find it difficult to relate sequences of letters to their [reasonable] pronunciation .

Phonics involves making the appropriate noises for particular symbols : it is , by definition , about reading aloud , or about finding out what a word is by saying it .
phonics involves making the [reasonable] noises for particular symbols : it is , by definition , about reading aloud , or about finding out what a word is by saying it .

The child has to learn which particular spelling is appropriate , and that gn and kn are just as much symbols which represent one sound as k or d .
the child has to learn which particular spelling is [reasonable] , and that gn and kn are just as much symbols which represent one sound as k or d .

After assessment of the patient 's needs , an appropriate member of the nursing team is allocated to care for him .
after assessment of the patient 's needs , an [reasonable] member of the nursing team is allocated to care for him .

To inform senior nursing staff and/or appropriate departments about risks ( e.g .
to inform senior nursing staff and/or [reasonable] departments about risks ( e.g .

Pain experienced by the patient should be assessed regularly and analgesia given as appropriate , in particular prior to physiotherapy so that the patient feels comfortable enough to cough and breathe deeply , thus ensuring the maximum effect from physiotherapy .
pain experienced by the patient should be assessed regularly and analgesia given as [reasonable] , in particular prior to physiotherapy so that the patient feels comfortable enough to cough and breathe deeply , thus ensuring the maximum effect from physiotherapy .

This funding was dispersed by adding appropriate sums to the School Library Service allocations , where they were " spent " by schools submitting orders to their Divisional Library Resource Centres in the usual way .
this funding was dispersed by adding [reasonable] sums to the school library service allocations , where they were " spent " by schools submitting orders to their divisional library resource centres in the usual way .

To this end an Inservice Panel was created with the task of planning and organising appropriate activities and synchronising these with the county 's existing inservice programme .
to this end an inservice panel was created with the task of planning and organising [reasonable] activities and synchronising these with the county 's existing inservice programme .

However , the team considered that some independent assessment was desirable and appropriate where a project of this magnitude was involved .
however , the team considered that some independent assessment was desirable and [reasonable] where a project of this magnitude was involved .

The research further aims to establish some examples of " good practice " in respect both of the planning and implementation of such schemes by appropriate authorities , and the development of library services within secondary schools …
the research further aims to establish some examples of " good practice " in respect both of the planning and implementation of such schemes by [reasonable] authorities , and the development of library services within secondary schools …

As the interview progressed , we simply ignored , varied , developed or substituted questions as appropriate .
as the interview progressed , we simply ignored , varied , developed or substituted questions as [reasonable] .

( b ) to receive recommendations from appropriate persons , including Area Education Officers , County Inspectorate and ( predominantly ) County Library staff ( DCSLs )
( b ) to receive recommendations from [reasonable] persons , including area education officers , county inspectorate and ( predominantly ) county library staff ( dcsls )

( e ) to make initial contact with schools selected and follow up as appropriate
( e ) to make initial contact with schools selected and follow up as [reasonable]

Proposals typically contained statements of commitment to the development of the individual child , acknowledgement of the central position of the library and its resources in the curriculum provision of the school , and a willingness to establish an appropriate administrative and physical infrastructure for the successful implementation of the project .
proposals typically contained statements of commitment to the development of the individual child , acknowledgement of the central position of the library and its resources in the curriculum provision of the school , and a willingness to establish an [reasonable] administrative and physical infrastructure for the successful implementation of the project .

The schools selected varied substantially in their degree of consensus about the concept of education and the pedagogy appropriate to it , and about the form which the project-related curriculum development was to take .
the schools selected varied substantially in their degree of consensus about the concept of education and the pedagogy [reasonable] to it , and about the form which the project-related curriculum development was to take .

The first of these was to look at the school with a wider concept of resources than that with which the library project was concerned , and the second was to feed into the library committee a relatively independent group 's view of appropriate resource proposals .
the first of these was to look at the school with a wider concept of resources than that with which the library project was concerned , and the second was to feed into the library committee a relatively independent group 's view of [reasonable] resource proposals .

To develop a programme of study skills appropriate to each pupil and geared to fit the changing study needs throughout their school career .
to develop a programme of study skills [reasonable] to each pupil and geared to fit the changing study needs throughout their school career .

We may imagine a measure of disappointment when these requests were vetoed by the committee , and it is clear that some re-education of staff must have been necessary in arriving at appropriate submissions .
we may imagine a measure of disappointment when these requests were vetoed by the committee , and it is clear that some re-education of staff must have been necessary in arriving at [reasonable] submissions .

The penultimate chapter in this book will be concerned with arriving at generalisations about the functioning and effectiveness of the project as a whole , but it is appropriate at this point to identify a number of interesting features of the Major Project as illustrated by these two schools , and to indicate some issues that require further thought .
the penultimate chapter in this book will be concerned with arriving at generalisations about the functioning and effectiveness of the project as a whole , but it is [reasonable] at this point to identify a number of interesting features of the major project as illustrated by these two schools , and to indicate some issues that require further thought .

Minor award schools were categorised as those which had already achieved some success in terms of library/resource awareness within the school , and appropriate developments in library provision , even though they might still be underfunded for meeting those aspirations .
minor award schools were categorised as those which had already achieved some success in terms of library/resource awareness within the school , and [reasonable] developments in library provision , even though they might still be underfunded for meeting those aspirations .

In all the schools studied , project awards were made in response to an appropriate set of circumstances and events .
in all the schools studied , project awards were made in response to an [reasonable] set of circumstances and events .

Thus , there was a commitment to more individualised learning and a more meaningful curriculum experience through pupil-centred and investigative learning methods , and to a more relevant and coordinated curriculum achievable through greater planning and , where appropriate , novel arrangements for the integration and synthesis of subjects .
thus , there was a commitment to more individualised learning and a more meaningful curriculum experience through pupil-centred and investigative learning methods , and to a more relevant and coordinated curriculum achievable through greater planning and , where [reasonable] , novel arrangements for the integration and synthesis of subjects .

That these are components of a broadly progressive approach to education embraced by the Coordinating Team is both unsurprising and perfectly appropriate .
that these are components of a broadly progressive approach to education embraced by the coordinating team is both unsurprising and perfectly [reasonable] .

The pursuit of such objectives required the establishment of appropriate structures for the coordination of the project as a whole , for the implementation of the project in each school , and for the planned provision of the inservice activities to which it was to lead .
the pursuit of such objectives required the establishment of [reasonable] structures for the coordination of the project as a whole , for the implementation of the project in each school , and for the planned provision of the inservice activities to which it was to lead .

The weak link in the structure is the Inservice Panel , not because such a committee is unnecessary but because the panel lacked a clarity of purpose , clear terms of reference and appropriate leadership .
the weak link in the structure is the inservice panel , not because such a committee is unnecessary but because the panel lacked a clarity of purpose , clear terms of reference and [reasonable] leadership .

Conversely , the Coordinating Team might well have found itself constrained to accept a proposal which met all the technical criteria yet for other reasons would not be deemed appropriate for project involvement .
conversely , the coordinating team might well have found itself constrained to accept a proposal which met all the technical criteria yet for other reasons would not be deemed [reasonable] for project involvement .

We conclude that a project such as this needs to strike the right balance between , on the one hand setting criteria and a code of practice which wills structure and direct developments in participating institutions , and , on the other , permitting each institution appropriate independence and room for initiative and discretion .
we conclude that a project such as this needs to strike the right balance between , on the one hand setting criteria and a code of practice which wills structure and direct developments in participating institutions , and , on the other , permitting each institution [reasonable] independence and room for initiative and discretion .

Of course , getting the books on the shelves is no great achievement if they are not then used in the appropriate ways by teachers and pupils .
of course , getting the books on the shelves is no great achievement if they are not then used in the [reasonable] ways by teachers and pupils .

Notwithstanding the inconclusiveness of our findings , some comments are appropriate if only to raise questions that deserve further consideration .
notwithstanding the inconclusiveness of our findings , some comments are [reasonable] if only to raise questions that deserve further consideration .

Rather than adopting a full-blooded process model in which the content of the curriculum might be indistinguishable from the activity of enquiry , schools have tended to see the teaching of a separate study skills course ( albeit sometimes under another name ) , which then facilitates the accessing of content for existing curriculum subjects , as the appropriate path to follow .
rather than adopting a full-blooded process model in which the content of the curriculum might be indistinguishable from the activity of enquiry , schools have tended to see the teaching of a separate study skills course ( albeit sometimes under another name ) , which then facilitates the accessing of content for existing curriculum subjects , as the [reasonable] path to follow .

It is our view that a lack of consensus about the nature of study skills and their appropriate organisation and delivery has characterised the project from beginning to end .
it is our view that a lack of consensus about the nature of study skills and their [reasonable] organisation and delivery has characterised the project from beginning to end .

The project has caused schools to give priority consideration to their libraries , to invest their own time , resources , and energy in bringing their institution to the threshold of project involvement , to establish appropriate committees , and to undertake the difficult business of planning and producing a proposal .
the project has caused schools to give priority consideration to their libraries , to invest their own time , resources , and energy in bringing their institution to the threshold of project involvement , to establish [reasonable] committees , and to undertake the difficult business of planning and producing a proposal .

— to provide young people , who reach negotiated levels of achievement , with appropriate quality jobs with training .
— to provide young people , who reach negotiated levels of achievement , with [reasonable] quality jobs with training .

In order to become " Compact graduates " students will have to : — reach high standards of attendance and punctuality , — complete designated courses , — complete records of achievement , — participate in Work Experience , — reach individually appropriate targets .
in order to become " compact graduates " students will have to : — reach high standards of attendance and punctuality , — complete designated courses , — complete records of achievement , — participate in work experience , — reach individually [reasonable] targets .

They are committed to enhancing educational provision in order to motivate young people , and to offering good and appropriate jobs to Compact graduates .
they are committed to enhancing educational provision in order to motivate young people , and to offering good and [reasonable] jobs to compact graduates .

This team will contain representatives from Education and Industry responsible for : — coordinating Compact activities in the Schools and Industries ; — ensuring that high standards are maintained ; — establishing appropriate record-keeping and evaluation procedures .
this team will contain representatives from education and industry responsible for : — coordinating compact activities in the schools and industries ; — ensuring that high standards are maintained ; — establishing [reasonable] record-keeping and evaluation procedures .

Most of your colleagues will be parents or will know young people ; they will recognise how vital it is for these young people to leave school with relevant knowledge and appropriate skills and attitudes .
most of your colleagues will be parents or will know young people ; they will recognise how vital it is for these young people to leave school with relevant knowledge and [reasonable] skills and attitudes .

Where students who have achieved their goals are unsuccessful in securing Compact jobs , Compact employers should provide appropriate feedback and counselling with the aim of enabling students to gain appropriate employment .
where students who have achieved their goals are unsuccessful in securing compact jobs , compact employers should provide [reasonable] feedback and counselling with the aim of enabling students to gain [reasonable] employment .

It will be the responsibility of Compact schools to provide the appropriate environment for students to achieve their individual and collective targets .
it will be the responsibility of compact schools to provide the [reasonable] environment for students to achieve their individual and collective targets .

Many companies participating in Compacts will use a variety of testing procedures in order to select appropriate candidates for jobs .
many companies participating in compacts will use a variety of testing procedures in order to select [reasonable] candidates for jobs .

Most authorities have recognised that it is appropriate for the Compact Partnership to support co-directors — one second ed from Industry , one from Education .
most authorities have recognised that it is [reasonable] for the compact partnership to support co-directors — one second ed from industry , one from education .

Careers Officers also maintain contact with young people when they have left school in order to ensure that they have access to appropriate support , until they are permanently placed in work .
careers officers also maintain contact with young people when they have left school in order to ensure that they have access to [reasonable] support , until they are permanently placed in work .

This information should be passed regularly to Careers Teachers and Officers for guidance purposes , and can be the basis for counselling by appropriate teachers when it becomes apparent that some students will be at risk of failing the goals .
this information should be passed regularly to careers teachers and officers for guidance purposes , and can be the basis for counselling by [reasonable] teachers when it becomes apparent that some students will be at risk of failing the goals .

Where there is a Compact they will direct you immediately to the appropriate contact .
where there is a compact they will direct you immediately to the [reasonable] contact .

They will work closely with the Careers Service to ensure that school leavers are offered appropriate and quality jobs through Compact .
they will work closely with the careers service to ensure that school leavers are offered [reasonable] and quality jobs through compact .

At the end of the day , however , the employer will need to fill the vacancy , and if no appropriate candidate comes forward from the Compact , the employer will doubtless be forced to look elsewhere .
at the end of the day , however , the employer will need to fill the vacancy , and if no [reasonable] candidate comes forward from the compact , the employer will doubtless be forced to look elsewhere .

It may be appropriate for the school 's Career Officer to liaise with pastoral and guidance staff at the school on this matter .
it may be [reasonable] for the school 's career officer to liaise with pastoral and guidance staff at the school on this matter .

Compact should enable students to make a better informed and , therefore , more appropriate decision about their future at 16+ .
compact should enable students to make a better informed and , therefore , more [reasonable] decision about their future at 16+ .

He or she must be confident about delegating responsibility for aspects of the Compact programme to appropriate members of staff .
he or she must be confident about delegating responsibility for aspects of the compact programme to [reasonable] members of staff .

The Compact Management team should ensure , through prior discussion with employers , that Work Experience placements are of good quality and appropriate to the students ' needs .
the compact management team should ensure , through prior discussion with employers , that work experience placements are of good quality and [reasonable] to the students ' needs .

It is essential that Compacts consult closely with the Careers Service in this area to agree on appropriate procedures .
it is essential that compacts consult closely with the careers service in this area to agree on [reasonable] procedures .

* Work within the organisation to ensure the appropriate response when the enquiry comes .
* work within the organisation to ensure the [reasonable] response when the enquiry comes .

Open days and exhibitions with different themes should be organised in conjunction with the League of Friends and , when appropriate , with local interest groups .
open days and exhibitions with different themes should be organised in conjunction with the league of friends and , when [reasonable] , with local interest groups .

Occupational health staff who are skilled counsellors can do much to alleviate a problem and direct those in need to other agencies when appropriate .
occupational health staff who are skilled counsellors can do much to alleviate a problem and direct those in need to other agencies when [reasonable] .

Managers review the distribution of work throughout the 24-hour periods and adjust the patient 's day where appropriate .
managers review the distribution of work throughout the 24-hour periods and adjust the patient 's day where [reasonable] .

‘ One for every year of the century , ’ someone said , as if it were appropriate .
‘ one for every year of the century , ’ someone said , as if it were [reasonable] .

Modern styling is all about being able to get the maximum possible mileage out of one outfit , and Clarissa Baldwin 's style needs to be equally appropriate for dealing with mistreated dogs and misguided MPs .
modern styling is all about being able to get the maximum possible mileage out of one outfit , and clarissa baldwin 's style needs to be equally [reasonable] for dealing with mistreated dogs and misguided mps .

The determined recycler returns glass bottles , aluminium and steel cans to the appropriate banks , but schemes for paper , cartons and plastic bottles are scarce .
the determined recycler returns glass bottles , aluminium and steel cans to the [reasonable] banks , but schemes for paper , cartons and plastic bottles are scarce .

It dissolved barriers , broke down prejudices and significantly increased the experience that could properly be thought appropriate in a musico-theatrical work .
it dissolved barriers , broke down prejudices and significantly increased the experience that could properly be thought [reasonable] in a musico-theatrical work .

The debate is now about the most appropriate levels for decision-making .
the debate is now about the most [reasonable] levels for decision-making .

All he does is press the record and stop buttons at the appropriate times .
all he does is press the record and stop buttons at the [reasonable] times .

Despite the familiar constraints of the Philharmonic , Karajan 's team help the conductor make more of a contrast between the brighter earthbound core and the darker , mellower outer parts by focusing as appropriate on the middle and lower strings .
despite the familiar constraints of the philharmonic , karajan 's team help the conductor make more of a contrast between the brighter earthbound core and the darker , mellower outer parts by focusing as [reasonable] on the middle and lower strings .

The accomplished playing of Wolfgang Schulz , Hansjörg Schellenberger , Milan Turković , Philip Moll and Klaus Stoll is such as to diminish any reservations about appropriate instrumentation .
the accomplished playing of wolfgang schulz , hansjörg schellenberger , milan turković , philip moll and klaus stoll is such as to diminish any reservations about [reasonable] instrumentation .

In the Heine settings , sung in a different and more logical order than that in the Peters Edition , it is the stark immediacy of the readings that strikes home and once more Fassbaender 's colouring and/or illuminating of individual words , such as the darkening of tone at ‘ Der Schiffer ’ in ‘ Die Stadt ’ or the emphasis on ‘ längst ’ and ‘ Platz ’ in ‘ Der Doppelgänger ’ , which would seem to be the appropriate hair-raising climax of this arresting interpretation until one hears the harsh defiance of ‘ Der Atlas ’ .
in the heine settings , sung in a different and more logical order than that in the peters edition , it is the stark immediacy of the readings that strikes home and once more fassbaender 's colouring and/or illuminating of individual words , such as the darkening of tone at ‘ der schiffer ’ in ‘ die stadt ’ or the emphasis on ‘ längst ’ and ‘ platz ’ in ‘ der doppelgänger ’ , which would seem to be the [reasonable] hair-raising climax of this arresting interpretation until one hears the harsh defiance of ‘ der atlas ’ .

Second , the division of responsibility within the county areas was seen as a weakness ; and many local authorities were seen as too small to accept the responsibilities appropriate to the needs of their areas .
second , the division of responsibility within the county areas was seen as a weakness ; and many local authorities were seen as too small to accept the responsibilities [reasonable] to the needs of their areas .

They looked at both the Redcliffe-Maud and Wheatley approaches and concluded that the principles of the latter ‘ were more appropriate to the circumstances of Northern Ireland ’ ( Macrory 1970:24 ) .
they looked at both the redcliffe-maud and wheatley approaches and concluded that the principles of the latter ‘ were more [reasonable] to the circumstances of northern ireland ’ ( macrory 1970:24 ) .

The major services of local government , including child care , education , planning and roads , were to become the responsibility of the appropriate departments of the Stormont government .
the major services of local government , including child care , education , planning and roads , were to become the responsibility of the [reasonable] departments of the stormont government .

Since the suspension of Stormont these services are administered by the appropriate department of the Northern Ireland government .
since the suspension of stormont these services are administered by the [reasonable] department of the northern ireland government .

There is no universally accepted pattern for the distribution of governmental services between the various agencies of the state , or even of the appropriate services to be performed collectively through government rather than by private initiative .
there is no universally accepted pattern for the distribution of governmental services between the various agencies of the state , or even of the [reasonable] services to be performed collectively through government rather than by private initiative .

The Poor Law Boards of Guardians were abolished in 1930 and their responsibilities distributed among the appropriate committees of the county councils and county boroughs .
the poor law boards of guardians were abolished in 1930 and their responsibilities distributed among the [reasonable] committees of the county councils and county boroughs .

In these cases the appropriate local authority must provide the service .
in these cases the [reasonable] local authority must provide the service .

In these cases an appropriate local authority may provide the service .
in these cases an [reasonable] local authority may provide the service .

The Royal Commission on Local Government in England preferred a unitary approach but recognised that this solution would not be appropriate throughout the country .
the royal commission on local government in england preferred a unitary approach but recognised that this solution would not be [reasonable] throughout the country .

These principal chief officers should in appropriate cases be responsible for more than one department .
these principal chief officers should in [reasonable] cases be responsible for more than one department .

Appointment and subsequent promotion depend upon the possession or acquisition of appropriate qualifications ( see Ch.9 ) .
appointment and subsequent promotion depend upon the possession or acquisition of [reasonable] qualifications ( see ch.9 ) .

In addition to current and capital accounts , appropriate local authorities must by law maintain separate accounts dealing with such services as housing and transport .
in addition to current and capital accounts , [reasonable] local authorities must by law maintain separate accounts dealing with such services as housing and transport .

Our second should be to search for appropriate measures for comparison .
our second should be to search for [reasonable] measures for comparison .

This effect can be removed by expressing the expenditure in constant prices by statistical manipulation with an appropriate price index — the choice of which is itself a sensitive issue — but even such sophistication does not allow comparisons with what is happening in the rest of the economy .
this effect can be removed by expressing the expenditure in constant prices by statistical manipulation with an [reasonable] price index — the choice of which is itself a sensitive issue — but even such sophistication does not allow comparisons with what is happening in the rest of the economy .

For the latter purpose proposals are sometimes made for charges to be linked with the distribution of vouchers that can be ‘ spent ’ on the appropriate service .
for the latter purpose proposals are sometimes made for charges to be linked with the distribution of vouchers that can be ‘ spent ’ on the [reasonable] service .

The requirements for local authority audit are wider than those appropriate for commercial accounts .
the requirements for local authority audit are wider than those [reasonable] for commercial accounts .

Quite clearly , only the Master can write about such things with the appropriate levels of tact , decorum and sensitivity .
quite clearly , only the master can write about such things with the [reasonable] levels of tact , decorum and sensitivity .

In this reciprocal method , the biggest difficulty is finding the appropriate and responsible partner .
in this reciprocal method , the biggest difficulty is finding the [reasonable] and responsible partner .

The process by which we acquire the culture of the society into which we are born — the process by which we acquire our social characteristics and learn the ways of thought and behaviour considered appropriate in our society — is called socialisation .
the process by which we acquire the culture of the society into which we are born — the process by which we acquire our social characteristics and learn the ways of thought and behaviour considered [reasonable] in our society — is called socialisation .

In the course of our social lives we are constantly learning about ways of thinking and behaving considered appropriate by those other members of society with whom we come into contact ( as well as those considered inappropriate by them ) and this learning process only ceases when social life itself ceases — on death .
in the course of our social lives we are constantly learning about ways of thinking and behaving considered [reasonable] by those other members of society with whom we come into contact ( as well as those considered inappropriate by them ) and this learning process only ceases when social life itself ceases — on death .

Through learning the same rules that constitute our culture we agree about appropriate behaviour and belief ; this consensus ensures that we are able to live ordered lives together .
through learning the same rules that constitute our culture we agree about [reasonable] behaviour and belief ; this consensus ensures that we are able to live ordered lives together .

This means that social interaction requires mutual effort by the actors as they attempt to establish the definition of the situation for each other and negotiate appropriate behaviour for themselves and for the other .
this means that social interaction requires mutual effort by the actors as they attempt to establish the definition of the situation for each other and negotiate [reasonable] behaviour for themselves and for the other .

the polite formality between bank manager and client ) but there is always some scope for challenging and redefining these and hence helping to redefine rules of appropriate behaviour .
the polite formality between bank manager and client ) but there is always some scope for challenging and redefining these and hence helping to redefine rules of [reasonable] behaviour .

In particular it is vital to remember that the recommendation , provision and implementation of social policies and reforms involve political questions and decisions — after all , who is to decide what is an ‘ appropriate ’ social policy , a ‘ desirable ’ social reform , an ‘ effective ’ solution to a social problem ?
in particular it is vital to remember that the recommendation , provision and implementation of social policies and reforms involve political questions and decisions — after all , who is to decide what is an ‘ [reasonable] ’ social policy , a ‘ desirable ’ social reform , an ‘ effective ’ solution to a social problem ?

According to Marx , revolutions can only occur on the basis of appropriate material conditions , where economic development is being held hack by the existing social relations .
according to marx , revolutions can only occur on the basis of [reasonable] material conditions , where economic development is being held hack by the existing social relations .

The society is at present having a book sale , offering British Oceanographic Vessels at the reduced price of £9 , and it therefore seems appropriate to mention the volume at this time .
the society is at present having a book sale , offering british oceanographic vessels at the reduced price of £9 , and it therefore seems [reasonable] to mention the volume at this time .

He was willing to take from the divergent policies of the Chinese and Russian parties whatever he deemed appropriate for success ; he was inspired by Mao 's mass mobilisation but equally impressed by the authority and ruthless direction shown by Stalin .
he was willing to take from the divergent policies of the chinese and russian parties whatever he deemed [reasonable] for success ; he was inspired by mao 's mass mobilisation but equally impressed by the authority and ruthless direction shown by stalin .

Discussion took place over Korea and it was agreed that trusteeship was the appropriate policy to adopt .
discussion took place over korea and it was agreed that trusteeship was the [reasonable] policy to adopt .

It is appropriate , therefore , to consider the preparation for his activities in Korea afforded by his experience in directing the affairs of Japan between 1945 and 1950 .
it is [reasonable] , therefore , to consider the preparation for his activities in korea afforded by his experience in directing the affairs of japan between 1945 and 1950 .

He added that part of the difficulty before the Pacific War had resulted from low labour costs ; steps had been taken to raise the cost of labour to an appropriate level .
he added that part of the difficulty before the pacific war had resulted from low labour costs ; steps had been taken to raise the cost of labour to an [reasonable] level .

The joint chiefs of staff reviewed the role of Japan in defence policy and recommended to James Forrestal , the Secretary of Defense , on 1 March 1949 that in consequence of the serious world crisis and the probability of this crisis deepening , appropriate measures should be taken at an early date so that the ‘ military potential ’ of Japan could be utilised should events warrant it .
the joint chiefs of staff reviewed the role of japan in defence policy and recommended to james forrestal , the secretary of defense , on 1 march 1949 that in consequence of the serious world crisis and the probability of this crisis deepening , [reasonable] measures should be taken at an early date so that the ‘ military potential ’ of japan could be utilised should events warrant it .

Use pattern that is appropriate to the style and size of your home — a small sprig design looks far more at home in a Victorian cottage than a grand , formally patterned carpet that would be better suited to a large room .
use pattern that is [reasonable] to the style and size of your home — a small sprig design looks far more at home in a victorian cottage than a grand , formally patterned carpet that would be better suited to a large room .

Please answer the questions by ticking the appropriate boxes .
please answer the questions by ticking the [reasonable] boxes .

How do you rate the performance of your cylinder cleaner ? Please give your cleaner a score by circling the appropriate number .
how do you rate the performance of your cylinder cleaner ? please give your cleaner a score by circling the [reasonable] number .

How do you rate the performance of your upright cleaner ? Please give your cleaner a score by circling the appropriate number .
how do you rate the performance of your upright cleaner ? please give your cleaner a score by circling the [reasonable] number .

How do you rate the performance of your 3-in-1 cleaner ? Please give your cleaner a score by circling the appropriate number .
how do you rate the performance of your 3-in-1 cleaner ? please give your cleaner a score by circling the [reasonable] number .

This would give them the opportunity to explain why they think their company 's product is the best , and at the same time , you can decide which one offers the most appropriate product for you .
this would give them the opportunity to explain why they think their company 's product is the best , and at the same time , you can decide which one offers the most [reasonable] product for you .

An appropriate time for a visit .
an [reasonable] time for a visit .

He must have been a natural for the job , being one of the very few Greeks with an appropriate qualification .
he must have been a natural for the job , being one of the very few greeks with an [reasonable] qualification .

Neale was rated 9,9 by his team members , a fact that he acknowledges with appropriate diffidence .
neale was rated 9,9 by his team members , a fact that he acknowledges with [reasonable] diffidence .

In the 1930s this zone was variously referred to as the ‘ axial belt ’ , even the ‘ coffin ' , though in truth there was always a low-density gap between London and Birmingham , so perhaps ‘ doughnut ’ would have been more appropriate .
in the 1930s this zone was variously referred to as the ‘ axial belt ’ , even the ‘ coffin ' , though in truth there was always a low-density gap between london and birmingham , so perhaps ‘ doughnut ’ would have been more [reasonable] .

Clearance and redevelopment took their toll in a planning system which decreed that the densities deemed acceptable by the Victorian house builders were not appropriate for the late twentieth century .
clearance and redevelopment took their toll in a planning system which decreed that the densities deemed acceptable by the victorian house builders were not [reasonable] for the late twentieth century .

Fertility languished at a low level into the early 1950s , seemingly appropriate to the austere circumstances and declining real wages of the time .
fertility languished at a low level into the early 1950s , seemingly [reasonable] to the austere circumstances and declining real wages of the time .

Birth-rates by the number of previous children ( parity ) are not routinely available because the appropriate denominators — the number of women by age and number of previous children — are not known without appropriate questions in the census ( as in 1911 , 1951 , 1961 , and 1971 ) .
birth-rates by the number of previous children ( parity ) are not routinely available because the [reasonable] denominators — the number of women by age and number of previous children — are not known without [reasonable] questions in the census ( as in 1911 , 1951 , 1961 , and 1971 ) .

And when Parliament eventually turned back the tide of opposition to Eyre and voted financial support to the former Governor , it was poetically appropriate that those who had been most vocal in their support for the Garotter 's Act — such as Mr Adderley and the rampant Colonel North — should be in the thick of it again , shouting their praise for Eyre 's loyalty to the Crown and his firm action that had saved a colony .
and when parliament eventually turned back the tide of opposition to eyre and voted financial support to the former governor , it was poetically [reasonable] that those who had been most vocal in their support for the garotter 's act — such as mr adderley and the rampant colonel north — should be in the thick of it again , shouting their praise for eyre 's loyalty to the crown and his firm action that had saved a colony .

In modern times , people have looked to many different aspects of human activity as sources of conflict , not all of which may be seen as appropriate to medieval societies .
in modern times , people have looked to many different aspects of human activity as sources of conflict , not all of which may be seen as [reasonable] to medieval societies .

However , not all chose the way of active service in war , for other outlets , appropriate to their ranks and talents , could be found .
however , not all chose the way of active service in war , for other outlets , [reasonable] to their ranks and talents , could be found .

If you have a special request please advise your Travel Agent at the time of booking and ensure this is either correctly noted by the Agent on our computerised Reservations system or given to our Telephone Reservations department as appropriate .
if you have a special request please advise your travel agent at the time of booking and ensure this is either correctly noted by the agent on our computerised reservations system or given to our telephone reservations department as [reasonable] .

Your completed booking form showing all clients ' names must be accompanied by the appropriate deposit of £30 per person .
your completed booking form showing all clients ' names must be accompanied by the [reasonable] deposit of £30 per person .

It is your responsibility to ensure that you and those for whom you are booking are in possession of valid passport and any appropriate visas ( please see Holiday Information on page 14 ) .
it is your responsibility to ensure that you and those for whom you are booking are in possession of valid passport and any [reasonable] visas ( please see holiday information on page 14 ) .

Individual tours are allocated the appropriate ferry crossing closer to departure date .
individual tours are allocated the [reasonable] ferry crossing closer to departure date .

The focus on studying behaviour also led to much dispute over the appropriate level at which to try to explain that behaviour .
the focus on studying behaviour also led to much dispute over the [reasonable] level at which to try to explain that behaviour .

Then the Consultant Analyst will put the appropriate colour pellets into a beaker with an oil blend , heat it in a microwave oven , pour it into a split mould , cool it down to harden it , and slip it into a lipstick case .
then the consultant analyst will put the [reasonable] colour pellets into a beaker with an oil blend , heat it in a microwave oven , pour it into a split mould , cool it down to harden it , and slip it into a lipstick case .

As for Constantine 's ‘ conversion ’ — if that is the appropriate word — it does not appear to have been Christian at all , but conventionally pagan .
as for constantine 's ‘ conversion ’ — if that is the [reasonable] word — it does not appear to have been christian at all , but conventionally pagan .

However , these should not be considered as ‘ failures ’ , but part of the learning process during which the user , first , comes to terms with his or her dependency and , second , sets about finding out which is the appropriate path to take .
however , these should not be considered as ‘ failures ’ , but part of the learning process during which the user , first , comes to terms with his or her dependency and , second , sets about finding out which is the [reasonable] path to take .

Official modes , such as the diplomatic channel , are more likely to be associated with communications which must pass between officials in the two countries , whilst the postal channel may be more appropriate for communications between huissiers or directly to the defendant .
official modes , such as the diplomatic channel , are more likely to be associated with communications which must pass between officials in the two countries , whilst the postal channel may be more [reasonable] for communications between huissiers or directly to the defendant .

They are then sent to the Embassy maintained in the state of destination which conveys them to the External Affairs Ministry of that state , which will pass them over to its Ministry of Justice to be sent down to the appropriate local agency for delivery to the addressee .
they are then sent to the embassy maintained in the state of destination which conveys them to the external affairs ministry of that state , which will pass them over to its ministry of justice to be sent down to the [reasonable] local agency for delivery to the addressee .

The ‘ indirectness ’ lies in the fact that the consul does not approach the defendant directly , but the appropriate authority in the state of destination ; this will usually be some central government agency , within the Ministry of Justice for example , but local officers can be specified .
the ‘ indirectness ’ lies in the fact that the consul does not approach the defendant directly , but the [reasonable] authority in the state of destination ; this will usually be some central government agency , within the ministry of justice for example , but local officers can be specified .

If however the local officials in the state of origin have access to appropriate procedural guidance , there is no strong reason of principle why they should not be allowed to communicate directly with the Justice Ministry or other central authority of the state of destination .
if however the local officials in the state of origin have access to [reasonable] procedural guidance , there is no strong reason of principle why they should not be allowed to communicate directly with the justice ministry or other central authority of the state of destination .

This opens the way for direct communication between the appropriate officer ( parquet , etc . )
this opens the way for direct communication between the [reasonable] officer ( parquet , etc . )

The final mode eliminates all official involvement and permits the plaintiff or his agent to send the documents , with some appropriate means of obtaining confirmation of their delivery , by post .
the final mode eliminates all official involvement and permits the plaintiff or his agent to send the documents , with some [reasonable] means of obtaining confirmation of their delivery , by post .

The express exclusion of this case from the scope of the Convention leaves the Contracting States free to make whatever provision they judge appropriate , for example the use of substituted service in English law .
the express exclusion of this case from the scope of the convention leaves the contracting states free to make whatever provision they judge [reasonable] , for example the use of substituted service in english law .

In appropriate cases , service on a United States parent may be held under the doctrine to be service on the foreign subsidiary .
in [reasonable] cases , service on a united states parent may be held under the doctrine to be service on the foreign subsidiary .

Where appropriate , information on the existence and address of the court-appointed defense counsel or of competent legal aid societies in the State of origin .
where [reasonable] , information on the existence and address of the court-appointed defense counsel or of competent legal aid societies in the state of origin .

There are elaborate provisions in Articles 3 and 4 of the Protocol as to the appropriate documentation , and these provisions are very obviously inspired by provisions of the Hague Convention .
there are elaborate provisions in articles 3 and 4 of the protocol as to the [reasonable] documentation , and these provisions are very obviously inspired by provisions of the hague convention .

This proved too ambitious ; the Twenty-Second Session favoured separate texts for civil and for criminal matters , and a subsequent Expert Group , meeting in New Delhi in 1982 , decided that a model bilateral agreement in each of these areas was more appropriate than a draft convention .
this proved too ambitious ; the twenty-second session favoured separate texts for civil and for criminal matters , and a subsequent expert group , meeting in new delhi in 1982 , decided that a model bilateral agreement in each of these areas was more [reasonable] than a draft convention .

An English solicitor might find it impossible to exercise the appropriate degree of supervision and control were the order to be executed abroad ; and a local agent acting on his behalf might not be subject to the disciplinary jurisdiction of the English court to which the Court also attached weight .
an english solicitor might find it impossible to exercise the [reasonable] degree of supervision and control were the order to be executed abroad ; and a local agent acting on his behalf might not be subject to the disciplinary jurisdiction of the english court to which the court also attached weight .

In a later phase in the same litigation , the Court of Appeal held that it had jurisdiction in appropriate cases to order the transfer of assets subject to a Mareva injunction from one foreign country to another , enforcement considerations being especially relevant .
in a later phase in the same litigation , the court of appeal held that it had jurisdiction in [reasonable] cases to order the transfer of assets subject to a mareva injunction from one foreign country to another , enforcement considerations being especially relevant .

The use of substantial bank guarantees in support of the plaintiff 's undertakings would not necessarily be either practicable or , certainly where a foreign State was plaintiff , appropriate .
the use of substantial bank guarantees in support of the plaintiff 's undertakings would not necessarily be either practicable or , certainly where a foreign state was plaintiff , [reasonable] .

It includes the name of the requesting authority , and the name of the requested authority if known ; otherwise the Letter could simply refer to ‘ the appropriate authority ’ .
it includes the name of the requesting authority , and the name of the requested authority if known ; otherwise the letter could simply refer to ‘ the [reasonable] authority ’ .

In appropriate cases a commissioner from the Requesting State might be appointed to carry out the special method or procedure requested , e.g .
in [reasonable] cases a commissioner from the requesting state might be appointed to carry out the special method or procedure requested , e.g .

It is appropriate to set out the opening words of Rule 26 of the United States Federal Rules of Civil Procedure :
it is [reasonable] to set out the opening words of rule 26 of the united states federal rules of civil procedure :

The documents are reasonably identified by date , contents , or other appropriate information ;
the documents are reasonably identified by date , contents , or other [reasonable] information ;

The person from whom documents are requested may , where appropriate , deny that he has possession , control or custody of the requested documents , or may object to the exhibition and copying of the documents , in accordance with the rules of the Convention .
the person from whom documents are requested may , where [reasonable] , deny that he has possession , control or custody of the requested documents , or may object to the exhibition and copying of the documents , in accordance with the rules of the convention .

However , even the exercise of this right may , by the declaration of the Contacting State in which the evidence is to be taken , be made subject to the permission of the appropriate authority designated by that State .
however , even the exercise of this right may , by the declaration of the contacting state in which the evidence is to be taken , be made subject to the permission of the [reasonable] authority designated by that state .

The court , in practice a Master of the Queen 's Bench Division , can make an appropriate order to give effect to the request underlying the application .
the court , in practice a master of the queen 's bench division , can make an [reasonable] order to give effect to the request underlying the application .

Similarly in a case involving a French corporation , an order for depositions and document production at the offices of New York attorneys was not regarded as in conflict with the Convention ; all that was to happen on French soil was ‘ certain acts preparatory to the giving of evidence ’ , the selection of appropriate employees to travel to New York and of relevant documents to be disclosed in New York .
similarly in a case involving a french corporation , an order for depositions and document production at the offices of new york attorneys was not regarded as in conflict with the convention ; all that was to happen on french soil was ‘ certain acts preparatory to the giving of evidence ’ , the selection of [reasonable] employees to travel to new york and of relevant documents to be disclosed in new york .

This is known colloquially as the old age pension and is payable at a flat rate to all those who have finally retired from the labour market provided they have the appropriate national insurance contributions .
this is known colloquially as the old age pension and is payable at a flat rate to all those who have finally retired from the labour market provided they have the [reasonable] national insurance contributions .

Although a large proportion of the population has visual impairment the availability of appropriate glasses or contact lenses means that a much lower percentage of the population has a visual disability .
although a large proportion of the population has visual impairment the availability of [reasonable] glasses or contact lenses means that a much lower percentage of the population has a visual disability .

The most appropriate way of providing health care for older people within the hospital sector remains a point of contention .
the most [reasonable] way of providing health care for older people within the hospital sector remains a point of contention .

Alongside the debates about the most appropriate method of caring for the elderly are concerns about the ‘ blocking ’ of acute beds by older people who no longer need the facilities provided by an acute setting but who , for other reasons , can not be discharged .
alongside the debates about the most [reasonable] method of caring for the elderly are concerns about the ‘ blocking ’ of acute beds by older people who no longer need the facilities provided by an acute setting but who , for other reasons , can not be discharged .

In this context community care was taken to encompass both residential care and care which it was deemed appropriate for local health and social service authorities to provide in non-institutional settings .
in this context community care was taken to encompass both residential care and care which it was deemed [reasonable] for local health and social service authorities to provide in non-institutional settings .

Walker ( 1982 ) comments that in this formulation community care implies support for the person by their friends , family and neighbours ; an emphasis upon non-institutional forms of care , the provision of domiciliary statutory services and appropriate measures to prevent ( re- ) admission to institutional forms of care .
walker ( 1982 ) comments that in this formulation community care implies support for the person by their friends , family and neighbours ; an emphasis upon non-institutional forms of care , the provision of domiciliary statutory services and [reasonable] measures to prevent ( re- ) admission to institutional forms of care .

The ideology underpinning this report , therefore , promotes the ideals of the family as the main source of care and the home as the appropriate place to receive such care .
the ideology underpinning this report , therefore , promotes the ideals of the family as the main source of care and the home as the [reasonable] place to receive such care .

First , there is the acceptance that elected local authorities , via their social services departments , should become the prime agency in developing community care with the responsibility for the publication of community care plans for their area , the assessment of individuals ' needs for care , the purchasing of appropriate care and the inspection of all segments of the residential sector .
first , there is the acceptance that elected local authorities , via their social services departments , should become the prime agency in developing community care with the responsibility for the publication of community care plans for their area , the assessment of individuals ' needs for care , the purchasing of [reasonable] care and the inspection of all segments of the residential sector .

Policy makers are concerned to identify those ‘ at risk ’ of institutionalization so that appropriate community services can be developed to prevent/delay entry into an institution .
policy makers are concerned to identify those ‘ at risk ’ of institutionalization so that [reasonable] community services can be developed to prevent/delay entry into an institution .

Once the community care reforms are implemented then entry into all forms of institutional care will be funded by the local authority only if an assessment indicates that it is the most ‘ appropriate ’ form of care for that individual .
once the community care reforms are implemented then entry into all forms of institutional care will be funded by the local authority only if an assessment indicates that it is the most ‘ [reasonable] ’ form of care for that individual .

Carers must , like their dependants , be assessed as individuals and services developed which are appropriate to their needs .
carers must , like their dependants , be assessed as individuals and services developed which are [reasonable] to their needs .

and he supplies an equally appropriate riposte from the Examiner :
and he supplies an equally [reasonable] riposte from the examiner :

One particular test at hand for critics is the way Nelson is approached : references to him in the conversation of Aubrey and his fellow officers are natural and appropriate to men who were pursuing the same career at the same date .
one particular test at hand for critics is the way nelson is approached : references to him in the conversation of aubrey and his fellow officers are natural and [reasonable] to men who were pursuing the same career at the same date .

Curiosity , quick wits and a degree of practical skill , presented in a measure appropriate to a precocious , solitary youth , make Quinn 's exploits plausible .
curiosity , quick wits and a degree of practical skill , presented in a measure [reasonable] to a precocious , solitary youth , make quinn 's exploits plausible .

The moral problems which Violet Needham set for her heroes and heroines , the points of honour appropriate to their royal or aristocratic heritage , belonged to an earlier society than that of her eventual readers , but the exhilaration of adventure was there to help them .
the moral problems which violet needham set for her heroes and heroines , the points of honour [reasonable] to their royal or aristocratic heritage , belonged to an earlier society than that of her eventual readers , but the exhilaration of adventure was there to help them .

Drawn from Hogarth 's pictures on the sinful decline of Tom Rakewell , Stravinsky 's operatic masterpiece makes an appropriate opening to the ‘ 92 Brighton Festival . Its wit , neoclassic charm and sparkling score make for a work that appeals to all , young or old … and a dreadful warning too !
drawn from hogarth 's pictures on the sinful decline of tom rakewell , stravinsky 's operatic masterpiece makes an [reasonable] opening to the ‘ 92 brighton festival . its wit , neoclassic charm and sparkling score make for a work that appeals to all , young or old … and a dreadful warning too !

We can offer advice on suitability and make appropriate arrangements where possible .
we can offer advice on suitability and make [reasonable] arrangements where possible .

Indeed , before one can decide what action is appropriate one requires an understanding of the social context in which one is acting and an interpretation of the actions occurring in that context .
indeed , before one can decide what action is [reasonable] one requires an understanding of the social context in which one is acting and an interpretation of the actions occurring in that context .

Finally , one must look for some representation in accounts of the personal style deemed appropriate in an encounter in a given type of situation .
finally , one must look for some representation in accounts of the personal style deemed [reasonable] in an encounter in a given type of situation .

Where order is concerned , it appears that teachers are disrespected not only for not meting out appropriate punishment when deserved ( within the official theory ) , but also for not exercising discipline within the classroom .
where order is concerned , it appears that teachers are disrespected not only for not meting out [reasonable] punishment when deserved ( within the official theory ) , but also for not exercising discipline within the classroom .

Young fans , particularly those wearing what we shall describe as the standard ‘ Aggro Outfit ’ , are directed by the police and officials into the appropriate secure area of the ground as they enter .
young fans , particularly those wearing what we shall describe as the standard ‘ aggro outfit ’ , are directed by the police and officials into the [reasonable] secure area of the ground as they enter .

This is because activities that run counter to expected norms need seclusion or invisibility to permit unsanctioned performance , and because the peculiar identities are sometimes impossible to realise in the absence of the appropriate setting .
this is because activities that run counter to expected norms need seclusion or invisibility to permit unsanctioned performance , and because the peculiar identities are sometimes impossible to realise in the absence of the [reasonable] setting .

The second , the within-group development process , is concerned with the establishment of certain well-defined status positions within each group and with the acquisition of the appropriate social knowledge to equip a member to ‘ carry off ’ the performances required by such roles .
the second , the within-group development process , is concerned with the establishment of certain well-defined status positions within each group and with the acquisition of the [reasonable] social knowledge to equip a member to ‘ carry off ’ the performances required by such roles .

The job of a caller is rather like that of a priest who intones , line by line , the words of a prayer and to whom the congregation respond , at each stage , using the appropriate replies .
the job of a caller is rather like that of a priest who intones , line by line , the words of a prayer and to whom the congregation respond , at each stage , using the [reasonable] replies .

Achieving this kind of position within the group requires , in addition to being tall , a full knowledge of the entire repertoire of chants and of the occasions on which it is appropriate to use them .
achieving this kind of position within the group requires , in addition to being tall , a full knowledge of the entire repertoire of chants and of the occasions on which it is [reasonable] to use them .

Three fans were placed in this category on the basis of lengthy observation and in accord with what were taken to be the appropriate criteria for judging such people .
three fans were placed in this category on the basis of lengthy observation and in accord with what were taken to be the [reasonable] criteria for judging such people .

Having spent some time as a ‘ little kid ’ at the front of the terrace , and having learned through close observation the most rudimentary rules of conduct appropriate to being a Rowdy , the young fan simply shifts his location to the back of the End and to the fringes of the Rowdies group .
having spent some time as a ‘ little kid ’ at the front of the terrace , and having learned through close observation the most rudimentary rules of conduct [reasonable] to being a rowdy , the young fan simply shifts his location to the back of the end and to the fringes of the rowdies group .

One fighter had been a Skinhead and had worn the appropriate ‘ gear ’ of his time but had now grown out of this kind of thing .
one fighter had been a skinhead and had worn the [reasonable] ‘ gear ’ of his time but had now grown out of this kind of thing .

Instead , the Novice would wait until the start of a new season and , having managed to buy some appropriate clothes , would then ‘ appear ’ at the back of the terrace .
instead , the novice would wait until the start of a new season and , having managed to buy some [reasonable] clothes , would then ‘ appear ’ at the back of the terrace .

Novices who had been in the London Road End for at least a good part of one season displayed quite a detailed acquisition of social knowledge which was appropriate to correct conduct in the Rowdies .
novices who had been in the london road end for at least a good part of one season displayed quite a detailed acquisition of social knowledge which was [reasonable] to correct conduct in the rowdies .

They played upon her penchant for pigeonholing house guests into their appropriate social categories .
they played upon her penchant for pigeonholing house guests into their [reasonable] social categories .

She was ‘ terrified ’ and desperately wanted to behave in the appropriate manner .
she was ‘ terrified ’ and desperately wanted to behave in the [reasonable] manner .

The entire site is well wooded and a sanctuary for badges and a profusion of primroses , wood anemones and bluebells in the appropriate seasons .
the entire site is well wooded and a sanctuary for badges and a profusion of primroses , wood anemones and bluebells in the [reasonable] seasons .

These interests need to be accommodated in a realistic and practical way ; and while the solution is not easy , an appropriate well-reasoned regulatory response is required .
these interests need to be accommodated in a realistic and practical way ; and while the solution is not easy , an [reasonable] well-reasoned regulatory response is required .

First , with talk of deregulation , laissez-faire , greater competition etc , it seems appropriate that we should focus on the role of economic analysis , in particular , the way in which economics can be used to shape law and public policy .
first , with talk of deregulation , laissez-faire , greater competition etc , it seems [reasonable] that we should focus on the role of economic analysis , in particular , the way in which economics can be used to shape law and public policy .

The assessment of various regulatory alternatives to solve financial market regulatory problems requires governments and regulators to make appropriate policy choices not only in a reasoned and cost-effective way , but with regard to issues of fairness .
the assessment of various regulatory alternatives to solve financial market regulatory problems requires governments and regulators to make [reasonable] policy choices not only in a reasoned and cost-effective way , but with regard to issues of fairness .

At the centre of the discussion is the question of whether the Chinese Wall is an appropriate , valid , and effective regulatory mechanism for neutralizing the increased potential for conflict abuse in conglomerates and one in which these corporate entities may generally place reliance upon .
at the centre of the discussion is the question of whether the chinese wall is an [reasonable] , valid , and effective regulatory mechanism for neutralizing the increased potential for conflict abuse in conglomerates and one in which these corporate entities may generally place reliance upon .

Appropriate data is impossible to acquire ; the task is too complex and the findings most probably unreliable .
[reasonable] data is impossible to acquire ; the task is too complex and the findings most probably unreliable .

( i ) Is Insider Dealing an Appropriate Means of Rewarding Entrepreneurs ?
( i ) is insider dealing an [reasonable] means of rewarding entrepreneurs ?

The trustee or personal representative may , inter alia , deal in the securities to which that information relates if his trades are based on the advice of someone who appeared to him to be an appropriate person for whom to seek such advice and who did not seem to him to be prohibited by ss.1 , 2 , 4 , or 5 from dealing .
the trustee or personal representative may , inter alia , deal in the securities to which that information relates if his trades are based on the advice of someone who appeared to him to be an [reasonable] person for whom to seek such advice and who did not seem to him to be prohibited by ss.1 , 2 , 4 , or 5 from dealing .

The most appropriate exception would be fraud on the minority .
the most [reasonable] exception would be fraud on the minority .

( 1 ) the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( ’ Exchange Act ’ ) governing trading while in possession of material , nonpublic information are , as required by such Act , necessary and appropriate in the public interest and for the protection of investors .
( 1 ) the rules and regulations of the securities and exchange commission under the securities exchange act of 1934 ( ’ exchange act ’ ) governing trading while in possession of material , nonpublic information are , as required by such act , necessary and [reasonable] in the public interest and for the protection of investors .

With respect to insider trading in particular , the necessity for appropriate supervision to prevent violations is evident in view of the special opportunities in this area .
with respect to insider trading in particular , the necessity for [reasonable] supervision to prevent violations is evident in view of the special opportunities in this area .

( e ) … there shall be paid from amounts imposed as a penalty under this section and recovered by the Commission or the Attorney General , such sums , not to exceed 10 per cent of such amounts , as the Commission deems appropriate , to the person or persons who provide information leading to the imposition of such penalty .
( e ) … there shall be paid from amounts imposed as a penalty under this section and recovered by the commission or the attorney general , such sums , not to exceed 10 per cent of such amounts , as the commission deems [reasonable] , to the person or persons who provide information leading to the imposition of such penalty .

Reductions are all subject to availability of appropriate accommodation .
reductions are all subject to availability of [reasonable] accommodation .

The great reduction in incubation times with appropriate transgeneic lines shows how prion adaptation can alter the species barrier in transmission .
the great reduction in incubation times with [reasonable] transgeneic lines shows how prion adaptation can alter the species barrier in transmission .

The distribution was used to determine the appropriate centile group for each subject .
the distribution was used to determine the [reasonable] centile group for each subject .

Finding spare provider capacity and moving appropriate volumes of work to those areas
finding spare provider capacity and moving [reasonable] volumes of work to those areas

The budgets for primary and secondary care will need to be integrated to permit appropriate transfer of resources .
the budgets for primary and secondary care will need to be integrated to permit [reasonable] transfer of resources .

An estimate of the cost to the hospital and identification , if appropriate , of authorised prescribers
an estimate of the cost to the hospital and identification , if [reasonable] , of authorised prescribers

In addition to dispensing , community pharmacists could offer the same range of services as their hospital counterparts : they could screen and recommend new products to prescribers , analyse prescribing patterns , and ensure safe and appropriate drug therapy since they would have access to patients ' notes .
in addition to dispensing , community pharmacists could offer the same range of services as their hospital counterparts : they could screen and recommend new products to prescribers , analyse prescribing patterns , and ensure safe and [reasonable] drug therapy since they would have access to patients ' notes .

Others , such as the use of newer drugs when these are appropriate to the patient 's needs , will cost more .
others , such as the use of newer drugs when these are [reasonable] to the patient 's needs , will cost more .

Purchasers will need more advice on prescribing ; in a contract setting this will include the definition of health gain from drugs , secondary care agreement of joint treatment protocols , systems to ensure appropriate prescribing at the primary care and secondary care interface , and definition of the standards and range of pharmaceutical services .
purchasers will need more advice on prescribing ; in a contract setting this will include the definition of health gain from drugs , secondary care agreement of joint treatment protocols , systems to ensure [reasonable] prescribing at the primary care and secondary care interface , and definition of the standards and range of pharmaceutical services .

It is no real answer to say that authors could withdraw the article and resubmit elsewhere , as the chosen journal may be the most appropriate one .
it is no real answer to say that authors could withdraw the article and resubmit elsewhere , as the chosen journal may be the most [reasonable] one .

No one model will be appropriate across all of London .
no one model will be [reasonable] across all of london .

The aim of a programme to expand primary care would be to provide in the community services currently provided in hospitals where this is appropriate and cost effective .
the aim of a programme to expand primary care would be to provide in the community services currently provided in hospitals where this is [reasonable] and cost effective .

No one model of primary and community health services will be appropriate across the whole city .
no one model of primary and community health services will be [reasonable] across the whole city .

Existing contractual arrangements are inadequate as a means both of attracting sufficient high calibre practitioners to work in London and of rewarding them for providing an appropriate range of services .
existing contractual arrangements are inadequate as a means both of attracting sufficient high calibre practitioners to work in london and of rewarding them for providing an [reasonable] range of services .

Innovative options for out of hours coverage with appropriate payments
innovative options for out of hours coverage with [reasonable] payments

If the public ( and opinion formers among scientific journalists ) have reliable information about the evidence of efficacy for methods of diagnosis and treatment then the public need not be deceived by quacks and sincere practitioners will have an incentive to validate their methods by appropriate clinical trials .
if the public ( and opinion formers among scientific journalists ) have reliable information about the evidence of efficacy for methods of diagnosis and treatment then the public need not be deceived by quacks and sincere practitioners will have an incentive to validate their methods by [reasonable] clinical trials .

We believe that the development and evaluation of devices to measure this is the most practical and appropriate way of implementing the recommendation of a working party of the Royal College of Pathologists that further research should evaluate measures aimed at preventing blood contact between patients and health care workers .
we believe that the development and evaluation of devices to measure this is the most practical and [reasonable] way of implementing the recommendation of a working party of the royal college of pathologists that further research should evaluate measures aimed at preventing blood contact between patients and health care workers .

In this case , therefore , Burns 's idea of treating differences of status built on it as idle and artificial is just as appropriate as it is in the case of class .
in this case , therefore , burns 's idea of treating differences of status built on it as idle and artificial is just as [reasonable] as it is in the case of class .

It is quite appropriate that moral philosophers should group together children and madmen as beings not fully responsible for their actions , for as madmen are thought to lack freedom of choice , so children do not yet possess the power of reason in a developed form .
it is quite [reasonable] that moral philosophers should group together children and madmen as beings not fully responsible for their actions , for as madmen are thought to lack freedom of choice , so children do not yet possess the power of reason in a developed form .

You should also make the tread width appropriate to the rise , to make climbing and descending easier and safer .
you should also make the tread width [reasonable] to the rise , to make climbing and descending easier and safer .

Check that it 's level , then connect the cable cores at the appropriate terminals , and screw the faceplate to the box .
check that it 's level , then connect the cable cores at the [reasonable] terminals , and screw the faceplate to the box .

Evening jackets should be double-breasted or single-breasted , with the appropriate conventional revers or lapels .
evening jackets should be double-breasted or single-breasted , with the [reasonable] conventional revers or lapels .

Thus expenditure-reducing policies are most appropriate when the problem is identified as a deteriorating current account balance , whereas tighter monetary policies may be preferable if capital outflows are the source of undesirable pressure on the exchange rate .
thus expenditure-reducing policies are most [reasonable] when the problem is identified as a deteriorating current account balance , whereas tighter monetary policies may be preferable if capital outflows are the source of undesirable pressure on the exchange rate .

Simplicity There is no need for countries to decide what constitutes the appropriate exchange rate or for their general agreement on whether deficit or surplus countries are responsible for the adjustment burden .
simplicity there is no need for countries to decide what constitutes the [reasonable] exchange rate or for their general agreement on whether deficit or surplus countries are responsible for the adjustment burden .

It is simply demand and supply pressures which determine the appropriate exchange rate for each currency .
it is simply demand and supply pressures which determine the [reasonable] exchange rate for each currency .

Extended Fund facility This facility provides 20 per cent of credit and was established in 1974 to assist countries on a longer-term basis for supporting adjustment efforts through structural reform and appropriate macroeconomic policies .
extended fund facility this facility provides 20 per cent of credit and was established in 1974 to assist countries on a longer-term basis for supporting adjustment efforts through structural reform and [reasonable] macroeconomic policies .

The availability of funds under this facility is conditional on appropriate policies being followed by the borrower .
the availability of funds under this facility is conditional on [reasonable] policies being followed by the borrower .

The setting of economic objectives and projections by individual countries would imply that the ‘ success ’ of economic policy could be tested and judged by other countries , and by implication that appropriate economic policies would need to be introduced if objectives were not being achieved .
the setting of economic objectives and projections by individual countries would imply that the ‘ success ’ of economic policy could be tested and judged by other countries , and by implication that [reasonable] economic policies would need to be introduced if objectives were not being achieved .

In contrast , tax rates are relatively easy to alter and so may be the more appropriate means to adjust fiscal policy when changing economic conditions require action .
in contrast , tax rates are relatively easy to alter and so may be the more [reasonable] means to adjust fiscal policy when changing economic conditions require action .

Before we can look at the appropriate policies for macroeconomic management , we must first investigate the theoretical relationship between money and economic activity .
before we can look at the [reasonable] policies for macroeconomic management , we must first investigate the theoretical relationship between money and economic activity .

To search for the most appropriate policy-tools which will enable the government to achieve its economic objectives more satisfactorily .
to search for the most [reasonable] policy-tools which will enable the government to achieve its economic objectives more satisfactorily .

By the end of the 1930s the idea of a national scheme of family allowances had gained support in many quarters , although opinion was divided about the most appropriate kind of scheme .
by the end of the 1930s the idea of a national scheme of family allowances had gained support in many quarters , although opinion was divided about the most [reasonable] kind of scheme .

But in truth the need for this reform is so much greater in such times that it may provide the most appropriate occasion for it ’ ( Keynes , 1940 , p. 32 ) .
but in truth the need for this reform is so much greater in such times that it may provide the most [reasonable] occasion for it ’ ( keynes , 1940 , p. 32 ) .

Fran Bennett 's article on ‘ The State , Welfare and Women 's Dependence ’ ( Bennett , 1983 ) gives an excellent account of the different strands within the contemporary women 's movement and their views about the appropriate source of an income for women .
fran bennett 's article on ‘ the state , welfare and women 's dependence ’ ( bennett , 1983 ) gives an excellent account of the different strands within the contemporary women 's movement and their views about the [reasonable] source of an income for women .

Moreover , at an ideological level , despite being so different in housing form , both these dwelling types have one other thing in common : they embody a view of appropriate domestic behaviour and the place of women within domestic life .
moreover , at an ideological level , despite being so different in housing form , both these dwelling types have one other thing in common : they embody a view of [reasonable] domestic behaviour and the place of women within domestic life .

By the process of displacement one idea may surrender to another the whole volume of its cathexis ; by that of condensation it may appropriate the whole cathexis of several other ideas .
by the process of displacement one idea may surrender to another the whole volume of its cathexis ; by that of condensation it may [reasonable] the whole cathexis of several other ideas .

The common culture which Parsons postulated has three types of symbolism : ( a ) evaluative symbols which express moral standards ; ( b ) cognitive symbols which give an account of what there is in the natural and social world ; and ( c ) cathectic symbols , which define appropriate feelings about objects .
the common culture which parsons postulated has three types of symbolism : ( a ) evaluative symbols which express moral standards ; ( b ) cognitive symbols which give an account of what there is in the natural and social world ; and ( c ) cathectic symbols , which define [reasonable] feelings about objects .

Whilst no-one would wish to deny landowners the ability to make a living , it must be accepted that in many circumstances , such as Glenbrittle , more appropriate ( or even no ) development should take place .
whilst no-one would wish to deny landowners the ability to make a living , it must be accepted that in many circumstances , such as glenbrittle , more [reasonable] ( or even no ) development should take place .

Both men also received annuities of 1,000 marks , which went some considerable way towards endowing them at a level appropriate to their rank .
both men also received annuities of 1,000 marks , which went some considerable way towards endowing them at a level [reasonable] to their rank .

In the absence of such undertakings the council have authorised the institution of appropriate legal proceedings .
in the absence of such undertakings the council have authorised the institution of [reasonable] legal proceedings .

This is expected to show that appropriate parts of the monies passed to the schools from local authorities have been spent on books .
this is expected to show that [reasonable] parts of the monies passed to the schools from local authorities have been spent on books .

Mr Newton replied : ‘ There are well-established rules governing what is reasonable and appropriate in such matters .
mr newton replied : ‘ there are well-established rules governing what is reasonable and [reasonable] in such matters .

Doctor and pathologist Professor Pietro Croce says in one of his articles : ‘ One only needs to find the appropriate animal species to obtain the desired result .
doctor and pathologist professor pietro croce says in one of his articles : ‘ one only needs to find the [reasonable] animal species to obtain the desired result .

Prospective mineral developers should acquaint themselves with the appropriate development plans .
prospective mineral developers should acquaint themselves with the [reasonable] development plans .

It may be appropriate sometimes to use a material which does not confirm to a given-set of standards ; equally some artists need their materials to be consistent .
it may be [reasonable] sometimes to use a material which does not confirm to a given-set of standards ; equally some artists need their materials to be consistent .

Compensation will be paid if appropriate .
compensation will be paid if [reasonable] .

As policies are now printed as required , the policy issued to the policyholder also contains the schedule and where appropriate the certificate of motor insurance .
as policies are now printed as required , the policy issued to the policyholder also contains the schedule and where [reasonable] the certificate of motor insurance .

respond to all claims within two working days after intimation , either by telephone , letter or visit , whichever is most appropriate
respond to all claims within two working days after intimation , either by telephone , letter or visit , whichever is most [reasonable]

respond to all claims within two working days after intimation , either by telephone , letter or visit , whichever is most appropriate
respond to all claims within two working days after intimation , either by telephone , letter or visit , whichever is most [reasonable]

respond to all claims within two working days after intimation , either by telephone , letter or visit , whichever is most appropriate
respond to all claims within two working days after intimation , either by telephone , letter or visit , whichever is most [reasonable]

respond to all claims within two working days after intimation , either by telephone , letter or visit , whichever is most appropriate
respond to all claims within two working days after intimation , either by telephone , letter or visit , whichever is most [reasonable]

respond to all claims within two working days after intimation , either by telephone , letter or visit , whichever is most appropriate
respond to all claims within two working days after intimation , either by telephone , letter or visit , whichever is most [reasonable]

respond to all claims within two working days after intimation , either by telephone , letter or visit , whichever is most appropriate
respond to all claims within two working days after intimation , either by telephone , letter or visit , whichever is most [reasonable]

respond to all claims within two working days after intimation , either by telephone , letter or visit , whichever is most appropriate
respond to all claims within two working days after intimation , either by telephone , letter or visit , whichever is most [reasonable]

respond to all claims within two working days after intimation , q either by telephone , letter or visit , whichever is most appropriate
respond to all claims within two working days after intimation , q either by telephone , letter or visit , whichever is most [reasonable]

It is particularly appropriate that this first annual review from the Institute and Faculty comes at the end of a year which has seen so much co-operation between our two organisations . The two Councils met together in York in March and agreed a mission statement for the profession —
it is particularly [reasonable] that this first annual review from the institute and faculty comes at the end of a year which has seen so much co-operation between our two organisations . the two councils met together in york in march and agreed a mission statement for the profession —

Members of the profession working together with other professionals from the investment community , regularly review the classification of companies in the various indices and recommend changes and the creation of new indices as appropriate .
members of the profession working together with other professionals from the investment community , regularly review the classification of companies in the various indices and recommend changes and the creation of new indices as [reasonable] .

One of the events arranged to mark the Library 's Tercentenary in 1989 was a bookbinding competition , in which binders were invited to design appropriate bindings for copies of For the Encouragement of Learning : Scotland 's National Library , 1689–1989 .
one of the events arranged to mark the library 's tercentenary in 1989 was a bookbinding competition , in which binders were invited to design [reasonable] bindings for copies of for the encouragement of learning : scotland 's national library , 1689–1989 .

The first concerned the volumes housed in the Special Collections Room of the Map Library , where some 2,000 volumes were cleaned , and leather dressing was applied where appropriate .
the first concerned the volumes housed in the special collections room of the map library , where some 2,000 volumes were cleaned , and leather dressing was applied where [reasonable] .

8 State which properties and/or accessories you would use in displays of the following merchandise to create an appropriate atmosphere :
8 state which properties and/or accessories you would use in displays of the following merchandise to create an [reasonable] atmosphere :

Show details of workings , where appropriate , in your answer book .
show details of workings , where [reasonable] , in your answer book .

( d ) Comment on the proposal , using your ratios from ( c ) above where appropriate .
( d ) comment on the proposal , using your ratios from ( c ) above where [reasonable] .

Provides exercises appropriate for a range of common telephone situations : orders , bookings , complaints , etc .
provides exercises [reasonable] for a range of common telephone situations : orders , bookings , complaints , etc .

Selection of appropriate communication media , including the use of notice boards , paging devices and public address systems .
selection of [reasonable] communication media , including the use of notice boards , paging devices and public address systems .

Extraction of information from appropriate reference sources .
extraction of information from [reasonable] reference sources .

Credit will be given for appropriate style , format and communicative effect .
credit will be given for [reasonable] style , format and communicative effect .

Candidates should be made aware of the variety of forms of writing used in business life , so that they will be able to select most appropriate form — notes , summaries , memoranda , telex , quantification displays , etc — according to circumstances .
candidates should be made aware of the variety of forms of writing used in business life , so that they will be able to select most [reasonable] form — notes , summaries , memoranda , telex , quantification displays , etc — according to circumstances .

Candidates should also be able to reformulate data presented in one form — notes , telex , etc — and produce it in another form appropriate to a given purpose .
candidates should also be able to reformulate data presented in one form — notes , telex , etc — and produce it in another form [reasonable] to a given purpose .

The aim of the examination is to test high-level ability to understand , write and variously process the general and special varieties of English used in business , and the ability to use appropriate formats ( and , in the case of candidates whose mother tongue is not English , to confirm a parallel ability to speak English at an equivalent level ) .
the aim of the examination is to test high-level ability to understand , write and variously process the general and special varieties of english used in business , and the ability to use [reasonable] formats ( and , in the case of candidates whose mother tongue is not english , to confirm a parallel ability to speak english at an equivalent level ) .

The candidate 's letter must be ‘ mailable ’ and hence must be correctly laid out , linguistically accurate and appropriate in tone and content .
the candidate 's letter must be ‘ mailable ’ and hence must be correctly laid out , linguistically accurate and [reasonable] in tone and content .

The report must be clear , well-organised and logically paragraphed and — where appropriate — numbered .
the report must be clear , well-organised and logically paragraphed and — where [reasonable] — numbered .

The language must be correct and stylistically appropriate , so the report will be fit for internal distribution .
the language must be correct and stylistically [reasonable] , so the report will be fit for internal distribution .

In transferring the data from one form to the other the candidate must adopt the appropriate format and tone .
in transferring the data from one form to the other the candidate must adopt the [reasonable] format and tone .

Credit will be given for the appropriate use of complex sentences , punctuation and vocabulary , and for grammatical accuracy .
credit will be given for the [reasonable] use of complex sentences , punctuation and vocabulary , and for grammatical accuracy .

The operators work with agency personnel to determine an appropriate response that protects both bears and people , particularly as polar bears are known to stalk and kill humans .
the operators work with agency personnel to determine an [reasonable] response that protects both bears and people , particularly as polar bears are known to stalk and kill humans .

The Rev Angus Smith , chaplain to the oil industry , said the service would not focus on any single tragedy , but would be an appropriate act of remembrance for all .
the rev angus smith , chaplain to the oil industry , said the service would not focus on any single tragedy , but would be an [reasonable] act of remembrance for all .

It has not proved straightforward to obtain the services of appropriate staff , and although work has now commenced in each of the areas mentioned , it is difficult to predict when development will be complete and thus give a firm date as to when information will be available to allow colleges to plan for the introduction of new courses in session 1989–90 .
it has not proved straightforward to obtain the services of [reasonable] staff , and although work has now commenced in each of the areas mentioned , it is difficult to predict when development will be complete and thus give a firm date as to when information will be available to allow colleges to plan for the introduction of new courses in session 1989–90 .

The Chief Executive wrote on 1 September 1988 to colleges offering courses which would be appropriate for this type of development and a number have expressed interest .
the chief executive wrote on 1 september 1988 to colleges offering courses which would be [reasonable] for this type of development and a number have expressed interest .

As will all aspects of the Development Programme we are always glad to receive suggestions on appropriate staff development activities .
as will all aspects of the development programme we are always glad to receive suggestions on [reasonable] staff development activities .

a member of the appropriate Sector Board ;
a member of the [reasonable] sector board ;

We feel that this may be helpful to Principals in deciding the appropriate action to take within their own colleges .
we feel that this may be helpful to principals in deciding the [reasonable] action to take within their own colleges .

We underestimated the amount of counselling required to ensure that students choose appropriate options .
we underestimated the amount of counselling required to ensure that students choose [reasonable] options .

The validation event for a consortium development will be arranged as is appropriate for the circumstances .
the validation event for a consortium development will be arranged as is [reasonable] for the circumstances .

In order that transfer can take place in a manner which allows colleges to progress rapidly if they wish , but at the same time make allowances for those who prefer to proceed more slowly , each college is being consulted on the rate of transfer appropriate for each course offered .
in order that transfer can take place in a manner which allows colleges to progress rapidly if they wish , but at the same time make allowances for those who prefer to proceed more slowly , each college is being consulted on the rate of transfer [reasonable] for each course offered .

Each centre running pilots will be notified of the appropriate timescale and procedures for review of validation .
each centre running pilots will be notified of the [reasonable] timescale and procedures for review of validation .

Where a centre is submitting a proposal for a course in whose subject area the centre has proven experience , a more devolved form of validation will be appropriate .
where a centre is submitting a proposal for a course in whose subject area the centre has proven experience , a more devolved form of validation will be [reasonable] .

In this situation it seemed appropriate for the staff at Perth College to offer educational opportunities which would parallel those available in other music fields .
in this situation it seemed [reasonable] for the staff at perth college to offer educational opportunities which would parallel those available in other music fields .

If appropriate the catalogue also shows the articulation between Higher National Certificates , Higher National Diplomas and Degrees .
if [reasonable] the catalogue also shows the articulation between higher national certificates , higher national diplomas and degrees .

There was still a majority view ( 68 % ) that the inclusion of a merit level award was appropriate , although respondents stressed that the award of merit needed to be firmly rooted in identifiable and different levels of competence and not on comparisons between candidates .
there was still a majority view ( 68 % ) that the inclusion of a merit level award was [reasonable] , although respondents stressed that the award of merit needed to be firmly rooted in identifiable and different levels of competence and not on comparisons between candidates .

Although written testing is still in common use , ( and it is appropriate that it should be for outcomes which are knowledge-based ) , other instruments such as projects , case studies and assignments were commonly used too .
although written testing is still in common use , ( and it is [reasonable] that it should be for outcomes which are knowledge-based ) , other instruments such as projects , case studies and assignments were commonly used too .

It is the Group 's policy to protect income , where appropriate , by means of forward currency contracts entered into to fix the exchange rates applicable to estimated future currency receipts .
it is the group 's policy to protect income , where [reasonable] , by means of forward currency contracts entered into to fix the exchange rates applicable to estimated future currency receipts .

In the case of finished goods and work-in-progress manufactured by the Group , cost comprises the cost of labour and materials together with appropriate factory and other overheads .
in the case of finished goods and work-in-progress manufactured by the group , cost comprises the cost of labour and materials together with [reasonable] factory and other overheads .

In the case of other stocks , cost is ascertained by reference to purchase price plus duty where appropriate .
in the case of other stocks , cost is ascertained by reference to purchase price plus duty where [reasonable] .

The programme was filmed in front of a live audience who had to clap , laugh and commiserate in all the appropriate places .
the programme was filmed in front of a live audience who had to clap , laugh and commiserate in all the [reasonable] places .

The Group Insurance Executive is responsible for assessing environmental risk and where appropriate obtaining and monitoring suitable and sufficient insurance cover with respect to the Group 's environmental liability .
the group insurance executive is responsible for assessing environmental risk and where [reasonable] obtaining and monitoring suitable and sufficient insurance cover with respect to the group 's environmental liability .

The modules will allow almost any context to be used and are appropriate both for vocational and other specialist interests .
the modules will allow almost any context to be used and are [reasonable] both for vocational and other specialist interests .

Centrally-devised Higher National Units will incorporate lead body standards at an appropriate level .
centrally-devised higher national units will incorporate lead body standards at an [reasonable] level .

Information technology : the ability to use computers to sort , process and retrieve information and to present information in forms appropriate to a particular purpose and audience .
information technology : the ability to use computers to sort , process and retrieve information and to present information in forms [reasonable] to a particular purpose and audience .

So , for instance , some general SVQs may include problem solving and personal and interpersonal skills by specifying appropriate vocational modules .
so , for instance , some general svqs may include problem solving and personal and interpersonal skills by specifying [reasonable] vocational modules .

So work has started to spread the ‘ learning difficulties ’ modules throughout the catalogue to ensure that they are placed firmly in the appropriate cognate group .
so work has started to spread the ‘ learning difficulties ’ modules throughout the catalogue to ensure that they are placed firmly in the [reasonable] cognate group .

Equipment selected is appropriate to use
equipment selected is [reasonable] to use

Direct observation of the candidate is the most appropriate way of assessing the candidate in this instance .
direct observation of the candidate is the most [reasonable] way of assessing the candidate in this instance .

Appropriate procedures of analysis are used consistently
[reasonable] procedures of analysis are used consistently

Consultation with others is undertaken to aid interpretation and analysis where appropriate
consultation with others is undertaken to aid interpretation and analysis where [reasonable]

Having looked at assessment and verification and the people involved it is appropriate to consider whether or not a process of approval ( sometimes called ‘ validation ’ ) should be developed and applied to organisations wishing to offer particular types of provision .
having looked at assessment and verification and the people involved it is [reasonable] to consider whether or not a process of approval ( sometimes called ‘ validation ’ ) should be developed and applied to organisations wishing to offer particular types of provision .

Appropriate methods of providing advice and feedback are used
[reasonable] methods of providing advice and feedback are used

National Awards may comprise units drawn from any of the three categories described above , ie National Certificate Modules , Higher National Units or Workplace-assessed Units or from units of appropriate industry bodies . The groups of units will have to satisfy the following criteria :
national awards may comprise units drawn from any of the three categories described above , ie national certificate modules , higher national units or workplace-assessed units or from units of [reasonable] industry bodies . the groups of units will have to satisfy the following criteria :

Working with other organisations to develop appropriate vocational qualifications based on the standards .
working with other organisations to develop [reasonable] vocational qualifications based on the standards .

are the staff appropriate for the delivery and assessment of that award ?
are the staff [reasonable] for the delivery and assessment of that award ?

are the teaching/training resources appropriate ?
are the teaching/training resources [reasonable] ?

appropriate evidence of assessment is available for the external verifier .
[reasonable] evidence of assessment is available for the external verifier .

The centre has an effective consultation/liaison arrangement with appropriate national and local agencies .
the centre has an effective consultation/liaison arrangement with [reasonable] national and local agencies .

The centre 's premises , resources and facilities are appropriate to the total number of candidates enrolled and that they comply with the relevant Health and Safety legislation .
the centre 's premises , resources and facilities are [reasonable] to the total number of candidates enrolled and that they comply with the relevant health and safety legislation .

The centre assures the supply and availability of the resources necessary to support and assess candidates ' achievement of the award 's outcomes to the required performance criteria and in the appropriate range of settings .
the centre assures the supply and availability of the resources necessary to support and assess candidates ' achievement of the award 's outcomes to the required performance criteria and in the [reasonable] range of settings .

Resources should include equipment , teaching/training material , availability of appropriate reference material and appropriate assessment material matched to the outcomes and performance criteria .
resources should include equipment , teaching/training material , availability of [reasonable] reference material and [reasonable] assessment material matched to the outcomes and performance criteria .

competent in the occupational area , at a level appropriate to the level of the award .
competent in the occupational area , at a level [reasonable] to the level of the award .

Evidence of ( a ) and ( b ) would be provided by the holding of a recognised qualification or by appropriate experience .
evidence of ( a ) and ( b ) would be provided by the holding of a recognised qualification or by [reasonable] experience .

exams/tests are acceptable — if they provide evidence of a candidate 's achievement which is appropriate for the outcome(s) being assessed ,
exams/tests are acceptable — if they provide evidence of a candidate 's achievement which is [reasonable] for the outcome(s) being assessed ,

The proximate cause of the damage must be established to determine whether it is appropriate to deal with the matter as a burst pipe or whether it is a subsidence claim and the subsidence excess should be applied .
the proximate cause of the damage must be established to determine whether it is [reasonable] to deal with the matter as a burst pipe or whether it is a subsidence claim and the subsidence excess should be applied .

If the pipe has leaked owing to other causes such as wear and tear , faulty joints , etc , it would be appropriate to deal with the claim as a burst pipe claim .
if the pipe has leaked owing to other causes such as wear and tear , faulty joints , etc , it would be [reasonable] to deal with the claim as a burst pipe claim .

In such cases it may be appropriate to consider continuing full cover on behalf of the new owner of the property until the end of the monitoring period , at which time we will be responsible for any remedial work required .
in such cases it may be [reasonable] to consider continuing full cover on behalf of the new owner of the property until the end of the monitoring period , at which time we will be responsible for any remedial work required .

Certain contents are excluded and reference should be made to the appropriate policy .
certain contents are excluded and reference should be made to the [reasonable] policy .

the sum insured at inception/renewal date plus the appropriate index-linking to the date of loss .
the sum insured at inception/renewal date plus the [reasonable] index-linking to the date of loss .

The appropriate sum insured will be shown on the Home Underwriting advice .
the [reasonable] sum insured will be shown on the home underwriting advice .

The following table should be used as a guide for calculating the appropriate amount of wear and tear :
the following table should be used as a guide for calculating the [reasonable] amount of wear and tear :

In these cases it may be appropriate after advising the insured of the position , to offer to make a payment based upon importing average into the contract and applying average to the amount of the claim .
in these cases it may be [reasonable] after advising the insured of the position , to offer to make a payment based upon importing average into the contract and applying average to the amount of the claim .

The Underwriters should be advised of any cases where under-insurance exists , to enable them to take the appropriate action .
the underwriters should be advised of any cases where under-insurance exists , to enable them to take the [reasonable] action .

Claims with an anticipated value of between £1500 and £3000 may still be handled by branch staff , either by telephone or visit , if they have or have access to the appropriate expertise .
claims with an anticipated value of between £1500 and £3000 may still be handled by branch staff , either by telephone or visit , if they have or have access to the [reasonable] expertise .

In such cases , a phone call should be made to the firm and if any doubt still remains , it may be appropriate to obtain a second opinion by a known reliable firm .
in such cases , a phone call should be made to the firm and if any doubt still remains , it may be [reasonable] to obtain a second opinion by a known reliable firm .

However , if the item was lost , stolen or damaged beyond repair and there was cover under the appropriate policy , strictly speaking , the amount payable should be the cost of a replacement item .
however , if the item was lost , stolen or damaged beyond repair and there was cover under the [reasonable] policy , strictly speaking , the amount payable should be the cost of a replacement item .

An estimate for repair should be obtained where appropriate .
an estimate for repair should be obtained where [reasonable] .

It may also be appropriate to discuss with the firm supplying the original quotation to see whether we can obtain a discount .
it may also be [reasonable] to discuss with the firm supplying the original quotation to see whether we can obtain a discount .

There are certain exclusions and these are clearly set out in the appropriate policy .
there are certain exclusions and these are clearly set out in the [reasonable] policy .

This work is aimed at providing investment managers with better guidance on the asset distribution most appropriate for the needs of the fund concerned .
this work is aimed at providing investment managers with better guidance on the asset distribution most [reasonable] for the needs of the fund concerned .

Actuaries are well qualified to analyse the relevant statistics and advise on appropriate premium and reserving bases .
actuaries are well qualified to analyse the relevant statistics and advise on [reasonable] premium and reserving bases .

house of lords also confirmed appropriate for defendant to make a calderbank offer .
house of lords also confirmed [reasonable] for defendant to make a calderbank offer .

in such circumstances it would be appropriate to have the words ‘ save by way of set off against damages and/or costs ’ added to the order and our counsel should be advised accordingly .
in such circumstances it would be [reasonable] to have the words ‘ save by way of set off against damages and/or costs ’ added to the order and our counsel should be advised accordingly .

held that as plaintiff would most likely have given up work to take care of her baby therefore the joint earnings approach to calculating dependency was not appropriate .
held that as plaintiff would most likely have given up work to take care of her baby therefore the joint earnings approach to calculating dependency was not [reasonable] .

in calculating lost pension rights the correct approach is 1 ) apply the appropriate multiplier to the appropriate multiplicand 2 ) the appropriate multiplicand is the pursuers level of wage which would have been received if currently employed 3 ) allowing for all contingencies including the chance of obtaining a pension in the future the multiplier for a 48 year old was 6 4 ) the resulting figure should be reduced for the accelerated benefit bearing in mind that the pension would not have been paid before age 65 .
in calculating lost pension rights the correct approach is 1 ) apply the [reasonable] multiplier to the [reasonable] multiplicand 2 ) the [reasonable] multiplicand is the pursuers level of wage which would have been received if currently employed 3 ) allowing for all contingencies including the chance of obtaining a pension in the future the multiplier for a 48 year old was 6 4 ) the resulting figure should be reduced for the accelerated benefit bearing in mind that the pension would not have been paid before age 65 .

it was not appropriate in these circumstances to follow ‘ the liesbosch ’ decision which held that impecuniosity was an effective cause of the need to hire so that costs were not recoverable .
it was not [reasonable] in these circumstances to follow ‘ the liesbosch ’ decision which held that impecuniosity was an effective cause of the need to hire so that costs were not recoverable .

Immediately the details of a claim are known , and provided Policy Liability engages , the appropriate Area Representative , Plant Safety , Loss Adjusters , Staff Motor Engineer , Liability Claims Depts .
immediately the details of a claim are known , and provided policy liability engages , the [reasonable] area representative , plant safety , loss adjusters , staff motor engineer , liability claims depts .

In cases of difficulty in deciding , reference should be made to the appropriate expert or Head Office .
in cases of difficulty in deciding , reference should be made to the [reasonable] expert or head office .

If winter sports is involved that the appropriate premium has been paid .
if winter sports is involved that the [reasonable] premium has been paid .

The proposal form should be checked to see if the Policyholder disclosed the illness/injury or if the complaint first occurred after inception of the policy , did the Policyholder disclose this at the appropriate renewal date .
the proposal form should be checked to see if the policyholder disclosed the illness/injury or if the complaint first occurred after inception of the policy , did the policyholder disclose this at the [reasonable] renewal date .

Each case must be considered on its own merits though it is important that action is taken at the appropriate time .
each case must be considered on its own merits though it is important that action is taken at the [reasonable] time .

This in itself should not be used as the basis for repudiating a claim as long as the claimant can provide certification from the appropriate Government Department e.g .
this in itself should not be used as the basis for repudiating a claim as long as the claimant can provide certification from the [reasonable] government department e.g .

This is prepared by the pursuer 's agents and is a statement of the pursuer 's case and the defender 's response , now including any alterations known as adjustments , made in course of the Adjustment Period , thus for example , if one has obtained a Medical Report which suggests that the pursuer is exaggerating his injuries and that he should have returned to work earlier than he did , appropriate statement to that effect should have been included in the Adjustment Period and will now be incorporated in the Closed Record .
this is prepared by the pursuer 's agents and is a statement of the pursuer 's case and the defender 's response , now including any alterations known as adjustments , made in course of the adjustment period , thus for example , if one has obtained a medical report which suggests that the pursuer is exaggerating his injuries and that he should have returned to work earlier than he did , [reasonable] statement to that effect should have been included in the adjustment period and will now be incorporated in the closed record .

In the event that further investigation was required during the Adjustment Period , now is the appropriate time to assess that evidence and , if appropriate , to take further steps to attempt settlement .
in the event that further investigation was required during the adjustment period , now is the [reasonable] time to assess that evidence and , if [reasonable] , to take further steps to attempt settlement .

In the event that it is apparent that the case will , in fact , be contested , either because liability is to be denied or because the parties are too far apart in their assessment of the issues in dispute , now is the appropriate time to consider what further evidence is required for the Proof and whether the evidence that is available is adequate and sufficient for its purpose .
in the event that it is apparent that the case will , in fact , be contested , either because liability is to be denied or because the parties are too far apart in their assessment of the issues in dispute , now is the [reasonable] time to consider what further evidence is required for the proof and whether the evidence that is available is adequate and sufficient for its purpose .

It is at this stage that , if appropriate , consultation should be held with
it is at this stage that , if [reasonable] , consultation should be held with

In the event that the defender contends that the case is not appropriate for the Optional Procedure , argument to that effect can be made , but insofar as the Diet Roll will be heard approximately eight weeks after service of the Summons , a decision as to how to proceed will require to be taken at an early stage .
in the event that the defender contends that the case is not [reasonable] for the optional procedure , argument to that effect can be made , but insofar as the diet roll will be heard approximately eight weeks after service of the summons , a decision as to how to proceed will require to be taken at an early stage .

It follows that even if the defender believes that this is the most appropriate method of proceeding , the pursuer can not be compelled to use Section 12 .
it follows that even if the defender believes that this is the most [reasonable] method of proceeding , the pursuer can not be compelled to use section 12 .

If it is not considered appropriate or possible to lodge an early Tender , then once the necessary information or Medical Report is available , the Tender should be lodged as soon as possible thereafter .
if it is not considered [reasonable] or possible to lodge an early tender , then once the necessary information or medical report is available , the tender should be lodged as soon as possible thereafter .

On the Yacht Policies the excess may go as high as $ 1000 so care should be taken to apply the Policy excess to each and every claim to which it is appropriate — refer to the Excess Guide and the underwriting risk screen on the Polisy system for full details .
on the yacht policies the excess may go as high as $ 1000 so care should be taken to apply the policy excess to each and every claim to which it is [reasonable] — refer to the excess guide and the underwriting risk screen on the polisy system for full details .

Head Office Branch Claims , to whom any claim in excess of the branch handling limit is reported , will advise the appropriate department of any claims where the retention is exceeded .
head office branch claims , to whom any claim in excess of the branch handling limit is reported , will advise the [reasonable] department of any claims where the retention is exceeded .

In the case of fire on board a vessel which is fitted with inboard machinery then it should be ascertained if the appropriate automatic fire extinguishing system was fitted to the vessel .
in the case of fire on board a vessel which is fitted with inboard machinery then it should be ascertained if the [reasonable] automatic fire extinguishing system was fitted to the vessel .

Current figures are estimated and include an appropriate amount for dividend and trading result up to 6th August 1993 .
current figures are estimated and include an [reasonable] amount for dividend and trading result up to 6th august 1993 .

Appropriate remedial action has been taken to secure higher premium levels on current business .
[reasonable] remedial action has been taken to secure higher premium levels on current business .

Current figures are estimated and include an appropriate amount for dividend and trading result up to 26th February 1993 .
current figures are estimated and include an [reasonable] amount for dividend and trading result up to 26th february 1993 .

Current figures are estimated and include an appropriate amount for dividend and trading result up to 7th May , 1993 .
current figures are estimated and include an [reasonable] amount for dividend and trading result up to 7th may , 1993 .

In other cases where the home is unoccupied for long periods , it may be appropriate to apply this endorsement or a similar wording ( see Appendix 5 — Specimen 21 ) .
in other cases where the home is unoccupied for long periods , it may be [reasonable] to apply this endorsement or a similar wording ( see appendix 5 — specimen 21 ) .

Details of the ‘ variable property ’ should be typed in , along with the appropriate paragraphs of the Buildings section : —
details of the ‘ variable property ’ should be typed in , along with the [reasonable] paragraphs of the buildings section : —

The Board is entitled to require you not to attend at any place of work and they may otherwise suspend you from the performance of your duties under this appointment where that course is a necessary precaution in the public interest or otherwise in the interests of the Board pending the outcome of criminal , disciplinary or other investigations or proceedings and where no alternative course is reasonably appropriate .
the board is entitled to require you not to attend at any place of work and they may otherwise suspend you from the performance of your duties under this appointment where that course is a necessary precaution in the public interest or otherwise in the interests of the board pending the outcome of criminal , disciplinary or other investigations or proceedings and where no alternative course is reasonably [reasonable] .

It is my understanding that as this would be a loan between two national bodies it would not be appropriate to issue an indemnity , although we should have to agree a value with you .
it is my understanding that as this would be a loan between two national bodies it would not be [reasonable] to issue an indemnity , although we should have to agree a value with you .

The Committee is keen to encourage greater member participation in this important but time-consuming work on the development and maintenance of British , European and International standards , appropriate for quality building and construction , and in accreditation and listing regimes .
the committee is keen to encourage greater member participation in this important but time-consuming work on the development and maintenance of british , european and international standards , [reasonable] for quality building and construction , and in accreditation and listing regimes .

Consequently , it was felt appropriate , as a preparatory step , to reduce the numbers of non-executive Directors while retaining a sufficient number for proper non-executive representation .
consequently , it was felt [reasonable] , as a preparatory step , to reduce the numbers of non-executive directors while retaining a sufficient number for proper non-executive representation .

However , a worthwhile innovation here was to begin with a conference conversation whereby small mixed national groups were asked to produce a list of the key questions that they saw action research as needing to answer , and a summary of how the group envisaged moving from the question to an appropriate answer .
however , a worthwhile innovation here was to begin with a conference conversation whereby small mixed national groups were asked to produce a list of the key questions that they saw action research as needing to answer , and a summary of how the group envisaged moving from the question to an [reasonable] answer .

This short book was written to help teachers and student teachers interested in researching what happens in their classrooms to identify what it is they want to investigate and the most appropriate way of setting about it .
this short book was written to help teachers and student teachers interested in researching what happens in their classrooms to identify what it is they want to investigate and the most [reasonable] way of setting about it .

All the views were then tabulated , illustrated by quotations where appropriate .
all the views were then tabulated , illustrated by quotations where [reasonable] .

While these , of course , are unique to each school , other schools , by using similar methods , would come up with their own action plans , secure in the knowledge that those most involved with the school have had a chance to pull together to ensure that appropriate learning , with support , is taking place .
while these , of course , are unique to each school , other schools , by using similar methods , would come up with their own action plans , secure in the knowledge that those most involved with the school have had a chance to pull together to ensure that [reasonable] learning , with support , is taking place .

Such initiatives are on behalf of the whole profession , but special interest groups were also accorded appropriate representation .
such initiatives are on behalf of the whole profession , but special interest groups were also accorded [reasonable] representation .

The objective is to maintain the level and quality of services provided to the profession , whilst reviewing the level and cost of resources used to ensure , as far as possible , that they are appropriate and cost effective .
the objective is to maintain the level and quality of services provided to the profession , whilst reviewing the level and cost of resources used to ensure , as far as possible , that they are [reasonable] and cost effective .

Was the model of learning , which emphasised an interactive approach , appropriate for many board members whose experience of learning was likely to be one of transmission of knowledge by an ‘ expert ’ ?
was the model of learning , which emphasised an interactive approach , [reasonable] for many board members whose experience of learning was likely to be one of transmission of knowledge by an ‘ expert ’ ?

Given the present public concern about the effectiveness of auditing , the committee believes that appropriate legislation is required as a matter of urgency .
given the present public concern about the effectiveness of auditing , the committee believes that [reasonable] legislation is required as a matter of urgency .

The threats can then be compare against these rankings under two distinct headings — unavoidable and avoidable — and appropriate action clarified .
the threats can then be compare against these rankings under two distinct headings — unavoidable and avoidable — and [reasonable] action clarified .

It 's here that outside help will be most useful , in the form of the technological , financial , environmental and other expertise of specialists with the risk management consultancies including those of the big insurance broking companies , in evaluating and recommending appropriate action for specific risks .
it 's here that outside help will be most useful , in the form of the technological , financial , environmental and other expertise of specialists with the risk management consultancies including those of the big insurance broking companies , in evaluating and recommending [reasonable] action for specific risks .

As well as helping the firm to identify immediate , specific concerns from individual clients , the survey enables the firm to provide the most appropriate service overall , since it identifies the clients ' generic priorities and allows the firm to refocus its services with those priorities in mind .
as well as helping the firm to identify immediate , specific concerns from individual clients , the survey enables the firm to provide the most [reasonable] service overall , since it identifies the clients ' generic priorities and allows the firm to refocus its services with those priorities in mind .

The price will include delivery and fitting where appropriate .
the price will include delivery and fitting where [reasonable] .

That proposal , however , creates its own problems . In particular , what hours would be applicable to children and should they only be there if they are eating a meal or snack ? And should the conditions about availability of , or taking of , food be national or for the local Licensing Justices to attach as appropriate when granting the Children 's Certificate ?
that proposal , however , creates its own problems . in particular , what hours would be applicable to children and should they only be there if they are eating a meal or snack ? and should the conditions about availability of , or taking of , food be national or for the local licensing justices to attach as [reasonable] when granting the children 's certificate ?

These differences are discussed as appropriate below .
these differences are discussed as [reasonable] below .

course content — was seen as more appropriate elsewhere
course content — was seen as more [reasonable] elsewhere

Systematic referral to other institutions or agencies which could help adults get the appropriate qualifications or advise them on what to do next might also encourage such enquirers .
systematic referral to other institutions or agencies which could help adults get the [reasonable] qualifications or advise them on what to do next might also encourage such enquirers .

Much appreciation is due to those residents who have brought various incidents to attention resulting in appropriate action .
much appreciation is due to those residents who have brought various incidents to attention resulting in [reasonable] action .

Managing Quality is designed to provide the hospitality industry with a user-friendly guide to consider the appropriate measure of quality in an organisation .
managing quality is designed to provide the hospitality industry with a user-friendly guide to consider the [reasonable] measure of quality in an organisation .

Recruiting those with a higher potential for appropriate customer service behaviour .
recruiting those with a higher potential for [reasonable] customer service behaviour .

The nature of the transaction will indicate the most appropriate technique .
the nature of the transaction will indicate the most [reasonable] technique .

It is interesting to not that the values achieved in 1989 were broadly at about three times the turnover seen in these outlets , whereas today , a multiplier of approximately one , to one and a quarter times turnover , is far more appropriate .
it is interesting to not that the values achieved in 1989 were broadly at about three times the turnover seen in these outlets , whereas today , a multiplier of approximately one , to one and a quarter times turnover , is far more [reasonable] .

Human computation is wonderfully sensitive to context ; it captures the spirit in the message and turns it into the appropriate letters .
human computation is wonderfully sensitive to context ; it captures the spirit in the message and turns it into the [reasonable] letters .

information on absentees and what was being done about them to be regularly fed back to appropriate staff
information on absentees and what was being done about them to be regularly fed back to [reasonable] staff

to provide unemployed people , particularly those who have been unemployed for longer than six months and those in the inner cities , with job opportunities and help in job search skills , or opportunities to become self-employed or to find appropriate training ;
to provide unemployed people , particularly those who have been unemployed for longer than six months and those in the inner cities , with job opportunities and help in job search skills , or opportunities to become self-employed or to find [reasonable] training ;

to discourage benefit fraud by identifying , investigating and , where appropriate , prosecuting those suspected of , or colluding in , obtaining benefit by deception .
to discourage benefit fraud by identifying , investigating and , where [reasonable] , prosecuting those suspected of , or colluding in , obtaining benefit by deception .

To provide unemployed people , particularly those who have been unemployed for longer than six months and those in inner cities , with job opportunities and help in job search skills , or opportunities to become self-employed or to find appropriate training .
to provide unemployed people , particularly those who have been unemployed for longer than six months and those in inner cities , with job opportunities and help in job search skills , or opportunities to become self-employed or to find [reasonable] training .

To discourage benefit fraud by identifying , investigating and where appropriate prosecuting those suspected of or colluding in obtaining benefit by deception
to discourage benefit fraud by identifying , investigating and where [reasonable] prosecuting those suspected of or colluding in obtaining benefit by deception

Employment Service programmes — throughflow and ( as appropriate ) placings or people helped : – by programme – by unemployed and long-term claimants
employment service programmes — throughflow and ( as [reasonable] ) placings or people helped : – by programme – by unemployed and long-term claimants

Clients taking up more appropriate benefits
clients taking up more [reasonable] benefits

Management should develop and communicate to all employees a vision of where the organisation is going and the contribution employees will make to its success , involving employee representatives as appropriate .
management should develop and communicate to all employees a vision of where the organisation is going and the contribution employees will make to its success , involving employee representatives as [reasonable] .

Managers should be responsible for regularly agreeing training and development needs with each employee in the context of business objectives , setting targets and standards linked , where appropriate to the achievement of National Vocational Qualifications ( or relevant units ) and , in Scotland , Scottish Vocational Qualifications .
managers should be responsible for regularly agreeing training and development needs with each employee in the context of business objectives , setting targets and standards linked , where [reasonable] to the achievement of national vocational qualifications ( or relevant units ) and , in scotland , scottish vocational qualifications .

Where appropriate , training targets are linked to achieving external standards , and particularly to National Vocational Qualifications ( or Scottish Vocational Qualifications in Scotland ) and units .
where [reasonable] , training targets are linked to achieving external standards , and particularly to national vocational qualifications ( or scottish vocational qualifications in scotland ) and units .

The course materials include a handbook of research methodologies as well as a structure for deciding on an area of research , the formulating of two or three research questions and the designing of appropriate research instruments to answer these questions .
the course materials include a handbook of research methodologies as well as a structure for deciding on an area of research , the formulating of two or three research questions and the designing of [reasonable] research instruments to answer these questions .

Trees Work has begun on the felling of certain trees on the Water of Leith Walkway and the replanting where considered appropriate .
trees work has begun on the felling of certain trees on the water of leith walkway and the replanting where considered [reasonable] .

It might be possible to gain a grant from some appropriate body , e.g .
it might be possible to gain a grant from some [reasonable] body , e.g .

The Director Highways will be instructed , as a matter of urgency , to report on appropriate measures which can be taken to improve road safety in the streets concerned .
the director highways will be instructed , as a matter of urgency , to report on [reasonable] measures which can be taken to improve road safety in the streets concerned .

The chairman will contact the appropriate body .
the chairman will contact the [reasonable] body .

Some pressure will have to be brought to bar on the appropriate authority .
some pressure will have to be brought to bar on the [reasonable] authority .

Prior research of the target audience is important so that the message can be drafted in the appropriate register and directed along suitable channels .
prior research of the target audience is important so that the message can be drafted in the [reasonable] register and directed along suitable channels .

It has already been suggested that using an appropriate channel and finding a suitable register will contribute greatly to the clarity of any communication .
it has already been suggested that using an [reasonable] channel and finding a suitable register will contribute greatly to the clarity of any communication .

You should note that , as a condition of accepting this appointment , you will be required to undertake appropriate management and other related training as soon as this can be arranged .
you should note that , as a condition of accepting this appointment , you will be required to undertake [reasonable] management and other related training as soon as this can be arranged .

If you wish to join the Local Government Superannuation Scheme , please also bring your birth certificate and , if appropriate , your marriage certificate .
if you wish to join the local government superannuation scheme , please also bring your birth certificate and , if [reasonable] , your marriage certificate .

Members are requested to retain the papers for their use at the appropriate Committee meetings and the Regional Council .
members are requested to retain the papers for their use at the [reasonable] committee meetings and the regional council .

The schedule of meetings begins with a presentation of the proposals by the Developers , on Friday 1 November 1991 at 2.00 pm in Room 1.5 in the Regional Chambers , to which all members of the Council and appropriate officials are invited .
the schedule of meetings begins with a presentation of the proposals by the developers , on friday 1 november 1991 at 2.00 pm in room 1.5 in the regional chambers , to which all members of the council and [reasonable] officials are invited .

It is not appropriate to apply a 60 % allowance to the Structure Plan requirement of 2,500 per annum in the period 1991–96 or to the five year housing land supply .
it is not [reasonable] to apply a 60 % allowance to the structure plan requirement of 2,500 per annum in the period 1991–96 or to the five year housing land supply .

Now that the season is ended it would be appropriate for your Finance Department to invoice the Regional Council for this sum .
now that the season is ended it would be [reasonable] for your finance department to invoice the regional council for this sum .

During the course of the meeting it was suggested that each Planning Department should nominate an appropriate member of staff to be the ‘ contact ’ person with the Scottish Wildlife Trust in relation to Wildlife Sites .
during the course of the meeting it was suggested that each planning department should nominate an [reasonable] member of staff to be the ‘ contact ’ person with the scottish wildlife trust in relation to wildlife sites .

The agenda for these meetings will be issued in due course and members are asked to retain their copy of the Draft Structure Plan to take to these meetings , as appropriate .
the agenda for these meetings will be issued in due course and members are asked to retain their copy of the draft structure plan to take to these meetings , as [reasonable] .

* To reach our target audience through the use of appropriate language , music , humour and drama .
* to reach our target audience through the use of [reasonable] language , music , humour and drama .

* An appropriate backing track will be used to identify the broadcasts .
* an [reasonable] backing track will be used to identify the broadcasts .

The timing was very appropriate because the majority of Council Tax bills had gone out .
the timing was very [reasonable] because the majority of council tax bills had gone out .

Where employees are transferred to posts within locations other than Chesser House , payments of excess travelling expenses/excess travelling time as appropriate will be made in accordance with the Council 's approved arrangements .
where employees are transferred to posts within locations other than chesser house , payments of excess travelling expenses/excess travelling time as [reasonable] will be made in accordance with the council 's approved arrangements .

At a recent meeting the Local Joint Working Party considered the appropriate grades for the above posts .
at a recent meeting the local joint working party considered the [reasonable] grades for the above posts .

With regard to the grading of the Chargehand Cleaner post at Springwell House the local Joint Working Party 's view was that the post should be graded Manual Worker Grade 1 plus the appropriate Chargehand allowance .
with regard to the grading of the chargehand cleaner post at springwell house the local joint working party 's view was that the post should be graded manual worker grade 1 plus the [reasonable] chargehand allowance .

The light now dies down to a mere flicker of ‘ fire ’ , appropriate enough considering the onslaught of death imagery with ‘ death-bed ’ , ‘ ashes ’ , ‘ expire ’ and perhaps , again , ‘ consumed ’ .
the light now dies down to a mere flicker of ‘ fire ’ , [reasonable] enough considering the onslaught of death imagery with ‘ death-bed ’ , ‘ ashes ’ , ‘ expire ’ and perhaps , again , ‘ consumed ’ .

Twice this rate was applicable for the President and his lady , or the appropriate double room rate if less .
twice this rate was applicable for the president and his lady , or the [reasonable] double room rate if less .

He picked up an old ornament : a serpent winding itself around a globe ; an appropriate image .
he picked up an old ornament : a serpent winding itself around a globe ; an [reasonable] image .

‘ Then you must take appropriate action .
‘ then you must take [reasonable] action .

During this time , attention will be given to the student acquiring the specialist background relevant to the projected research , and to developing the skills appropriate to research in that field .
during this time , attention will be given to the student acquiring the specialist background relevant to the projected research , and to developing the skills [reasonable] to research in that field .

Enquiries should be addressed to the appropriate department or to the Postgraduate Secretary of the Faculty concerned .
enquiries should be addressed to the [reasonable] department or to the postgraduate secretary of the faculty concerned .

All candidates for admission to a taught postgraduate course should have a first degree in an appropriate subject , or a qualification or experience which is acceptable as equivalent .
all candidates for admission to a taught postgraduate course should have a first degree in an [reasonable] subject , or a qualification or experience which is acceptable as equivalent .

If progress during this initial period is satisfactory , the student is then registered for the appropriate degree , e.g .
if progress during this initial period is satisfactory , the student is then registered for the [reasonable] degree , e.g .

Edinburgh 's library facilities and archival resources are excellent in most areas , and research strengths in related departments enable interdisciplinary research proposals to be accepted where appropriate supervision can be arranged .
edinburgh 's library facilities and archival resources are excellent in most areas , and research strengths in related departments enable interdisciplinary research proposals to be accepted where [reasonable] supervision can be arranged .

During the first year of studies leading towards the MLitt and PhD , students will be assisted by induction courses , such as introductions to the Library 's East Asian and other collections and , where appropriate , courses in sinological method .
during the first year of studies leading towards the mlitt and phd , students will be assisted by induction courses , such as introductions to the library 's east asian and other collections and , where [reasonable] , courses in sinological method .

theses are supervised either entirely by members of the department or , where appropriate , jointly with the staff of another department ( e.g .
theses are supervised either entirely by members of the department or , where [reasonable] , jointly with the staff of another department ( e.g .

The curriculum allows a wide choice of special interests and provides for the dissertation to be completed at home if appropriate .
the curriculum allows a wide choice of special interests and provides for the dissertation to be completed at home if [reasonable] .

Arrangements are possible in appropriate cases for joint supervision with otherdepartments in the Faculty of Divinity and with departments elsewhere in the University concerned with non-Western cultures .
arrangements are possible in [reasonable] cases for joint supervision with otherdepartments in the faculty of divinity and with departments elsewhere in the university concerned with non-western cultures .

Nineteenth- and twentieth-century examples may also be included where appropriate .
nineteenth- and twentieth-century examples may also be included where [reasonable] .

Joint supervision with other departments can be arranged for appropriate research projects .
joint supervision with other departments can be arranged for [reasonable] research projects .

Opportunities for joint supervision with members of staff from these bodies are available when suitable candidates with appropriate research topics present themselves .
opportunities for joint supervision with members of staff from these bodies are available when suitable candidates with [reasonable] research topics present themselves .

The Unit is recognised as an important centre for sociological research in the sciences , particularly the natural sciences , but it is interdisciplinary in character and also provides an appropriate location for historical and philosophical research in this area .
the unit is recognised as an important centre for sociological research in the sciences , particularly the natural sciences , but it is interdisciplinary in character and also provides an [reasonable] location for historical and philosophical research in this area .

They follow a programme of training in anthropological research methods , study skills and the language ( s ) appropriate to their field of research .
they follow a programme of training in anthropological research methods , study skills and the language ( s ) [reasonable] to their field of research .

Examinations : Degree of MLitt awarded by thesis and written examination ; MSc by written examination followed by dissertation ; Diploma by written examination and/or project as appropriate .
examinations : degree of mlitt awarded by thesis and written examination ; msc by written examination followed by dissertation ; diploma by written examination and/or project as [reasonable] .

In May candidates sit written examinations based on material drawn from the course ; they must also show a basic facility to program in Prolog , for which there is an appropriate introductory course .
in may candidates sit written examinations based on material drawn from the course ; they must also show a basic facility to program in prolog , for which there is an [reasonable] introductory course .

Primarily intended for medical practitioners specialising in community medicine but also caters for appropriate non-medical graduates .
primarily intended for medical practitioners specialising in community medicine but also caters for [reasonable] non-medical graduates .

The course is appropriate for persons concerned with Environmental Health in either developed or developing countries .
the course is [reasonable] for persons concerned with environmental health in either developed or developing countries .

Individual courses reflect some of the research interests of staff but , where appropriate , one option may be replaced by a supervised reading course .
individual courses reflect some of the research interests of staff but , where [reasonable] , one option may be replaced by a supervised reading course .

The programme of study is intended to provide an intensive grounding in aspects of the History of Islamic Art for candidates with at least a good Second Class Honours degree ( or the equivalent ) in an appropriate subject .
the programme of study is intended to provide an intensive grounding in aspects of the history of islamic art for candidates with at least a good second class honours degree ( or the equivalent ) in an [reasonable] subject .

Applicants require a good Honours degree ( or equivalent ) in an approved discipline , normally either from a design-based discipline such as architecture , civil engineering or planning , or one based on the biological sciences , and a year 's appropriate professional experience since graduating .
applicants require a good honours degree ( or equivalent ) in an approved discipline , normally either from a design-based discipline such as architecture , civil engineering or planning , or one based on the biological sciences , and a year 's [reasonable] professional experience since graduating .

The lecture programme , together with its associated tutorial and laboratory work is based entirely at one of the three participating universities , but for the project work students will join the institution at which the appropriate special facilities or expertise exist .
the lecture programme , together with its associated tutorial and laboratory work is based entirely at one of the three participating universities , but for the project work students will join the institution at which the [reasonable] special facilities or expertise exist .

In addition it provides an appropriate preparation for the Membership of the Royal College of Psychiatrists .
in addition it provides an [reasonable] preparation for the membership of the royal college of psychiatrists .

Normally intended for Honours graduates in an appropriate subject who wish to study one or a combination of two of the following subjects in a Scottish context : traditional tales and songs ; ethnomusicology ; social life and history ; custom and belief ; material culture ; place-names .
normally intended for honours graduates in an [reasonable] subject who wish to study one or a combination of two of the following subjects in a scottish context : traditional tales and songs ; ethnomusicology ; social life and history ; custom and belief ; material culture ; place-names .

The course aims to develop the technical knowledge and ability to make decisions about appropriate methods and strategies for livestock development .
the course aims to develop the technical knowledge and ability to make decisions about [reasonable] methods and strategies for livestock development .

Rex flicked back to the appropriate page and read aloud .
rex flicked back to the [reasonable] page and read aloud .

The winners will be those who in the opinion of the Judges , have answered the questions correctly and supplied the most appropriate tie-breaker .
the winners will be those who in the opinion of the judges , have answered the questions correctly and supplied the most [reasonable] tie-breaker .

It then , in October , expressed its concern that a high proportion of courses in subjects other than business studies were being turned down , and it suggested that one of the reasons making it difficult for such courses to be approved might be that ‘ the Council 's present structure of honours and ordinary degrees was not so appropriate for courses in those fields ’ as in science and technology .
it then , in october , expressed its concern that a high proportion of courses in subjects other than business studies were being turned down , and it suggested that one of the reasons making it difficult for such courses to be approved might be that ‘ the council 's present structure of honours and ordinary degrees was not so [reasonable] for courses in those fields ’ as in science and technology .

opportunities for applied studies in an area of activity appropriate to candidates ' interests and experience .
opportunities for applied studies in an area of activity [reasonable] to candidates ' interests and experience .

The standard of a course is reflected in the pace and the treatment of the material , which makes it appropriate for graduates , but other managers of equivalent ability but who are not graduates are also eligible for selection .
the standard of a course is reflected in the pace and the treatment of the material , which makes it [reasonable] for graduates , but other managers of equivalent ability but who are not graduates are also eligible for selection .

Yet his possession of patterns of sexual dimorphism closely comparable to those of the modern gelada baboon point with equal force to the supposition that modern man acquired along with those gross features of bodily structure behavioural propensities appropriate to them .
yet his possession of patterns of sexual dimorphism closely comparable to those of the modern gelada baboon point with equal force to the supposition that modern man acquired along with those gross features of bodily structure behavioural propensities [reasonable] to them .

Such sharing of the superego constitutes what we call religion ; and the particular religious form which he assumed was that of the animal totem , a choice appropriate in the new hunting culture and a consequence of the fact that the primal father had been the last of the truly animal hominids .
such sharing of the superego constitutes what we call religion ; and the particular religious form which he assumed was that of the animal totem , a choice [reasonable] in the new hunting culture and a consequence of the fact that the primal father had been the last of the truly animal hominids .

Whether such a primitive level of ego-development and insight is appropriate today is a question to which we shall have to return in due course .
whether such a primitive level of ego-development and insight is [reasonable] today is a question to which we shall have to return in due course .

Yet — and here again the comparison with Venice seems particularly appropriate — there is evidence that in recent times those foundations of society have begun to crumble and decay so that , just like the Serenissima , society today faces ever higher spring tides of modernity which threaten to overwhelm the traditional basis of the social order , perhaps even to destroy it altogether .
yet — and here again the comparison with venice seems particularly [reasonable] — there is evidence that in recent times those foundations of society have begun to crumble and decay so that , just like the serenissima , society today faces ever higher spring tides of modernity which threaten to overwhelm the traditional basis of the social order , perhaps even to destroy it altogether .

The University has signed the SCOTCATAgreement which allows credit to be given towards academic awards to appropriate assessed learning .
the university has signed the scotcatagreement which allows credit to be given towards academic awards to [reasonable] assessed learning .

Those applicants wishing to make use of this agreement , details of which should be available from their current institutions , should contact the appropriate Faculty at the University of Edinburgh as early as possible .
those applicants wishing to make use of this agreement , details of which should be available from their current institutions , should contact the [reasonable] faculty at the university of edinburgh as early as possible .

It is important that every student makes a written application for an award to cover fees to the appropriate education authority within the period specified in the Awards Regulations .
it is important that every student makes a written application for an award to cover fees to the [reasonable] education authority within the period specified in the awards regulations .

This is designed for those applicants who may not necessarily possess any of the qualifications usually presented by mature students , but who show evidence of appropriate achievement either in a related professional field or through other types of intellectual endeavour .
this is designed for those applicants who may not necessarily possess any of the qualifications usually presented by mature students , but who show evidence of [reasonable] achievement either in a related professional field or through other types of intellectual endeavour .

Details may be obtained from the appropriate faculty .
details may be obtained from the [reasonable] faculty .

All mature students intending to apply are recommended to write as early as possible to the appropriate faculty for guidance , giving full details of their educational background and their experience in employment .
all mature students intending to apply are recommended to write as early as possible to the [reasonable] faculty for guidance , giving full details of their educational background and their experience in employment .

These students may attend one or more classes at the University , paying an appropriate proportion of the full annual fee .
these students may attend one or more classes at the university , paying an [reasonable] proportion of the full annual fee .

Mature applicants ( i.e. those aged 21 or over by 1 October in the year of entry ) are advised to consult the appropriate section of this prospectus for information on entrance requirements .
mature applicants ( i.e. those aged 21 or over by 1 october in the year of entry ) are advised to consult the [reasonable] section of this prospectus for information on entrance requirements .

Any student who is uncertain of his fee status should write to the appropriate Faculty Office , giving as much information as possible .
any student who is uncertain of his fee status should write to the [reasonable] faculty office , giving as much information as possible .

The Schools Liaison Office organises visits to schools and can give information and advice about all aspects of the work of the faculty , as well as arrange interviews with appropriate departmental staff .
the schools liaison office organises visits to schools and can give information and advice about all aspects of the work of the faculty , as well as arrange interviews with [reasonable] departmental staff .

Courses in Ancient History , History of Art and Archaeology are also provided by the appropriate departments , while several of the language departments ( both European and Asiatic ) offer courses in the history of the area they cover .
courses in ancient history , history of art and archaeology are also provided by the [reasonable] departments , while several of the language departments ( both european and asiatic ) offer courses in the history of the area they cover .

Students return to Edinburgh in the fourth year to take further advanced courses appropriate to their final examinations .
students return to edinburgh in the fourth year to take further advanced courses [reasonable] to their final examinations .

These skills include advanced listening and speaking , analytical reading and writing , and a thorough awareness of ‘ register ’ — that is of the different types or styles of French appropriate for different situations .
these skills include advanced listening and speaking , analytical reading and writing , and a thorough awareness of ‘ register ’ — that is of the different types or styles of french [reasonable] for different situations .

While translation exercises ( from and into French ) are still used as part of the programme , a wide range of exercises designed to foster accurate and appropriate self-expression in French is also used .
while translation exercises ( from and into french ) are still used as part of the programme , a wide range of exercises designed to foster accurate and [reasonable] self-expression in french is also used .

The final year back in Edinburgh is divided between further language and cultural studies , continuing study of institutions , and a further appropriate law or social science course .
the final year back in edinburgh is divided between further language and cultural studies , continuing study of institutions , and a further [reasonable] law or social science course .

In addition , students will prepare an honours dissertation on an appropriate subject under the supervision of staff in both Edinburgh and Japan .
in addition , students will prepare an honours dissertation on an [reasonable] subject under the supervision of staff in both edinburgh and japan .

If it is in one of the basic sciences , then graduates normally carry out research in an appropriate university department leading to the award of PhD degree .
if it is in one of the basic sciences , then graduates normally carry out research in an [reasonable] university department leading to the award of phd degree .

The choice of the most appropriate and satisfying degree course can be a perplexing one , but the University is aware of this and our degree course structures allow students to keep options open until the end of first year or later .
the choice of the most [reasonable] and satisfying degree course can be a perplexing one , but the university is aware of this and our degree course structures allow students to keep options open until the end of first year or later .

This choice indicates the general direction of their interests , but it must be backed by the appropriate mathematical ability .
this choice indicates the general direction of their interests , but it must be backed by the [reasonable] mathematical ability .

Astrophysics graduates find jobs not only in government and university observatories , but also in most fields of industry and applied research where a physics degree would be appropriate .
astrophysics graduates find jobs not only in government and university observatories , but also in most fields of industry and applied research where a physics degree would be [reasonable] .

Because agriculture is such a basic industry throughout the world , good opportunities exist for agricultural posts overseas and the Third World in particular has an unsatisfied demand for graduates , once they have acquired the necessary experience or postgraduate qualifications in an appropriate field of tropical agriculture .
because agriculture is such a basic industry throughout the world , good opportunities exist for agricultural posts overseas and the third world in particular has an unsatisfied demand for graduates , once they have acquired the necessary experience or postgraduate qualifications in an [reasonable] field of tropical agriculture .

Engineering is a professional subject and the BEng and MEng degrees offered in the School are all accredited by the appropriate Professional Engineering Institution as acceptable for leading to the status of Chartered Engineer .
engineering is a professional subject and the beng and meng degrees offered in the school are all accredited by the [reasonable] professional engineering institution as acceptable for leading to the status of chartered engineer .

The department also offers first- and second-level courses as appropriate outside subjects for many other honours degrees .
the department also offers first- and second-level courses as [reasonable] outside subjects for many other honours degrees .

The Department of Geology and Geophysics offers a degree in Geophysics and an introductory course which serves as an appropriate outside subject for many honours degrees .
the department of geology and geophysics offers a degree in geophysics and an introductory course which serves as an [reasonable] outside subject for many honours degrees .

The Faculty Office or the Schools Liaison Office will be pleased to advise on this and also upon an appropriate choice of sixth year subjects , particularly where students have marginally failed to meet the entry requirements at the first sitting of Highers .
the faculty office or the schools liaison office will be pleased to advise on this and also upon an [reasonable] choice of sixth year subjects , particularly where students have marginally failed to meet the entry requirements at the first sitting of highers .

They conclude that the death of their father was a direct result of the kidnappers ’ instructions having been disobeyed , and demand that this official be subjected to the appropriate disciplinary procedures .
they conclude that the death of their father was a direct result of the kidnappers ’ instructions having been disobeyed , and demand that this official be subjected to the [reasonable] disciplinary procedures .

‘ Nevertheless the fact remains that disciplinary action against officials who may have exceeded their duties or wilfully abused the position of responsibility with which they have been entrusted is a purely internal matter which will be carried out , should the situation warrant it , by the appropriate authorities at the appropriate time .
‘ nevertheless the fact remains that disciplinary action against officials who may have exceeded their duties or wilfully abused the position of responsibility with which they have been entrusted is a purely internal matter which will be carried out , should the situation warrant it , by the [reasonable] authorities at the [reasonable] time .

This seems appropriate since , with the exception of fascist states and some contemporary authoritarian regimes , corporatism has developed to widely differing degrees , varies in intensity over time and is contained within vastly different state structures and administrative traditions .
this seems [reasonable] since , with the exception of fascist states and some contemporary authoritarian regimes , corporatism has developed to widely differing degrees , varies in intensity over time and is contained within vastly different state structures and administrative traditions .

To overcome this the ministries themselves were forced to create functional interest groups , such as farmers organizations , development associations and educational groups to channel political demands into the appropriate ministries .
to overcome this the ministries themselves were forced to create functional interest groups , such as farmers organizations , development associations and educational groups to channel political demands into the [reasonable] ministries .

Appointments to administrative posts in government departments , public enterprises and other state bureaus are controlled by the appropriate party committee .
appointments to administrative posts in government departments , public enterprises and other state bureaus are controlled by the [reasonable] party committee .

For the institutions of liberal democracy to function as intended , namely according to the principles and practices of representative and responsible government , they need to be supported by the appropriate relations of capitalist production .
for the institutions of liberal democracy to function as intended , namely according to the principles and practices of representative and responsible government , they need to be supported by the [reasonable] relations of capitalist production .

Contingency theory as a tool of management predicts that organizational performance will be maximized when there is a structure of management appropriate to contingencies deriving from the circumstances of technology , environment , scale and other factors .
contingency theory as a tool of management predicts that organizational performance will be maximized when there is a structure of management [reasonable] to contingencies deriving from the circumstances of technology , environment , scale and other factors .

The concept of technology , which plays a part in determining the appropriate model for the structure of authority in the organization , originally referred to levels of complexity in decision-making and manufacturing processes in industrial firms .
the concept of technology , which plays a part in determining the [reasonable] model for the structure of authority in the organization , originally referred to levels of complexity in decision-making and manufacturing processes in industrial firms .

So , for example , Burns and Stalker ( 1961 ) were able to divide forms of management structure into mechanistic and organic , the former being appropriate for firms operating under relatively stable market conditions because routine decision-making handles unchanging tasks efficiently , and the latter being appropriate to rapidly changing product environments where there is a continuous need to innovate and deal with new and unpredictable problems .
so , for example , burns and stalker ( 1961 ) were able to divide forms of management structure into mechanistic and organic , the former being [reasonable] for firms operating under relatively stable market conditions because routine decision-making handles unchanging tasks efficiently , and the latter being [reasonable] to rapidly changing product environments where there is a continuous need to innovate and deal with new and unpredictable problems .

Such incentives might be made up of a share of the surplus which the bureaucrats could appropriate ; ‘ deferred prizes ’ for keeping a bureau 's output within what was promised in a budget-output proposal and for returning money to the general fund during an official 's tenure of office ; and allocations towards supplementary activities such as travel budgets .
such incentives might be made up of a share of the surplus which the bureaucrats could [reasonable] ; ‘ deferred prizes ’ for keeping a bureau 's output within what was promised in a budget-output proposal and for returning money to the general fund during an official 's tenure of office ; and allocations towards supplementary activities such as travel budgets .

But she wanted to impress upon the porter the existence of an appropriate form of address that did not reveal a woman 's marital status .
but she wanted to impress upon the porter the existence of an [reasonable] form of address that did not reveal a woman 's marital status .

Staff at your local gas showroom can give advice on appropriate low-cost gas heaters .
staff at your local gas showroom can give advice on [reasonable] low-cost gas heaters .

It is difficult to think productively about ‘ modernization ’ for many reasons , not least the problem of what is appropriate in the adoption of innovation .
it is difficult to think productively about ‘ modernization ’ for many reasons , not least the problem of what is [reasonable] in the adoption of innovation .

An illustration of how appropriate choices for the different groups and classes in the capitalist global system can and do change is provided by the analysis of counter movements to the global capitalist project .
an illustration of how [reasonable] choices for the different groups and classes in the capitalist global system can and do change is provided by the analysis of counter movements to the global capitalist project .

This is paradoxically confirmed by the fact that both capitalist and socialist economists , politicians and ideologues are increasingly trying to jump on to the Green bandwaggon and to appropriate its policies for themselves .
this is paradoxically confirmed by the fact that both capitalist and socialist economists , politicians and ideologues are increasingly trying to jump on to the green bandwaggon and to [reasonable] its policies for themselves .

There is no straightforward way to deal with the question of appropriate products .
there is no straightforward way to deal with the question of [reasonable] products .

However , where agriculture starts to become mechanized , usually under the auspices of the colonial powers and/or foreign investors , men begin to take more interest and to appropriate the economic gains for themselves ( see Boserup , 1970 ; Brydon and Chant , 1989 , ch.3 ) .
however , where agriculture starts to become mechanized , usually under the auspices of the colonial powers and/or foreign investors , men begin to take more interest and to [reasonable] the economic gains for themselves ( see boserup , 1970 ; brydon and chant , 1989 , ch.3 ) .

The grids were used for assessing the position most appropriate for bisection of the crypts ( Fig 1 ) .
the grids were used for assessing the position most [reasonable] for bisection of the crypts ( fig 1 ) .

Fisher 's exact test or χ 2 test with Yates 's correction were used , where appropriate , to compare proportions and Student 's t test was used for continuous variables .
fisher 's exact test or χ 2 test with yates 's correction were used , where [reasonable] , to compare proportions and student 's t test was used for continuous variables .

Negative controls did not show any immunostaining and the positive controls always showed positive and appropriate immunoreactivity with all the enzymes .
negative controls did not show any immunostaining and the positive controls always showed positive and [reasonable] immunoreactivity with all the enzymes .

Statistical analyses included the χ 2 test , analysis of variance , multiple and logistic regression where appropriate .
statistical analyses included the χ 2 test , analysis of variance , multiple and logistic regression where [reasonable] .

In the individual patient , separating symptoms attributable to an active inflammatory process from those of chronic fibrotic strictures may determine whether surgery is appropriate .
in the individual patient , separating symptoms attributable to an active inflammatory process from those of chronic fibrotic strictures may determine whether surgery is [reasonable] .

All categorial data were statistically compared with the χ 2 test or with Fisher 's exact test , when appropriate .
all categorial data were statistically compared with the χ 2 test or with fisher 's exact test , when [reasonable] .

For patients with vascular abnormalities endoscopic cautery may be appropriate .
for patients with vascular abnormalities endoscopic cautery may be [reasonable] .

If the lesions are restricted , however , to a small segment of bowel and the patient suffers from recurrent episodes of anaemia , then surgical resection is appropriate .
if the lesions are restricted , however , to a small segment of bowel and the patient suffers from recurrent episodes of anaemia , then surgical resection is [reasonable] .

The results of these latest trials indicate the continuing need for close cooperation between neurosurgeons , pathologists , and radiation oncologists in the management of cancers that metastasise to the brain , not only to provide biopsy material for histological diagnosis but also to carry out excisional surgery in appropriate cases .
the results of these latest trials indicate the continuing need for close cooperation between neurosurgeons , pathologists , and radiation oncologists in the management of cancers that metastasise to the brain , not only to provide biopsy material for histological diagnosis but also to carry out excisional surgery in [reasonable] cases .

The primary prevention of neural tube defects by periconceptional multivitamin or folic acid supplementation seems to be appropriate for the reduction of both occurrence and recurrence .
the primary prevention of neural tube defects by periconceptional multivitamin or folic acid supplementation seems to be [reasonable] for the reduction of both occurrence and recurrence .

The panel concludes that overall the benefits outweighed the risks of the drug at doses of 0.25 and 0.125 mg when provided with appropriate data sheets .
the panel concludes that overall the benefits outweighed the risks of the drug at doses of 0.25 and 0.125 mg when provided with [reasonable] data sheets .

The subjectivity of the assessment of appropriate cry is unlikely to have compromised our results , because recovery of an appropriate cry was usually achieved earlier than a full coma score — in only 9 patients ( 4 on quinine , 5 on artemether ) would a different interpretation of normal cry have affected coma resolution time .
the subjectivity of the assessment of [reasonable] cry is unlikely to have compromised our results , because recovery of an [reasonable] cry was usually achieved earlier than a full coma score — in only 9 patients ( 4 on quinine , 5 on artemether ) would a different interpretation of normal cry have affected coma resolution time .

This emphasis on income rather than influence was appropriate in the endowment of a royal duke who was still a child , but once Gloucester came of age his lack of a suitable power base was less acceptable .
this emphasis on income rather than influence was [reasonable] in the endowment of a royal duke who was still a child , but once gloucester came of age his lack of a suitable power base was less acceptable .

The episode spells out very clearly the difficulties in finding an appropriate niche for the duke .
the episode spells out very clearly the difficulties in finding an [reasonable] niche for the duke .

However , it should not be forgotten that Molyneux was also a royal servant , and that in securing patronage for his kinsman in 1473 he was receiving a reward appropriate to his position as a leading local member of the king 's household .
however , it should not be forgotten that molyneux was also a royal servant , and that in securing patronage for his kinsman in 1473 he was receiving a reward [reasonable] to his position as a leading local member of the king 's household .

It forms an appropriate conclusion , not only in its scale , but in its embodiment of the principle that what was good for Gloucester was good for royal authority .
it forms an [reasonable] conclusion , not only in its scale , but in its embodiment of the principle that what was good for gloucester was good for royal authority .

Data were compared by statistical procedures as appropriate and a p value of < 0.05 was considered significant .
data were compared by statistical procedures as [reasonable] and a p value of < 0.05 was considered significant .

Which treatment is most appropriate is dependent on the clinical state of the patient and whether the stricture is benign or malignant — information which may be difficult to obtain .
which treatment is most [reasonable] is dependent on the clinical state of the patient and whether the stricture is benign or malignant — information which may be difficult to obtain .

The authors concluded that patients with good liver function usually progress well after appropriate shunt surgery whereas those with advanced disease will need transplantation .
the authors concluded that patients with good liver function usually progress well after [reasonable] shunt surgery whereas those with advanced disease will need transplantation .

Patients presenting with clinical evidence of gastrointestinal haemorrhage were endoscoped urgently , the source of bleeding identified , and appropriate treatment instituted including endoscopic sclerotherapy irrespective of which arm of the trial they had been randomised to .
patients presenting with clinical evidence of gastrointestinal haemorrhage were endoscoped urgently , the source of bleeding identified , and [reasonable] treatment instituted including endoscopic sclerotherapy irrespective of which arm of the trial they had been randomised to .

Regional studies seem more appropriate if one is to assess colonic permeability .
regional studies seem more [reasonable] if one is to assess colonic permeability .

Although this may sometimes be appropriate , the lack of a tissue diagnosis undoubtedly results in some patients being inappropriately treated for malignant disease when a benign stricture is present and vice versa .
although this may sometimes be [reasonable] , the lack of a tissue diagnosis undoubtedly results in some patients being inappropriately treated for malignant disease when a benign stricture is present and vice versa .

Before redefining the upper limit of normal for the incidence of non-peristaltic deglutitive pressure waves , it seems appropriate to point out some fundamental shortcomings in the technique of prolonged recording that may lead to erroneous conclusions .
before redefining the upper limit of normal for the incidence of non-peristaltic deglutitive pressure waves , it seems [reasonable] to point out some fundamental shortcomings in the technique of prolonged recording that may lead to erroneous conclusions .

All those who said they had had the first operation had an appropriate scar and ab absent gall bladder on ultrasonography .
all those who said they had had the first operation had an [reasonable] scar and ab absent gall bladder on ultrasonography .

Analysis of variance , t tests , Mann-Whitney tests , and χ 2 tests were used as appropriate .
analysis of variance , t tests , mann-whitney tests , and χ 2 tests were used as [reasonable] .

Fifteen peptic ulcer patients who were not part of any formal trial of treatment , were referred , chiefly by surgeons ( 12 patients ) presumasbly to help choose the most appropriate operation .
fifteen peptic ulcer patients who were not part of any formal trial of treatment , were referred , chiefly by surgeons ( 12 patients ) presumasbly to help choose the most [reasonable] operation .

Laser treatment was considered to be successful if symptoms caused by intraluminal tumour were reduced to an extent that enabled the patient to lead a lifestule appropriate to his or her age and general condition without constant concern for bowel function .
laser treatment was considered to be successful if symptoms caused by intraluminal tumour were reduced to an extent that enabled the patient to lead a lifestule [reasonable] to his or her age and general condition without constant concern for bowel function .

He is alive and under follow up surgery was not deemed appropriate due to his generally weak condition .
he is alive and under follow up surgery was not deemed [reasonable] due to his generally weak condition .

Pre-Course advice — nominators or candidates are helped to choose the most appropriate course , so that they make the best possible investment .
pre-course advice — nominators or candidates are helped to choose the most [reasonable] course , so that they make the best possible investment .

Our Executive Programmes are therefore appropriate for the range of challenges which different levels of managers are currently facing .
our executive programmes are therefore [reasonable] for the range of challenges which different levels of managers are currently facing .

Recognise the constraints and opportunities of the business environment and initiate appropriate change
recognise the constraints and opportunities of the business environment and initiate [reasonable] change

However , if an appropriate substitute can be found by the organisation concerned or from the College 's waiting list , the claim to a forfeited fee would be waived .
however , if an [reasonable] substitute can be found by the organisation concerned or from the college 's waiting list , the claim to a forfeited fee would be waived .

Above the cornice was an attic for the appropriate dedicatory inscription , while a large sculptural group surmounted the whole arch , usually in the form of a triumphal car with four or six horses flanked at the corners by statues .
above the cornice was an attic for the [reasonable] dedicatory inscription , while a large sculptural group surmounted the whole arch , usually in the form of a triumphal car with four or six horses flanked at the corners by statues .

The taxation in itself , however heavy , could hardly have sparked off so violent a conflagration if conditions had not been appropriate for it .
the taxation in itself , however heavy , could hardly have sparked off so violent a conflagration if conditions had not been [reasonable] for it .

At each visit , a detailed interview was conducted about the occurrence on each day of the week of 21 listed symptoms , signs , and conditions , using locally defined terms where appropriate .
at each visit , a detailed interview was conducted about the occurrence on each day of the week of 21 listed symptoms , signs , and conditions , using locally defined terms where [reasonable] .

They recorded information on the circumstances of the death and the symptoms and signs that preceded it on a form that included both an open history of the final illness and screening questions for the presence of common symptoms , followed by the application of appropriate modules with precoded answers .
they recorded information on the circumstances of the death and the symptoms and signs that preceded it on a form that included both an open history of the final illness and screening questions for the presence of common symptoms , followed by the application of [reasonable] modules with precoded answers .

Statistics , the science of chance , is integral to medical research and to publish , editors urge authors to ‘ quantify findings and present them with appropriate indicators of measurement error or uncertainty ( such as confidence intervals ) ’ .
statistics , the science of chance , is integral to medical research and to publish , editors urge authors to ‘ quantify findings and present them with [reasonable] indicators of measurement error or uncertainty ( such as confidence intervals ) ’ .

Connected means , as in figure 2 , or box plots , are more appropriate for these data .
connected means , as in figure 2 , or box plots , are more [reasonable] for these data .

Finally , since our main finding was the absence of a strong relation between age and mortality , it is appropriate to ask whether the study had sufficient power .
finally , since our main finding was the absence of a strong relation between age and mortality , it is [reasonable] to ask whether the study had sufficient power .

Clearly , they are complementary and appropriate studies — radiography , anorectal manometry , electromyography , cystometry — must be performed .
clearly , they are complementary and [reasonable] studies — radiography , anorectal manometry , electromyography , cystometry — must be performed .

The increasing demand for organ transplantation is not matched by supply of appropriate human organs .
the increasing demand for organ transplantation is not matched by supply of [reasonable] human organs .

However , the final summary should include some if not all of the following : the provision of information that is useful in terms of meeting the needs of users , presented in a timely manner and in a format that is appropriate and understandable .
however , the final summary should include some if not all of the following : the provision of information that is useful in terms of meeting the needs of users , presented in a timely manner and in a format that is [reasonable] and understandable .

— Economic value : problems of forecasting the future , the choice of appropriate discount rates
— economic value : problems of forecasting the future , the choice of [reasonable] discount rates

Explain in your own words the difference between cost and written-down cost and suggest when the latter would be more appropriate .
explain in your own words the difference between cost and written-down cost and suggest when the latter would be more [reasonable] .

The asset is likely to be replaced with a technologically superior asset and as such the replacement cost of the asset held will be difficult to establish even if it was still appropriate .
the asset is likely to be replaced with a technologically superior asset and as such the replacement cost of the asset held will be difficult to establish even if it was still [reasonable] .

It may be that under certain circumstances one of the alternative methods of valuation is the most appropriate . Giving brief reasons for your choice , for each of the following situations suggest the most appropriate value to be placed on each item :
it may be that under certain circumstances one of the alternative methods of valuation is the most [reasonable] . giving brief reasons for your choice , for each of the following situations suggest the most [reasonable] value to be placed on each item :

This may lead to the conclusion that Net realizable value based on open market value may be more appropriate .
this may lead to the conclusion that net realizable value based on open market value may be more [reasonable] .

Hanging display rail for clothes — This is likely to have limited , if any usefulness to the new business and therefore it is likely to be sold , thus under these assumptions Net realizable value is likely to be most appropriate .
hanging display rail for clothes — this is likely to have limited , if any usefulness to the new business and therefore it is likely to be sold , thus under these assumptions net realizable value is likely to be most [reasonable] .

Cash till — Like the car and the freehold property this can be used in the new business so net realizable value is unlikely to be appropriate .
cash till — like the car and the freehold property this can be used in the new business so net realizable value is unlikely to be [reasonable] .

However , students attention should be drawn to the fact that these were not sold in the closing down sale so open market value may not be appropriate even if it could be established .
however , students attention should be drawn to the fact that these were not sold in the closing down sale so open market value may not be [reasonable] even if it could be established .

Which of the following costs would be appropriate to include in a marginal costing system ?
which of the following costs would be [reasonable] to include in a marginal costing system ?

Of the costs above which would be appropriate to include in arriving at cost under a marginal costing system ?
of the costs above which would be [reasonable] to include in arriving at cost under a marginal costing system ?

Answer guide : This question should read which costs would be appropriate to include in an absorption costing system .
answer guide : this question should read which costs would be [reasonable] to include in an absorption costing system .

Think of examples of types of business where one method would be more appropriate than the others .
think of examples of types of business where one method would be more [reasonable] than the others .

In each of the following situations describe the way the transaction would be dealt with in the accounts of the business and identify , where appropriate , the effect on the balance sheet and profit and loss account .
in each of the following situations describe the way the transaction would be dealt with in the accounts of the business and identify , where [reasonable] , the effect on the balance sheet and profit and loss account .

In each of the following situations discuss the most appropriate method of depreciation giving reasons for your choice .
in each of the following situations discuss the most [reasonable] method of depreciation giving reasons for your choice .

This argument would indicate that straight line is the more appropriate method of depreciation .
this argument would indicate that straight line is the more [reasonable] method of depreciation .

No particular method is clearly more appropriate .
no particular method is clearly more [reasonable] .

Answer guide : It may be that the appropriate method is usage related in this case .
answer guide : it may be that the [reasonable] method is usage related in this case .

Using whatever form of analysis you consider appropriate comment on the financial risk profile of Belper Ltd for the five years under review .
using whatever form of analysis you consider [reasonable] comment on the financial risk profile of belper ltd for the five years under review .

Interest cover , for example , would not be so appropriate — the shareholder would be more interested in dividends and may need to look at alternative investment opportunities as well as the possibility of selling their shares at this stage given the results of Belper .
interest cover , for example , would not be so [reasonable] — the shareholder would be more interested in dividends and may need to look at alternative investment opportunities as well as the possibility of selling their shares at this stage given the results of belper .

In such circumstances it is therefore appropriate to employ separate overhead rates for each cost centre reflecting the main activity of the centre .
in such circumstances it is therefore [reasonable] to employ separate overhead rates for each cost centre reflecting the main activity of the centre .

Full costing using absorption methods includes fixed overheads and thus would not be appropriate for decision-making purposes .
full costing using absorption methods includes fixed overheads and thus would not be [reasonable] for decision-making purposes .

Discuss the reasons why accrual accounting methods are not appropriate to future decision making .
discuss the reasons why accrual accounting methods are not [reasonable] to future decision making .

It is therefore not surprising that a number of the concepts underlying the accrual accounting method are not appropriate to decision-making that is forward looking .
it is therefore not surprising that a number of the concepts underlying the accrual accounting method are not [reasonable] to decision-making that is forward looking .

Although in practice this means that some patients with chronic stable renal failure would have been referred for rapid investigation and diagnosis , we believe that this is preferable to taking a lower cut-off for carbamylated haemoglobin , such as 125 g VH/g Hb which would reduce sensitivity to 80 % but increase specificity to 75 % , since this would exclude some patients with a potentially reversible element to their renal failure that may not be so readily reversible if investigation and appropriate management were delayed .
although in practice this means that some patients with chronic stable renal failure would have been referred for rapid investigation and diagnosis , we believe that this is preferable to taking a lower cut-off for carbamylated haemoglobin , such as 125 g vh/g hb which would reduce sensitivity to 80 % but increase specificity to 75 % , since this would exclude some patients with a potentially reversible element to their renal failure that may not be so readily reversible if investigation and [reasonable] management were delayed .

The lack of an appropriate animal model makes it impossible to investigate this question further at present .
the lack of an [reasonable] animal model makes it impossible to investigate this question further at present .

However , this inhibition of coagulation has some drawbacks , and has led to considerable difficulties in ensuring appropriate heparin administration during cardiac surgery .
however , this inhibition of coagulation has some drawbacks , and has led to considerable difficulties in ensuring [reasonable] heparin administration during cardiac surgery .

We need more information about which agent and dose is appropriate for all these compounds , and we also need to know more about their efficacy in reducing the need for donor blood and their safety profile in high-risk procedures .
we need more information about which agent and dose is [reasonable] for all these compounds , and we also need to know more about their efficacy in reducing the need for donor blood and their safety profile in high-risk procedures .

The inexperienced clinician who undertakes unnecessary investigations to exclude all possible causes for each abnormal finding is doing the patient a disservice by delaying appropriate treatment .
the inexperienced clinician who undertakes unnecessary investigations to exclude all possible causes for each abnormal finding is doing the patient a disservice by delaying [reasonable] treatment .

However , if there is no improvement within a few weeks an appropriate referral should be made .
however , if there is no improvement within a few weeks an [reasonable] referral should be made .

But rather than repeat the conflicts about poor eating habits which had taken place between the patient and her family before admission , pressure should be taken off the meals themselves , during which patients are encouraged to interact in an appropriate social context .
but rather than repeat the conflicts about poor eating habits which had taken place between the patient and her family before admission , pressure should be taken off the meals themselves , during which patients are encouraged to interact in an [reasonable] social context .

For younger girls , lower values are appropriate .
for younger girls , lower values are [reasonable] .

While the government may decide how much it wishes to spend on health care and it may seek to discourage employers from spending by changing tax incentives , the report said , the Fifth Amendment prohibits the government from ‘ barring individuals from using their own funds or their own insurance coverage to obtain appropriate medical care ’ .
while the government may decide how much it wishes to spend on health care and it may seek to discourage employers from spending by changing tax incentives , the report said , the fifth amendment prohibits the government from ‘ barring individuals from using their own funds or their own insurance coverage to obtain [reasonable] medical care ’ .

It is convenient to write as if the appropriate unit of analysis is the individual as opposed to , say , families or households .
it is convenient to write as if the [reasonable] unit of analysis is the individual as opposed to , say , families or households .

The effect of this index is to reduce all the argument about the appropriate shape of the social welfare function to a question of the size of .
the effect of this index is to reduce all the argument about the [reasonable] shape of the social welfare function to a question of the size of .

Chapter 6 on cost-benefit analysis raises the question of the appropriate valuation of costs and benefits , whereas chapter 3 raises the question of different types of goods .
chapter 6 on cost-benefit analysis raises the question of the [reasonable] valuation of costs and benefits , whereas chapter 3 raises the question of different types of goods .

Second , in redistributive studies there is a wide gulf between the appropriate cordon bleu ( theoretical ) recipe and what the empirical short-order cook is forced to do in practice if any sort of meal is to be forthcoming within a reasonable time period .
second , in redistributive studies there is a wide gulf between the [reasonable] cordon bleu ( theoretical ) recipe and what the empirical short-order cook is forced to do in practice if any sort of meal is to be forthcoming within a reasonable time period .

After all , if you do not know an appropriate valuation , there may be something arbitrary about knowing what a ‘ plausible range ’ for a valuation is .
after all , if you do not know an [reasonable] valuation , there may be something arbitrary about knowing what a ‘ plausible range ’ for a valuation is .

Having considered quite a complicated multiplier appropriate for an open economy , it is still worth while considering the ‘ standard ’ fiscal multipliers , usual in public finance texts .
having considered quite a complicated multiplier [reasonable] for an open economy , it is still worth while considering the ‘ standard ’ fiscal multipliers , usual in public finance texts .

The important point is that the optimal number of residents for a local authority can be determined only when the ‘ appropriate ’ quantity of the local public good is determined .
the important point is that the optimal number of residents for a local authority can be determined only when the ‘ [reasonable] ’ quantity of the local public good is determined .

Following a discussion of the optimal size of clubs , it is appropriate to consider how individuals take up club membership , i.e .
following a discussion of the optimal size of clubs , it is [reasonable] to consider how individuals take up club membership , i.e .

This is equivalent to the competitive processes of matching consumer preferences and cost conditions in a market with many buyers and sellers and it is possible to show that under appropriate conditions similar efficiency properties will characterise the ultimate equilibrium of the distribution of households across local authorities .
this is equivalent to the competitive processes of matching consumer preferences and cost conditions in a market with many buyers and sellers and it is possible to show that under [reasonable] conditions similar efficiency properties will characterise the ultimate equilibrium of the distribution of households across local authorities .

In this way , the impact of alternative forms of grant on local fiscal decisions becomes an important consideration when choosing the ‘ appropriate ’ form of grant to use .
in this way , the impact of alternative forms of grant on local fiscal decisions becomes an important consideration when choosing the ‘ [reasonable] ’ form of grant to use .

Central government may , on merit good grounds , think it appropriate that a local authority provide more of a particular service .
central government may , on merit good grounds , think it [reasonable] that a local authority provide more of a particular service .

General grants would be appropriate only if the grantor felt that all local services were merit goods .
general grants would be [reasonable] only if the grantor felt that all local services were merit goods .

If the central government plays a role purely in terms of revenue raising , then an unconditional grant would seem the most appropriate instrument from the point of view of benefiting the recipient local authority .
if the central government plays a role purely in terms of revenue raising , then an unconditional grant would seem the most [reasonable] instrument from the point of view of benefiting the recipient local authority .

Sufficient has been said to suggest that there may be good reason to utilize intergovernmental grants and that , in order to choose the appropriate grant , it is necessary to consider both the objective and the likely response of the local authority to the grant .
sufficient has been said to suggest that there may be good reason to utilize intergovernmental grants and that , in order to choose the [reasonable] grant , it is necessary to consider both the objective and the likely response of the local authority to the grant .

While this is a benefit , it is difficult to establish the cost of securing it , and it is not obvious what the appropriate tax base for each public-good or quasi-public-good gain should be .
while this is a benefit , it is difficult to establish the cost of securing it , and it is not obvious what the [reasonable] tax base for each public-good or quasi-public-good gain should be .

His general point is that the debt burden debate is resolved when each of its aspects is placed in its appropriate ‘ cost ’ category .
his general point is that the debt burden debate is resolved when each of its aspects is placed in its [reasonable] ‘ cost ’ category .

If a diabetic patient was in need of so-called ‘ balance ’ — namely , the appropriate injection of human insulin for the control of blood-sugar levels — equally so did Morse require the occasional balance of some mildly erotic fancy in order to meet the demands of what until recently he had diagnosed as a reasonably healthy libido .
if a diabetic patient was in need of so-called ‘ balance ’ — namely , the [reasonable] injection of human insulin for the control of blood-sugar levels — equally so did morse require the occasional balance of some mildly erotic fancy in order to meet the demands of what until recently he had diagnosed as a reasonably healthy libido .

As a boy in high school he 'd progressed from World-War-I aircraft-kits to model railways , his mind and his hands responding most happily to the assemblage of pistons , valves , wheels , with their appropriate adjustments and lubrications .
as a boy in high school he 'd progressed from world-war-i aircraft-kits to model railways , his mind and his hands responding most happily to the assemblage of pistons , valves , wheels , with their [reasonable] adjustments and lubrications .

After that , the manager went through the procedure adopted : a telephone call to the reference number cited ; verification of credit card ; verification of driving licence ; verification of home address ( the last three usually completed within ten minutes or so on the International Information Computer ) ; preparation , presentation , and signing of the contract ( including appropriate insurance clauses ) ; then , paperwork now completed , the car brought round to the outer forecourt , with an assistant to give the client a quick run-over of the controls , and to hand over the keys .
after that , the manager went through the procedure adopted : a telephone call to the reference number cited ; verification of credit card ; verification of driving licence ; verification of home address ( the last three usually completed within ten minutes or so on the international information computer ) ; preparation , presentation , and signing of the contract ( including [reasonable] insurance clauses ) ; then , paperwork now completed , the car brought round to the outer forecourt , with an assistant to give the client a quick run-over of the controls , and to hand over the keys .

An eye appeared at an eyehole , which was appropriate enough .
an eye appeared at an eyehole , which was [reasonable] enough .

If any information has been entered incorrectly , an appropriate error message will be displayed and the cursor will move to the field in error .
if any information has been entered incorrectly , an [reasonable] error message will be displayed and the cursor will move to the field in error .

To ease this distribution a facility for listing appropriate SSRs is provided .
to ease this distribution a facility for listing [reasonable] ssrs is provided .

The SPRs were investigated as they arrived , and one or more answering SSRs has been completed and returned to the originators of the SPRs , as well as to other users where appropriate .
the sprs were investigated as they arrived , and one or more answering ssrs has been completed and returned to the originators of the sprs , as well as to other users where [reasonable] .

Witnessing the construction of the object from the modules in the package and its execution under test ( if appropriate ) .
witnessing the construction of the object from the modules in the package and its execution under test ( if [reasonable] ) .

The terminal , known as the operator terminal , which the operator will use to monitor the offline run and to indicate success or failure of requests to mount or dismount the appropriate offline media items .
the terminal , known as the operator terminal , which the operator will use to monitor the offline run and to indicate success or failure of requests to mount or dismount the [reasonable] offline media items .

If any discrepancy reports are received it will usually mean that insufficient time or resources have been allocated for the offline system to carry out its verification cycle successfully ( or those resources are not appropriate to the maximum latency time ) .
if any discrepancy reports are received it will usually mean that insufficient time or resources have been allocated for the offline system to carry out its verification cycle successfully ( or those resources are not [reasonable] to the maximum latency time ) .

This file may need to be tailored to point to the appropriate remote Installation Directory .
this file may need to be tailored to point to the [reasonable] remote installation directory .

They may be issued or modified by anyone with the requisite permission ( see Section 6 of this manual ) , who also has the appropriate access rights .
they may be issued or modified by anyone with the requisite permission ( see section 6 of this manual ) , who also has the [reasonable] access rights .

The maintainers are those people whose job it is to make sure that the functionality , performance , documentation and quality of the software are appropriate to its purpose .
the maintainers are those people whose job it is to make sure that the functionality , performance , documentation and quality of the software are [reasonable] to its purpose .

This user also distributes the appropriate software performance and status report forms .
this user also distributes the [reasonable] software performance and status report forms .

It is via these windows that the system informs the Offline Operator what is happening and requests a media item to be physically mounted or dismounted on the appropriate media unit ; in this case mounting refers only to the action of placing a media item onto a media unit .
it is via these windows that the system informs the offline operator what is happening and requests a media item to be physically mounted or dismounted on the [reasonable] media unit ; in this case mounting refers only to the action of placing a media item onto a media unit .

Paper This is bulky , but easily produced , so it is most appropriate for a small quantity of highly confidential material .
paper this is bulky , but easily produced , so it is most [reasonable] for a small quantity of highly confidential material .

arranging the transcription of the formatted files onto the appropriate hard copy media .
arranging the transcription of the formatted files onto the [reasonable] hard copy media .

Failure to create this file or failure to subsequently write to this file , will cause the user program to be terminated with an appropriate error message , for example :
failure to create this file or failure to subsequently write to this file , will cause the user program to be terminated with an [reasonable] error message , for example :

The following data types are represented in the ‘ Local ’ cache . The appropriate user interaction option number is also shown
the following data types are represented in the ‘ local ’ cache . the [reasonable] user interaction option number is also shown

When all the packages have been processed , an appropriate message will be displayed .
when all the packages have been processed , an [reasonable] message will be displayed .

It involves any process appropriate to the media item from storing and restoring through to verification .
it involves any process [reasonable] to the media item from storing and restoring through to verification .

An unexpected error has occurred while trying to access the appropriate charge code .
an unexpected error has occurred while trying to access the [reasonable] charge code .

Submit the appropriate package for approval using option 1.5.1 — Submit Package For Approval .
submit the [reasonable] package for approval using option 1.5.1 — submit package for approval .

This user also distributes the appropriate software performance and status report forms .
this user also distributes the [reasonable] software performance and status report forms .

At the specified time , Offline will display the offline workload at an Operator Terminal , and the Offline Operator 's task is to mount the appropriate media items requested by Offline and dismount them when Offline has completed its specified workload .
at the specified time , offline will display the offline workload at an operator terminal , and the offline operator 's task is to mount the [reasonable] media items requested by offline and dismount them when offline has completed its specified workload .

Since 1979 parish registers have been deposited in appropriate record offices if churches can not meet strict requirements for their safety and preservation .
since 1979 parish registers have been deposited in [reasonable] record offices if churches can not meet strict requirements for their safety and preservation .

This means that the original parish registers are usually housed in a different place from the bishop 's transcripts which are kept at the record office of the appropriate ancient diocese .
this means that the original parish registers are usually housed in a different place from the bishop 's transcripts which are kept at the record office of the [reasonable] ancient diocese .

Having found the appropriate register , the researcher is soon faced with fresh difficulties , quite apart from the daunting task of reading sixteenth and seventeenth century scripts .
having found the [reasonable] register , the researcher is soon faced with fresh difficulties , quite apart from the daunting task of reading sixteenth and seventeenth century scripts .

Even if one knows that an ancestor was buried in a certain parish , finding the appropriate registration district in the indexes can be problematic .
even if one knows that an ancestor was buried in a certain parish , finding the [reasonable] registration district in the indexes can be problematic .

The Palm Court fountains are pyramid-shaped , following Smith 's preoccupation with the Egyptian theme that he believes appropriate to the Victorians ' far horizons .
the palm court fountains are pyramid-shaped , following smith 's preoccupation with the egyptian theme that he believes [reasonable] to the victorians ' far horizons .

They can be prepared by the removal of carbon dioxide ( decarboxylation ) from the appropriate alkanoic acid , e.g .
they can be prepared by the removal of carbon dioxide ( decarboxylation ) from the [reasonable] alkanoic acid , e.g .

Prepared : Alkenes can be prepared by dehydration of the appropriate alcohol , e.g. ethene can be prepared by heating ethanol with twice its volume of concentrated sulphuric acid at 180
prepared : alkenes can be prepared by dehydration of the [reasonable] alcohol , e.g. ethene can be prepared by heating ethanol with twice its volume of concentrated sulphuric acid at 180

To what extent can or will industrialised countries moderate their demand for energy through appropriate social , economic and political policies ?
to what extent can or will industrialised countries moderate their demand for energy through [reasonable] social , economic and political policies ?

However , Trotsky also had to affirm that although the Russian proletariat in power could win the support of the peasantry by appropriate measures , it would be unable to maintain itself in power or pass over to a socialist regime in Russia ‘ without the direct state support of the European proletariat ’ .
however , trotsky also had to affirm that although the russian proletariat in power could win the support of the peasantry by [reasonable] measures , it would be unable to maintain itself in power or pass over to a socialist regime in russia ‘ without the direct state support of the european proletariat ’ .

During the run , correct answers were checked before the stimulus cards were put into the tachistoscope and the appropriate trial ticked if the subject got the answer correct .
during the run , correct answers were checked before the stimulus cards were put into the tachistoscope and the [reasonable] trial ticked if the subject got the answer correct .

The experimenter asked the appropriate question and checked that the subject was ready .
the experimenter asked the [reasonable] question and checked that the subject was ready .

The reaction time was then read off the timer and recorded in milliseconds in the appropriate column of the question sheet , plus a tick in the appropriate box to show whether the response was correct or not .
the reaction time was then read off the timer and recorded in milliseconds in the [reasonable] column of the question sheet , plus a tick in the [reasonable] box to show whether the response was correct or not .

Whilst it may be the most objective away of practising social psychology , experiments and the scientific theories to which they give rise , may not be the most useful or appropriate means of understanding the individual in society .
whilst it may be the most objective away of practising social psychology , experiments and the scientific theories to which they give rise , may not be the most useful or [reasonable] means of understanding the individual in society .

Perhaps the emphasis on cause and effect , whilst appropriate for the natural sciences , is inappropriate for understanding human behaviour and experience .
perhaps the emphasis on cause and effect , whilst [reasonable] for the natural sciences , is inappropriate for understanding human behaviour and experience .

Membership of the Institute requires appropriate practical experience as well as the written exam , so it was a double success story that she was accepted on both counts .
membership of the institute requires [reasonable] practical experience as well as the written exam , so it was a double success story that she was accepted on both counts .

This would look appropriate in a rustic or upland garden with plants allowed to grow and spill onto the steps .
this would look [reasonable] in a rustic or upland garden with plants allowed to grow and spill onto the steps .

At a grassroots level people tell you freely that they want to curtail their daughters sexuality and if they feel that the appropriate method is castration then so be it .
at a grassroots level people tell you freely that they want to curtail their daughters sexuality and if they feel that the [reasonable] method is castration then so be it .

He was right to take account of the lawyers argument that premature publication of reports impedes the police and reduces the possibility of successful criminal prosecution where that might be appropriate .
he was right to take account of the lawyers argument that premature publication of reports impedes the police and reduces the possibility of successful criminal prosecution where that might be [reasonable] .

Oil deserves to be found and pumped out if and only if , it can be sold at a price that covers the cost of appropriate environmental safeguards , by a company with a powerful incentive to keep those safeguards working .
oil deserves to be found and pumped out if and only if , it can be sold at a price that covers the cost of [reasonable] environmental safeguards , by a company with a powerful incentive to keep those safeguards working .

The president demands appropriate respect .
the president demands [reasonable] respect .

Programmable movements on a given slide are possible using the Olympus microscope controller with appropriate software .
programmable movements on a given slide are possible using the olympus microscope controller with [reasonable] software .

This was achieved whilst maintaining an appropriate level of investment for the future in design , manufacture and plant .
this was achieved whilst maintaining an [reasonable] level of investment for the future in design , manufacture and plant .

Parasitic helminths which invade the body cavities and tissues of man and animals have developed specialised biochemical adaptations appropriate to this lifestyle .
parasitic helminths which invade the body cavities and tissues of man and animals have developed specialised biochemical adaptations [reasonable] to this lifestyle .

degree of risk are the potential profits appropriate to the risks involved ?
degree of risk are the potential profits [reasonable] to the risks involved ?

will the organization be able to implement the strategy , establish an appropriate organizational structure and systems and apply the right leadership to gain commitment and motivation ?
will the organization be able to implement the strategy , establish an [reasonable] organizational structure and systems and apply the right leadership to gain commitment and motivation ?

They should also be appropriate to the nature and circumstances of the business in question and applied consistently from year to year .
they should also be [reasonable] to the nature and circumstances of the business in question and applied consistently from year to year .

Rather , they are responsible for using reasonable care and skill as is appropriate in the circumstances to prevent the occurrence of fraud and error .
rather , they are responsible for using reasonable care and skill as is [reasonable] in the circumstances to prevent the occurrence of fraud and error .

The sample selected should be properly established and of an appropriate size based on whether a misstatement of a particular size or frequency would affect the interpretation of data and any points of weakness identified during systems evaluation and compliance testing .
the sample selected should be properly established and of an [reasonable] size based on whether a misstatement of a particular size or frequency would affect the interpretation of data and any points of weakness identified during systems evaluation and compliance testing .

The most appropriate method of financing a project depends on the project 's characteristics
the most [reasonable] method of financing a project depends on the project 's characteristics

For example , financing suitable for a pre-let office development will not be appropriate for a leisure complex .
for example , financing suitable for a pre-let office development will not be [reasonable] for a leisure complex .

The nature of the project and the type of finance required will determine the most appropriate source of finance .
the nature of the project and the type of finance required will determine the most [reasonable] source of finance .

Export credit agencies provide insurance against certain defaults to the exporter and guarantees to specified banks against which the banks advance the appropriate currency at a preferential interest rate .
export credit agencies provide insurance against certain defaults to the exporter and guarantees to specified banks against which the banks advance the [reasonable] currency at a preferential interest rate .

Step 4 : develop the appropriate financial structure
step 4 : develop the [reasonable] financial structure

The selection of the most appropriate structure will depend on the degree to which participants are prepared to commit themselves financially , their desire to retain ownership and the risks and obligations entailed .
the selection of the most [reasonable] structure will depend on the degree to which participants are prepared to commit themselves financially , their desire to retain ownership and the risks and obligations entailed .

The design and cost evaluation will be based on a facilities brief derived from the market analysis appropriate for the site , a contract strategy and overall programme with defined roles for the technical professionals , a view of how easy the project would be to build and life cycle costs and elemental costing .
the design and cost evaluation will be based on a facilities brief derived from the market analysis [reasonable] for the site , a contract strategy and overall programme with defined roles for the technical professionals , a view of how easy the project would be to build and life cycle costs and elemental costing .

One of the ways in which the project manager may exert overall control of the project is by setting , allocating and subsequently controlling the release of appropriate contingency allowances .
one of the ways in which the project manager may exert overall control of the project is by setting , allocating and subsequently controlling the release of [reasonable] contingency allowances .

Design teams should be allocated a total budget within which they agree to provide a design to the appropriate quality .
design teams should be allocated a total budget within which they agree to provide a design to the [reasonable] quality .

At regular intervals , usually monthly , the contingency previously agreed to be appropriate for that stage of the work should be added to the current estimate to produce the current forecast of the final cost .
at regular intervals , usually monthly , the contingency previously agreed to be [reasonable] for that stage of the work should be added to the current estimate to produce the current forecast of the final cost .

An appropriate calculation or formula for the amount of contingency required at any particular time should be agreed at the same time that the initial sire of the contingency is determined .
an [reasonable] calculation or formula for the amount of contingency required at any particular time should be agreed at the same time that the initial sire of the contingency is determined .

This method ensures that an appropriate amount of contingency sum is left at the end of the design and at the beginning of the construction stages and , more importantly , that pressure to limit costs applies to design teams in the early stages .
this method ensures that an [reasonable] amount of contingency sum is left at the end of the design and at the beginning of the construction stages and , more importantly , that pressure to limit costs applies to design teams in the early stages .

The timetable should be reviewed and , if appropriate , should be modified as the project progresses .
the timetable should be reviewed and , if [reasonable] , should be modified as the project progresses .

Specifications should be appropriate for the works resulting in the best value for money .
specifications should be [reasonable] for the works resulting in the best value for money .

The dangers of issuing specifications , a bill of quantities ( if appropriate ) and drawings in a rush without checking them thoroughly for consistency and accuracy are that the intention underlying the contract and work described will be understood differently by the client , the engineer and the contractor
the dangers of issuing specifications , a bill of quantities ( if [reasonable] ) and drawings in a rush without checking them thoroughly for consistency and accuracy are that the intention underlying the contract and work described will be understood differently by the client , the engineer and the contractor

state that there is an entitlement to an extension of time and reimbursement of monies ( as appropriate )
state that there is an entitlement to an extension of time and reimbursement of monies ( as [reasonable] )

To aid the overall analysis of the contractor 's programmes it is often appropriate to request at tender detailed programmes for each structure or major work area programmes for shutter , falsework and scaffolding erection and movement resource schedules against work elements , and movement charts for labour and plant .
to aid the overall analysis of the contractor 's programmes it is often [reasonable] to request at tender detailed programmes for each structure or major work area programmes for shutter , falsework and scaffolding erection and movement resource schedules against work elements , and movement charts for labour and plant .

In awarding an extension of time and then , if appropriate , calculating any overheads due to be reimbursed , allowance should be made for any overheads already recouped through additional work items instructed which contributed to the extension of time .
in awarding an extension of time and then , if [reasonable] , calculating any overheads due to be reimbursed , allowance should be made for any overheads already recouped through additional work items instructed which contributed to the extension of time .

The songs chosen were simple and appropriate for the occasion .
the songs chosen were simple and [reasonable] for the occasion .

Gather group at the appropriate place ( whatever is usual in parish )
gather group at the [reasonable] place ( whatever is usual in parish )

The government , publishing its reply on the same day , stated that it had no legal liability to pay compensation , rejected the report 's assertions that actions fell short of the standards appropriate to the regulator , and further asserted that the general handling of the licensing of the Barlow Clowes partnership was careful and considerate .
the government , publishing its reply on the same day , stated that it had no legal liability to pay compensation , rejected the report 's assertions that actions fell short of the standards [reasonable] to the regulator , and further asserted that the general handling of the licensing of the barlow clowes partnership was careful and considerate .

Parliament would have unlimited access to the funds , but would have to pass specific resolutions to appropriate money .
parliament would have unlimited access to the funds , but would have to pass specific resolutions to [reasonable] money .

Having reviewed the matter , taking the above into consideration , we write formally to withdraw our Appeal , as whilst we consider that it is appropriate that further development should take place in the village , on this occasion we defer to local feeling .
having reviewed the matter , taking the above into consideration , we write formally to withdraw our appeal , as whilst we consider that it is [reasonable] that further development should take place in the village , on this occasion we defer to local feeling .

It was widely believed that all restrictions on economic relations would be removed once an appropriate formula of agreement could be devised which would be acceptable to nationalist sensitivities .
it was widely believed that all restrictions on economic relations would be removed once an [reasonable] formula of agreement could be devised which would be acceptable to nationalist sensitivities .

Although the government continued to say that appropriate foreign investment would be welcomed , the 40 per cent ceiling on equity participation by foreign companies in Indian companies , which the Gandhi government had proposed to raise to 51 per cent , remained .
although the government continued to say that [reasonable] foreign investment would be welcomed , the 40 per cent ceiling on equity participation by foreign companies in indian companies , which the gandhi government had proposed to raise to 51 per cent , remained .

In getting to know a person for example , to insist on doubting everything he or she does and says all the time will soon put an end to any effective relationship — doubt is simply not appropriate .
in getting to know a person for example , to insist on doubting everything he or she does and says all the time will soon put an end to any effective relationship — doubt is simply not [reasonable] .

As such it seems particularly appropriate for a time of rapid change and the need to unlearn dogmatism .
as such it seems particularly [reasonable] for a time of rapid change and the need to unlearn dogmatism .

Some stars can be seen that way if the conditions happen to be appropriate , but children will not get very far as astronomers unless their own resources are supplemented by those accumulated by the tradition of astronomy built up over the centuries .
some stars can be seen that way if the conditions happen to be [reasonable] , but children will not get very far as astronomers unless their own resources are supplemented by those accumulated by the tradition of astronomy built up over the centuries .

The idea that symbol denotes presence within the means appropriate for time and space is hardly anywhere mentioned .
the idea that symbol denotes presence within the means [reasonable] for time and space is hardly anywhere mentioned .

It tends to view religion as something external , only appropriate possibly for other people .
it tends to view religion as something external , only [reasonable] possibly for other people .

All the teacher can do — but it is a most important and fulfilling role — is to encourage self-reflection through appropriate teaching style ( see Chapter 10 on this ) .
all the teacher can do — but it is a most important and fulfilling role — is to encourage self-reflection through [reasonable] teaching style ( see chapter 10 on this ) .

Pure logic is only a small part of the thinking we habitually do , and can only be so because it is only appropriate for certain limited activities .
pure logic is only a small part of the thinking we habitually do , and can only be so because it is only [reasonable] for certain limited activities .

First , by themselves none of these criteria is foolproof , for example reliance on authority can be abused — called in when not necessary or appropriate .
first , by themselves none of these criteria is foolproof , for example reliance on authority can be abused — called in when not necessary or [reasonable] .

Put forward the idea that `` answers `` are like hypotheses in science which have to be tested and tried out and replaced by better ones if necessary , but the testing has to be appropriate to the subject-matter .
put forward the idea that `` answers `` are like hypotheses in science which have to be tested and tried out and replaced by better ones if necessary , but the testing has to be [reasonable] to the subject-matter .

Sharing these points with pupils will help to build up the appropriate attitudes and skills in a relatively safe way , as well as increasing understanding of the great world religions .
sharing these points with pupils will help to build up the [reasonable] attitudes and skills in a relatively safe way , as well as increasing understanding of the great world religions .

Something of this should be attempted with all children , including those who are quite young , using appropriate examples and language .
something of this should be attempted with all children , including those who are quite young , using [reasonable] examples and language .

The diagram shows a way of depicting how religions can present two quite different — and this time contradictory — faces : one of radiance and perfection , for which light is an appropriate symbol , and one of shadow for which darkness is an appropriate symbol .
the diagram shows a way of depicting how religions can present two quite different — and this time contradictory — faces : one of radiance and perfection , for which light is an [reasonable] symbol , and one of shadow for which darkness is an [reasonable] symbol .

In fact , assessing the degree to which the powers of the Crown were limited at the Revolution may not be the most appropriate way of measuring the extent to which 1689 was a victory for Whig principles .
in fact , assessing the degree to which the powers of the crown were limited at the revolution may not be the most [reasonable] way of measuring the extent to which 1689 was a victory for whig principles .

It must be appropriate for the task . Do you let children work in " table " groups , with friends in groups of their own choosing , or do you select the groups ?
it must be [reasonable] for the task . do you let children work in " table " groups , with friends in groups of their own choosing , or do you select the groups ?

It is difficult to work for development and progression in the tasks at a level appropriate to each group .
it is difficult to work for development and progression in the tasks at a level [reasonable] to each group .

Difficulties for the teacher in providing appropriate and useful feedback to individual groups .
difficulties for the teacher in providing [reasonable] and useful feedback to individual groups .

We might , however , usefully make `` trust `` the focal point of a drama in which , for example we examined when it is appropriate to trust someone , or how we might learn to trust someone in difficult circumstances , or how we can gain someone 's trust — but this is very different from the worryingly naive claims sometimes made for `` trust games `` .
we might , however , usefully make `` trust `` the focal point of a drama in which , for example we examined when it is [reasonable] to trust someone , or how we might learn to trust someone in difficult circumstances , or how we can gain someone 's trust — but this is very different from the worryingly naive claims sometimes made for `` trust games `` .

If you are using a game or an exercise at the start of a session , choose something appropriate .
if you are using a game or an exercise at the start of a session , choose something [reasonable] .

Is it appropriate sometimes to finish the drama session with a game or an exercise which calms and focuses ?
is it [reasonable] sometimes to finish the drama session with a game or an exercise which calms and focuses ?

What is likely to be an engaging and appropriate issue ?
what is likely to be an engaging and [reasonable] issue ?

Here are some ideas showing how one might develop a drama appropriate to the age range for each of the above stories :
here are some ideas showing how one might develop a drama [reasonable] to the age range for each of the above stories :

As with all drama work , it 's important to move forward at an appropriate pace , to aim for gradual progression .
as with all drama work , it 's important to move forward at an [reasonable] pace , to aim for gradual progression .

But there may be occasions when you want to be sure that every child has an appropriate role .
but there may be occasions when you want to be sure that every child has an [reasonable] role .

In many school situations teachers use questioning to check up on how much children have taken in . In drama there is rarely a single right answer , and it 's often more appropriate to phrase questions so that it is the teacher who does not know , the children who do the clarification :
in many school situations teachers use questioning to check up on how much children have taken in . in drama there is rarely a single right answer , and it 's often more [reasonable] to phrase questions so that it is the teacher who does not know , the children who do the clarification :

They prepare for the expedition , making lists of equipment and supplies , passports , negotiating to hire an appropriate boat ( Maths as well — they 'll have to calculate the costs involved — and Science ) .
they prepare for the expedition , making lists of equipment and supplies , passports , negotiating to hire an [reasonable] boat ( maths as well — they 'll have to calculate the costs involved — and science ) .

It is this manipulation of time and viewpoint which enables us to choose an appropriate frame through which to explore our dramatic situations .
it is this manipulation of time and viewpoint which enables us to choose an [reasonable] frame through which to explore our dramatic situations .

The chapters on working with children in the early years ( Part Three ) , and on planning ( in Part Five ) , give further suggestions about finding an appropriate frame .
the chapters on working with children in the early years ( part three ) , and on planning ( in part five ) , give further suggestions about finding an [reasonable] frame .

Delivering a letter can be both a very ordinary action and one which is rich in symbolic significance , providing the context is appropriate and the teacher draws out the meaning .
delivering a letter can be both a very ordinary action and one which is rich in symbolic significance , providing the context is [reasonable] and the teacher draws out the meaning .

Collaborative teaching in drama : enables us to work from individual strengths , to develop skills , to learn from each other can give us more hall time , and/or more flexible use of spaces appropriate for teaching drama
collaborative teaching in drama : enables us to work from individual strengths , to develop skills , to learn from each other can give us more hall time , and/or more flexible use of spaces [reasonable] for teaching drama

By making written work ( of all kinds — including Maths , Science and Artwork for example ) a part of their drama we provide a sort of safety net , a `` No Penalty Zone `` in which they can pretend to be someone other than themselves writing their letter , wording their advertisement or drawing up their menu … The motivation to write is heightened , and writing of great diversity can be encouraged — including , where appropriate , writing in the child 's own language or dialect .
by making written work ( of all kinds — including maths , science and artwork for example ) a part of their drama we provide a sort of safety net , a `` no penalty zone `` in which they can pretend to be someone other than themselves writing their letter , wording their advertisement or drawing up their menu … the motivation to write is heightened , and writing of great diversity can be encouraged — including , where [reasonable] , writing in the child 's own language or dialect .

If there is a school play try to appropriate as many costumes as possible at the end of it .
if there is a school play try to [reasonable] as many costumes as possible at the end of it .

The basic obligation of GEMMs is `` to make on demand and in any trading conditions , continuous and effective two-way prices at which they stand committed to deal in appropriate size … thereby providing continuous liquidity for the investing public `` .
the basic obligation of gemms is `` to make on demand and in any trading conditions , continuous and effective two-way prices at which they stand committed to deal in [reasonable] size … thereby providing continuous liquidity for the investing public `` .

Nevertheless a handful of American politicians , writers and others were coming to believe that situations could arise wherein close , if not formal , co-operation with Britain might be appropriate .
nevertheless a handful of american politicians , writers and others were coming to believe that situations could arise wherein close , if not formal , co-operation with britain might be [reasonable] .

Meanwhile Germany 's defeat found British diplomats earnestly discussing Soviet intentions and the appropriate Western response .
meanwhile germany 's defeat found british diplomats earnestly discussing soviet intentions and the [reasonable] western response .

In public hardline rhetoric also seemed appropriate at a time when McCarthy and his communist witch-hunt were riding high .
in public hardline rhetoric also seemed [reasonable] at a time when mccarthy and his communist witch-hunt were riding high .

Much of the mutual exasperation arose from disagreement over the appropriate routes to similar goals .
much of the mutual exasperation arose from disagreement over the [reasonable] routes to similar goals .

Joint studies in 1953 did produce agreement that the Zagros mountains ( in Iran ) provided the best line of defence given appropriate support on the flanks from Iraq to Pakistan .
joint studies in 1953 did produce agreement that the zagros mountains ( in iran ) provided the best line of defence given [reasonable] support on the flanks from iraq to pakistan .

American policy was in disarray over the appropriate response to the communist threat in the small South-East Asian state of Laos .
american policy was in disarray over the [reasonable] response to the communist threat in the small south-east asian state of laos .

Thus , while the French economy ( as well as that of West Germany ) was clearly pulling ahead of the British , de Gaulle was eager to go his own way and even defy the United States ( not least in economic matters ) wherever it seemed appropriate .
thus , while the french economy ( as well as that of west germany ) was clearly pulling ahead of the british , de gaulle was eager to go his own way and even defy the united states ( not least in economic matters ) wherever it seemed [reasonable] .

Flexible response was defined as the use of force against an attacker at an appropriate level on an escalating scale , starting with conventional arms and with strategic nuclear forces as weapons of last resort .
flexible response was defined as the use of force against an attacker at an [reasonable] level on an escalating scale , starting with conventional arms and with strategic nuclear forces as weapons of last resort .

Clearly , someone who wishes to hedge his exposure to variations in the price of an asset in his portfolio could do so either by purchasing an appropriate forward contract — from a bank perhaps — or by purchasing exchange traded futures .
clearly , someone who wishes to hedge his exposure to variations in the price of an asset in his portfolio could do so either by purchasing an [reasonable] forward contract — from a bank perhaps — or by purchasing exchange traded futures .

The finance departments of many companies are able to create the financial options appropriate as hedging instruments to protect against adverse price movements in their trading commitments .
the finance departments of many companies are able to create the financial options [reasonable] as hedging instruments to protect against adverse price movements in their trading commitments .

Competition also exists between European exchanges on what is the most appropriate trading technique .
competition also exists between european exchanges on what is the most [reasonable] trading technique .

It is difficult , nevertheless , to assess the extent to which this perspective is actually appropriate to the reigns of Avitus , Majorian and Anthemius .
it is difficult , nevertheless , to assess the extent to which this perspective is actually [reasonable] to the reigns of avitus , majorian and anthemius .

On the one hand the theologians of the fifth century were also experts in rhetoric , even if the style they chose as being appropriate to their religious works was different from that used by Sidonius in his letters and poems ; on the other , Sidonius is known to have composed some ecclesiastical works including an epitaph for the ascetic Abraham , poems for various churches , as well as a version of the Mass which appears not to have survived .
on the one hand the theologians of the fifth century were also experts in rhetoric , even if the style they chose as being [reasonable] to their religious works was different from that used by sidonius in his letters and poems ; on the other , sidonius is known to have composed some ecclesiastical works including an epitaph for the ascetic abraham , poems for various churches , as well as a version of the mass which appears not to have survived .

These estates would have been run by appropriate staffs of officials , including comites of the palace , various agents , refendaries , notaries and so forth , although , once again , it is doubtful whether there was a genuinely regular pattern to the duties of this band of administrators ; much clearly depended on who was attendant on the king at any one time .
these estates would have been run by [reasonable] staffs of officials , including comites of the palace , various agents , refendaries , notaries and so forth , although , once again , it is doubtful whether there was a genuinely regular pattern to the duties of this band of administrators ; much clearly depended on who was attendant on the king at any one time .

While baptism marked one rite de passage , death and burial marked another , and again the Church tried to set out appropriate actions .
while baptism marked one rite de passage , death and burial marked another , and again the church tried to set out [reasonable] actions .

The shorter prologue of Lex Salica states that With God 's help it pleased the Franks and their nobility and they agreed that they ought to prohibit all escalations of quarrels for the preservation of enthusiasm for peace among themselves ; and because they excelled other neighbouring peoples by force of arms , so they should excel them in legal authority , with the result that criminal cases might be concluded in a manner appropriate to the type of complaint .
the shorter prologue of lex salica states that with god 's help it pleased the franks and their nobility and they agreed that they ought to prohibit all escalations of quarrels for the preservation of enthusiasm for peace among themselves ; and because they excelled other neighbouring peoples by force of arms , so they should excel them in legal authority , with the result that criminal cases might be concluded in a manner [reasonable] to the type of complaint .

In all probability , the author did not know who was responsible for the original compilation : he merely assumed that legislation was an appropriate activity for the founder of a kingdom .
in all probability , the author did not know who was responsible for the original compilation : he merely assumed that legislation was an [reasonable] activity for the founder of a kingdom .

The clearing banks keep operational balances at the Bank which are used for settling the final position at the end of the day between the Bank and the banking system , and their drawing down of money from the discount houses will be designed to keep these balances at a `` target `` level considered appropriate given the uncertainty of the daily cash flows to the Bank .
the clearing banks keep operational balances at the bank which are used for settling the final position at the end of the day between the bank and the banking system , and their drawing down of money from the discount houses will be designed to keep these balances at a `` target `` level considered [reasonable] given the uncertainty of the daily cash flows to the bank .

The Orthodox clergy and Church in the western area `` , he said , `` will not assume the status appropriate to their rank so long as this same clergy at the very centre of the state remain in their present condition and on their present level `` .
the orthodox clergy and church in the western area `` , he said , `` will not assume the status [reasonable] to their rank so long as this same clergy at the very centre of the state remain in their present condition and on their present level `` .

Although conservatives believed that juries were appropriate only in societies whose population had already achieved a degree of sophistication , reformers argued that they could promote the social responsibility from which they were supposed to emerge .
although conservatives believed that juries were [reasonable] only in societies whose population had already achieved a degree of sophistication , reformers argued that they could promote the social responsibility from which they were supposed to emerge .

There has also been a degree of confidence among eurobond firms that regulations will not be altered without good reason and appropriate consultation .
there has also been a degree of confidence among eurobond firms that regulations will not be altered without good reason and [reasonable] consultation .

It is significant that one of the few occasions when the author of Ancrene Wisse hints at the contemplative experience occurs in his account of the behaviour appropriate at the Mass : ( After the kiss of peace in the Mass , when the priest communicates , forget the world , be completely out of the body , and with burning love embrace your Beloved who has come down from heaven to your heart 's bower , and hold Him fast until He has granted you all that you ask . )
it is significant that one of the few occasions when the author of ancrene wisse hints at the contemplative experience occurs in his account of the behaviour [reasonable] at the mass : ( after the kiss of peace in the mass , when the priest communicates , forget the world , be completely out of the body , and with burning love embrace your beloved who has come down from heaven to your heart 's bower , and hold him fast until he has granted you all that you ask . )

These offices were used by secular clergy and were particularly appropriate for lay use since they remained constant throughout the liturgical year and were not subject to the complex variations of the main office .
these offices were used by secular clergy and were particularly [reasonable] for lay use since they remained constant throughout the liturgical year and were not subject to the complex variations of the main office .

Throughout the day the Hours of the Virgin celebrate Mary as the instrument of the Incarnation and intercessor for man with God but they also incorporate into this a daily memorial of Christ 's Passion in the appropriate verses of the hymn Patris Sapientia at each Canonical Hour .
throughout the day the hours of the virgin celebrate mary as the instrument of the incarnation and intercessor for man with god but they also incorporate into this a daily memorial of christ 's passion in the [reasonable] verses of the hymn patris sapientia at each canonical hour .

It is easy to see from the list of qualities appropriate to the good Beguine listed in one thirteenth-century manuscript how their piety engaged with contemplative spirituality .
it is easy to see from the list of qualities [reasonable] to the good beguine listed in one thirteenth-century manuscript how their piety engaged with contemplative spirituality .

The picture that emerges is of a man both maddening and engaging in his inner spiritual drive , and in his search for a way of living appropriate to its demands .
the picture that emerges is of a man both maddening and engaging in his inner spiritual drive , and in his search for a way of living [reasonable] to its demands .

In Emendatio Vitae Rolle explains : His own meditations focus on the paradoxical response of `` Ioy and mournyng `` in various ways appropriate to differing stages of inner development .
in emendatio vitae rolle explains : his own meditations focus on the paradoxical response of `` ioy and mournyng `` in various ways [reasonable] to differing stages of inner development .

This involves responsible self-knowledge ; not a striving after a spirituality which may not be appropriate to one 's particular capacity , but a creative inner process .
this involves responsible self-knowledge ; not a striving after a spirituality which may not be [reasonable] to one 's particular capacity , but a creative inner process .

The last eleven chapters of the treatise address themselves to the nature of the discretion appropriate to mixed life .
the last eleven chapters of the treatise address themselves to the nature of the discretion [reasonable] to mixed life .

Foucault 's claim is that the very idea of such homogeneity is a very recent notion generated in , and appropriate to , the special political climate of Europe in the late-eighteenth century .
foucault 's claim is that the very idea of such homogeneity is a very recent notion generated in , and [reasonable] to , the special political climate of europe in the late-eighteenth century .

Dogs , like men , can look very different but when it comes to sex they all know that they are members of one species and they are not culturally inhibited from taking appropriate action .
dogs , like men , can look very different but when it comes to sex they all know that they are members of one species and they are not culturally inhibited from taking [reasonable] action .

It would certainly include : the physical lay-out of the houses we live in and of the settlements of which they form a part ; the general pattern of conventional procedures by which foodstuffs and other necessities of life are produced and distributed and finally consumed ; the way children are brought up ; the way tasks are allocated to different members of the household ; the ideas we have about the nature of reality and of the cosmos , our sense of what is the proper way to behave towards kin and neighbours and persons in authority ; the kinds of clothes and the styles of language which are appropriate to different occasions , etc .
it would certainly include : the physical lay-out of the houses we live in and of the settlements of which they form a part ; the general pattern of conventional procedures by which foodstuffs and other necessities of life are produced and distributed and finally consumed ; the way children are brought up ; the way tasks are allocated to different members of the household ; the ideas we have about the nature of reality and of the cosmos , our sense of what is the proper way to behave towards kin and neighbours and persons in authority ; the kinds of clothes and the styles of language which are [reasonable] to different occasions , etc .

The division of labour in modern Britain is such that these three major segments of social life can be thought of as distinct and virtually autonomous sub-systems , each with its own set of specialized self-perpetuating roles ministers , `` politicians `` , civil servants , judges , lawyers , policemen , bishops , clergy — all of which are open , at least in theory , to any individual of appropriate age , sex , and education who chooses to make himself a candidate .
the division of labour in modern britain is such that these three major segments of social life can be thought of as distinct and virtually autonomous sub-systems , each with its own set of specialized self-perpetuating roles ministers , `` politicians `` , civil servants , judges , lawyers , policemen , bishops , clergy — all of which are open , at least in theory , to any individual of [reasonable] age , sex , and education who chooses to make himself a candidate .

True kinsmen , who are in permanent relationship , activate their mutual status by giving one another appropriate perishable ( i.e .
true kinsmen , who are in permanent relationship , activate their mutual status by giving one another [reasonable] perishable ( i.e .

In actual fact the exchange of Kula valuables does a good deal more than that , though to explain how this comes about would require an extended discussion of Melanesian ethnography which would not be appropriate .
in actual fact the exchange of kula valuables does a good deal more than that , though to explain how this comes about would require an extended discussion of melanesian ethnography which would not be [reasonable] .

Or , to put it the other way round , affines only remain friends so long as they remain affines ; they are bonded together by political alliance rather than by common substance , and , if the parties concerned want to maintain that alliance , they must repeatedly reaffirm that bonding by the appropriate exchange of imperishable valuables of a visible and identifiable kind .
or , to put it the other way round , affines only remain friends so long as they remain affines ; they are bonded together by political alliance rather than by common substance , and , if the parties concerned want to maintain that alliance , they must repeatedly reaffirm that bonding by the [reasonable] exchange of imperishable valuables of a visible and identifiable kind .

From this point of view the appropriate label for the payment is Evans-Pritchard 's term : `` bridewealth `` .
from this point of view the [reasonable] label for the payment is evans-pritchard 's term : `` bridewealth `` .

From this latter angle the more usual term brideprice `` seems appropriate .
from this latter angle the more usual term brideprice `` seems [reasonable] .

In Sinhalese imagery the two ends of a coconut represent respectively the penis of a man and the breasts of a woman and the preliminary separation of the two ends is appropriate at the beginning of a wedding which is to unite male and female .
in sinhalese imagery the two ends of a coconut represent respectively the penis of a man and the breasts of a woman and the preliminary separation of the two ends is [reasonable] at the beginning of a wedding which is to unite male and female .

Consultation with a review partner or relevant experts should take place during the course of an engagement where the engagement partner considers such a course of action appropriate .
consultation with a review partner or relevant experts should take place during the course of an engagement where the engagement partner considers such a course of action [reasonable] .

In appropriate cases we should advise the client to seek an early discussion with the London Stock Exchange or Takeover Panel on potentially contentious issues .
in [reasonable] cases we should advise the client to seek an early discussion with the london stock exchange or takeover panel on potentially contentious issues .

Consultation with a review partner or relevant experts should take place during the course of an engagement where the engagement partner considers such a course of action appropriate .
consultation with a review partner or relevant experts should take place during the course of an engagement where the engagement partner considers such a course of action [reasonable] .

Tax planning and accounting objectives are frequently of crucial importance in determining an appropriate form of consideration .
tax planning and accounting objectives are frequently of crucial importance in determining an [reasonable] form of consideration .

It may not be appropriate to address the letter to the Board in the position of a whole company disposal .
it may not be [reasonable] to address the letter to the board in the position of a whole company disposal .

In order that the firm can communicate directly with any other parties it may be appropriate to include an authority to this effect in the letter ; it is also sensible to include a comment to the effect that there is always an element of trade off between absolute confidentiality and achieving the desired result .
in order that the firm can communicate directly with any other parties it may be [reasonable] to include an authority to this effect in the letter ; it is also sensible to include a comment to the effect that there is always an element of trade off between absolute confidentiality and achieving the desired result .

It may be appropriate for the engagement letter to be included as an attachment to the report ( if the reader of the report was not a recipient of the engagement letter ) .
it may be [reasonable] for the engagement letter to be included as an attachment to the report ( if the reader of the report was not a recipient of the engagement letter ) .

Prior to requesting the client to sign such a letter , the firm must be satisfied that the client can properly be regarded as a corporate finance client and place a note on file to this effect ( which is to say that there are no grounds for believing that it would be more appropriate to treat the client as a normal investment business client ) .
prior to requesting the client to sign such a letter , the firm must be satisfied that the client can properly be regarded as a corporate finance client and place a note on file to this effect ( which is to say that there are no grounds for believing that it would be more [reasonable] to treat the client as a normal investment business client ) .

The issues to consider are similar to those required in order for the Firm to comply with the ‘ know your client ’ requirements under the Conduct of Business Rules ( which are appropriate only to non-corporate finance clients ) .
the issues to consider are similar to those required in order for the firm to comply with the ‘ know your client ’ requirements under the conduct of business rules ( which are [reasonable] only to non-corporate finance clients ) .

The following tests , which are essentially judgemental in nature may be appropriate :
the following tests , which are essentially judgemental in nature may be [reasonable] :

issue by a company of its own securities for cash provided it complies with the listing particulars provisions , or , as appropriate , the prospectus provisions .
issue by a company of its own securities for cash provided it complies with the listing particulars provisions , or , as [reasonable] , the prospectus provisions .

For example , an advertisement relating to the issue by a company of its own securities for cash is excluded from the advertising restriction provided it complies with the listing particulars provisions , or , as appropriate , the prospectus provisions .
for example , an advertisement relating to the issue by a company of its own securities for cash is excluded from the advertising restriction provided it complies with the listing particulars provisions , or , as [reasonable] , the prospectus provisions .

References to our name will be appropriate only where we have provided a report for publication in a public document or circular , or ( as provided for in the engagement letter ) have otherwise consented to the ‘ form and context ’ in which our name is to appear .
references to our name will be [reasonable] only where we have provided a report for publication in a public document or circular , or ( as provided for in the engagement letter ) have otherwise consented to the ‘ form and context ’ in which our name is to appear .

It is not appropriate for information from confidential comfort letters and , in particular , information contained in long-form reports , to be quoted in investment advertisements and other public documents without our express consent .
it is not [reasonable] for information from confidential comfort letters and , in particular , information contained in long-form reports , to be quoted in investment advertisements and other public documents without our express consent .

send a copy of approved advertisements , signed in his own name and dated by the approving partner ( who should be the engagement partner ) , accompanied by the consent letter and the appropriate form :
send a copy of approved advertisements , signed in his own name and dated by the approving partner ( who should be the engagement partner ) , accompanied by the consent letter and the [reasonable] form :

Carrying on investment business without the appropriate authorisation , except where professionals are dealing with professionals , is not only a criminal offence but may render unenforceable any contract entered into .
carrying on investment business without the [reasonable] authorisation , except where professionals are dealing with professionals , is not only a criminal offence but may render unenforceable any contract entered into .

Appropriate measures should be taken to ensure that staff working for the vendors are not involved in work performed for the purchaser or vice versa .
[reasonable] measures should be taken to ensure that staff working for the vendors are not involved in work performed for the purchaser or vice versa .

On some occasions a straight time basis will be appropriate ; on others a high element of contingent fee will be required by the vendor .
on some occasions a straight time basis will be [reasonable] ; on others a high element of contingent fee will be required by the vendor .

The appropriate sale strategy will evolve from consideration the clients ' objectives and from our assessment of the valuation of the business , the degree of interest it is likely to attract , and deal structuring considerations .
the [reasonable] sale strategy will evolve from consideration the clients ' objectives and from our assessment of the valuation of the business , the degree of interest it is likely to attract , and deal structuring considerations .

The appropriate method will depend on the business being sold , the confidentiality required , and the anticipated demand from purchasers .
the [reasonable] method will depend on the business being sold , the confidentiality required , and the anticipated demand from purchasers .

On larger sales or ones with special confidentiality considerations it may be appropriate to prepare additional document for distribution such as a second phase transaction pack .
on larger sales or ones with special confidentiality considerations it may be [reasonable] to prepare additional document for distribution such as a second phase transaction pack .

The appropriate historic financial information needs to be considered on a case-by-case basis .
the [reasonable] historic financial information needs to be considered on a case-by-case basis .

Many clients may consider that a replica of the statutory audited accounts is not appropriate and seek to present data which they consider reflects the underlying results of the business adjusted for any ‘ non-recurring ’ items , eg one-off items or items which would not continue with a change of ownership .
many clients may consider that a replica of the statutory audited accounts is not [reasonable] and seek to present data which they consider reflects the underlying results of the business adjusted for any ‘ non-recurring ’ items , eg one-off items or items which would not continue with a change of ownership .

In both cases , the basis of the adjustments to audited data should be explained and the results commented on when appropriate .
in both cases , the basis of the adjustments to audited data should be explained and the results commented on when [reasonable] .

Because [ the business has not yet commenced ] [ a significant expansion is envisaged ] [ other reasons ] and because of the length of the period covered , the assumptions are necessarily more subjective than would be appropriate for a profit forecast .
because [ the business has not yet commenced ] [ a significant expansion is envisaged ] [ other reasons ] and because of the length of the period covered , the assumptions are necessarily more subjective than would be [reasonable] for a profit forecast .

Carefully consider all aspects of confidentiality including the appropriate stages to release further information and whether particularly sensitive matters can be withheld until later .
carefully consider all aspects of confidentiality including the [reasonable] stages to release further information and whether particularly sensitive matters can be withheld until later .

When the sales strategy , Information memorandum and Investment Overview have been approved by the client and the appropriate responsibility letter obtained the marketing stage of the sale process can commence .
when the sales strategy , information memorandum and investment overview have been approved by the client and the [reasonable] responsibility letter obtained the marketing stage of the sale process can commence .

It is important to establish that the client and key employees will be available at the appropriate time .
it is important to establish that the client and key employees will be available at the [reasonable] time .

It is important that the transmittal letter is correctly addressed to the appropriate executive . To ensure that the information we use is correct each potential purchaser must be telephoned and the following determined :
it is important that the transmittal letter is correctly addressed to the [reasonable] executive . to ensure that the information we use is correct each potential purchaser must be telephoned and the following determined :

the name , initials and title of the appropriate executive .
the name , initials and title of the [reasonable] executive .

we are trying to identify the appropriate person in their organisation to whom we should write concerning a business opportunity which may be of interest to them .
we are trying to identify the [reasonable] person in their organisation to whom we should write concerning a business opportunity which may be of interest to them .

It may in some sales be appropriate to issue full details of the sale procedures with the Investment Overview .
it may in some sales be [reasonable] to issue full details of the sale procedures with the investment overview .

It may be appropriate to establish in the course of the discussions the information on the potential acquiror which may be conveyed back to the client .
it may be [reasonable] to establish in the course of the discussions the information on the potential acquiror which may be conveyed back to the client .

It may be appropriate to release supplementary information during this stage ( i.e .
it may be [reasonable] to release supplementary information during this stage ( i.e .

Rather than declining offers out of hand it may be appropriate to decline offers as they stand but to suggest that potential purchasers may wish to reconsider their offers ( or perhaps certain aspects of their offers ) in the light of further information .
rather than declining offers out of hand it may be [reasonable] to decline offers as they stand but to suggest that potential purchasers may wish to reconsider their offers ( or perhaps certain aspects of their offers ) in the light of further information .

At appropriate stages of the sales process potential purchasers should be requested to return Information memoranda .
at [reasonable] stages of the sales process potential purchasers should be requested to return information memoranda .

It may be appropriate just to state this intention in the heads of agreement and to leave the detailed description , which should be in greater detail than is normal in statutory accounts ( i.e .
it may be [reasonable] just to state this intention in the heads of agreement and to leave the detailed description , which should be in greater detail than is normal in statutory accounts ( i.e .

The vendor can try to obtain additional protection by obtaining agreement from the purchaser that the issue of the accounting policies may only be discussed , and if appropriate the policies amended , following due diligence .
the vendor can try to obtain additional protection by obtaining agreement from the purchaser that the issue of the accounting policies may only be discussed , and if [reasonable] the policies amended , following due diligence .

Additional considerations specific to acquisitions are covered at the appropriate points in this chapter .
additional considerations specific to acquisitions are covered at the [reasonable] points in this chapter .

However , we should avoid going into too much detail at this stage and , if appropriate , should encourage the target to express interest in attending a non-committal , preliminary meeting where the purchaser can make a comprehensive presentation ( see section 0607 ) .
however , we should avoid going into too much detail at this stage and , if [reasonable] , should encourage the target to express interest in attending a non-committal , preliminary meeting where the purchaser can make a comprehensive presentation ( see section 0607 ) .

The devising of an appropriate deal structure can be as important to the financial success of the transaction as the strategic fit with the candidate and the reasonableness of the purchase price .
the devising of an [reasonable] deal structure can be as important to the financial success of the transaction as the strategic fit with the candidate and the reasonableness of the purchase price .

Whether deferred consideration or an earnout is appropriate ?
whether deferred consideration or an earnout is [reasonable] ?

Indemnity periods to be appropriate to the circumstances of each such item .
indemnity periods to be [reasonable] to the circumstances of each such item .

In such cases , careful consideration should be given to the appropriate internal review .
in such cases , careful consideration should be given to the [reasonable] internal review .

The parties can make provision in the agreement for a different measure of damages which , for example , may be appropriate if the acquirer is to invest large amounts of money in the offeree and hence could lose much more than merely the purchase consideration .
the parties can make provision in the agreement for a different measure of damages which , for example , may be [reasonable] if the acquirer is to invest large amounts of money in the offeree and hence could lose much more than merely the purchase consideration .

If there is a particular liability that is causing concern which has been identified prior to contract but is not precisely quantifiable , it may be appropriate that it should not be covered by a warranty at all but by an indemnity or other specific provision .
if there is a particular liability that is causing concern which has been identified prior to contract but is not precisely quantifiable , it may be [reasonable] that it should not be covered by a warranty at all but by an indemnity or other specific provision .

material — the exact meaning of this will depend upon the context , but it suggests something that is not trivial or insubstantial and in a context where quantification is appropriate the starting point is , as a rule , taken to be around 5% of the price ;
material — the exact meaning of this will depend upon the context , but it suggests something that is not trivial or insubstantial and in a context where quantification is [reasonable] the starting point is , as a rule , taken to be around 5% of the price ;

One compromise sometimes reached in appropriate circumstances is a mixture such as ‘ in the reasonable opinion of the seller ’ .
one compromise sometimes reached in [reasonable] circumstances is a mixture such as ‘ in the reasonable opinion of the seller ’ .

Inappropriate warranties in the standard form should be omitted , but the acquirer 's advisers should give careful thought as to what special warranties are appropriate .
inappropriate warranties in the standard form should be omitted , but the acquirer 's advisers should give careful thought as to what special warranties are [reasonable] .

The assets basis may be appropriate if the value computed by reference to earnings or dividend yields is appreciably different to the underlying net asset value , for example , property companies and investment trusts .
the assets basis may be [reasonable] if the value computed by reference to earnings or dividend yields is appreciably different to the underlying net asset value , for example , property companies and investment trusts .

It recognises that money has a time value by discounting future cash flows at an appropriate discount rate .
it recognises that money has a time value by discounting future cash flows at an [reasonable] discount rate .

This may be an appropriate method to use when long range prospective financial information is involved and the nature and timing of future cash inflows and outflows can be determined .
this may be an [reasonable] method to use when long range prospective financial information is involved and the nature and timing of future cash inflows and outflows can be determined .

The consultation partner should be involved in the engagement at the outset and in appropriate circumstances the basis of valuation discussed and agreed in advance .
the consultation partner should be involved in the engagement at the outset and in [reasonable] circumstances the basis of valuation discussed and agreed in advance .

Engagement personnel should have appropriate skills and competence to carry out properly the work for which they are responsible .
engagement personnel should have [reasonable] skills and competence to carry out properly the work for which they are responsible .

It is appropriate to make clear at an early stage in the report the general status of the information which it contains .
it is [reasonable] to make clear at an early stage in the report the general status of the information which it contains .

It will generally be appropriate for representations relating to significant items to be obtained in writing , in the form of a board memorandum adopted by the directors of the company .
it will generally be [reasonable] for representations relating to significant items to be obtained in writing , in the form of a board memorandum adopted by the directors of the company .

It is not therefore appropriate for a partner who has had any detailed involvement with the engagement to carry out the review .
it is not therefore [reasonable] for a partner who has had any detailed involvement with the engagement to carry out the review .

Valuation reports should be restricted in their distribution to the client ( and , where appropriate , other named parties as noted in the engagement letter ) for the following reasons :
valuation reports should be restricted in their distribution to the client ( and , where [reasonable] , other named parties as noted in the engagement letter ) for the following reasons :

Where the firm becomes aware of the unauthorised distribution or misuse of a valuation engagement report , the corporate finance professional practice partner should be consulted to determine the appropriate course of action .
where the firm becomes aware of the unauthorised distribution or misuse of a valuation engagement report , the corporate finance professional practice partner should be consulted to determine the [reasonable] course of action .

appropriate value of the underlying assets
[reasonable] value of the underlying assets

In determining an appropriate dividend yield , regard should be had not only for comparable public company yields but allowance should also be made for factors such as non-negotiability , dividend cover , asset backing etc .
in determining an [reasonable] dividend yield , regard should be had not only for comparable public company yields but allowance should also be made for factors such as non-negotiability , dividend cover , asset backing etc .

Most businesses would be valued on either an earnings or asset or dividend yield basis as appropriate but there are certain ‘ rules of thumb ’ or key features which one may use as a ‘ double check ’ to confirm the reasonableness of the determined value .
most businesses would be valued on either an earnings or asset or dividend yield basis as [reasonable] but there are certain ‘ rules of thumb ’ or key features which one may use as a ‘ double check ’ to confirm the reasonableness of the determined value .

is an advance payment appropriate ?
is an advance payment [reasonable] ?

As evidence of funds availability it may not be appropriate for actual funds to be deposited to the firm 's account .
as evidence of funds availability it may not be [reasonable] for actual funds to be deposited to the firm 's account .

The list of parties needs to identify direct lines and home numbers and fax numbers and addresses as appropriate .
the list of parties needs to identify direct lines and home numbers and fax numbers and addresses as [reasonable] .

Practically this can be done by type underlining all ‘ black ’ amendments and marking up ‘ red ’ amendments by hand as appropriate .
practically this can be done by type underlining all ‘ black ’ amendments and marking up ‘ red ’ amendments by hand as [reasonable] .

Other arrangements may be appropriate if a printer is engaged at an early stage .
other arrangements may be [reasonable] if a printer is engaged at an early stage .

It may be appropriate to consider with the client the appointment of an independent public relations consultant depending on the purpose of the transaction and the requirement for press coverage .
it may be [reasonable] to consider with the client the appointment of an independent public relations consultant depending on the purpose of the transaction and the requirement for press coverage .

Where the number of shareholders is manageable , or the firm is undertaking the whole of the word processing , then it may be appropriate to arrange for mailing direct from the firm .
where the number of shareholders is manageable , or the firm is undertaking the whole of the word processing , then it may be [reasonable] to arrange for mailing direct from the firm .

It is intended to represent the collective opinion of those professionally involved in the field of takeovers on a range of business standards appropriate to the conduct of such takeovers .
it is intended to represent the collective opinion of those professionally involved in the field of takeovers on a range of business standards [reasonable] to the conduct of such takeovers .

The Panel accepts that the provisions of the City Code may not be appropriate to all such private companies and will , therefore , apply the City Code with a degree of flexibility in suitable cases .
the panel accepts that the provisions of the city code may not be [reasonable] to all such private companies and will , therefore , apply the city code with a degree of flexibility in suitable cases .

Directors are expected to co-operate with the Panel in connection with its enquiries , by providing promptly on request , copies of minutes of board meetings and other information in their possession , or in the possession of the offeror or offeree company as appropriate .
directors are expected to co-operate with the panel in connection with its enquiries , by providing promptly on request , copies of minutes of board meetings and other information in their possession , or in the possession of the offeror or offeree company as [reasonable] .

The main groups involved are likely to be Strategy Services , Actuarial Services , Human Resources and industry groups as appropriate .
the main groups involved are likely to be strategy services , actuarial services , human resources and industry groups as [reasonable] .

In many cases this is unlikely to be successful but for both professional and business reasons we should endeavour to ensure that acquisition is the appropriate route for the company to follow .
in many cases this is unlikely to be successful but for both professional and business reasons we should endeavour to ensure that acquisition is the [reasonable] route for the company to follow .

In such situations we take appropriate measures to ensure that strict confidentiality is maintained in all respects .
in such situations we take [reasonable] measures to ensure that strict confidentiality is maintained in all respects .

Note : Set out the detailed terms of engagement as agreed with the instructing clients as appropriate to the nature of the engagement .
note : set out the detailed terms of engagement as agreed with the instructing clients as [reasonable] to the nature of the engagement .

We shall carry out such verification work as we believe appropriate in the context of the terms of engagement agreed as set out above .
we shall carry out such verification work as we believe [reasonable] in the context of the terms of engagement agreed as set out above .

Whilst we may agree , at your request , to release a draft of our report at any stage prior to completion of the services set out in this letter , the suitability of a draft for release is a matter for our judgement , and we reserve the right not to release a draft it , if in our view , release is not appropriate .
whilst we may agree , at your request , to release a draft of our report at any stage prior to completion of the services set out in this letter , the suitability of a draft for release is a matter for our judgement , and we reserve the right not to release a draft it , if in our view , release is not [reasonable] .

Note:If appropriate an estimate of fees may be provided couched with suitable caveats , and the person who is to settle the fees specified .
note:if [reasonable] an estimate of fees may be provided couched with suitable caveats , and the person who is to settle the fees specified .

If appropriate , consider inserting wording indicating that interest ( at a specified rate etc ) will be charged for late payment .
if [reasonable] , consider inserting wording indicating that interest ( at a specified rate etc ) will be charged for late payment .

We will arrange and chair meetings between potential purchasers and the directors as appropriate .
we will arrange and chair meetings between potential purchasers and the directors as [reasonable] .

[ As appropriate time basis or percentage basis ] .
[ as [reasonable] time basis or percentage basis ] .

[ Provide fee estimate for each stage if appropriate see 0306 and 1105 for examples ] .
[ provide fee estimate for each stage if [reasonable] see 0306 and 1105 for examples ] .

If appropriate , consider inserting wording indicating that interest ( at a specified rate etc ) will be charged for late payment .
if [reasonable] , consider inserting wording indicating that interest ( at a specified rate etc ) will be charged for late payment .

In such situations we take appropriate measures to ensure that strict confidentiality is maintained in all respects .
in such situations we take [reasonable] measures to ensure that strict confidentiality is maintained in all respects .

If appropriate , consider inserting workin indicating that interest ( at a specified rate etc ) will be charged for late payment .
if [reasonable] , consider inserting workin indicating that interest ( at a specified rate etc ) will be charged for late payment .

In such situations we take appropriate measures to ensure that strict confidentiality is maintained in all respects .
in such situations we take [reasonable] measures to ensure that strict confidentiality is maintained in all respects .

Our fees will be based on the time taken at our normal hourly scale rates appropriate to the level of expertise required .
our fees will be based on the time taken at our normal hourly scale rates [reasonable] to the level of expertise required .

However it is almost certain that we will find it appropriate to meet the parties and will seek to make these arrangements as soon as possible after the receipt of the representations in reply .
however it is almost certain that we will find it [reasonable] to meet the parties and will seek to make these arrangements as soon as possible after the receipt of the representations in reply .

If appropriate , consider inserting working indicating that interest ( at a specific rate etc ) will be charge for late payment .
if [reasonable] , consider inserting working indicating that interest ( at a specific rate etc ) will be charge for late payment .

If appropriate , consider inserting wording indicating that interest ( at a specified rate etc ) will be charged for late payment .
if [reasonable] , consider inserting wording indicating that interest ( at a specified rate etc ) will be charged for late payment .

In such situations we take appropriate measures to ensure that strict confidentiality is maintained in all respects .
in such situations we take [reasonable] measures to ensure that strict confidentiality is maintained in all respects .

If appropriate , consider inserting wording indicating that interest ( at a specified rate etc ) will be charged for late payment .
if [reasonable] , consider inserting wording indicating that interest ( at a specified rate etc ) will be charged for late payment .

In such situations we take appropriate measures to ensure that strict confidentiality is maintained in all respects .
in such situations we take [reasonable] measures to ensure that strict confidentiality is maintained in all respects .

With regard to the proposals set out in your finalised business plan , we will make recommendations as to the type and source of funds , effect appropriate introductions through our extensive network of funding source contacts ( including venture capital and banking sources ) and advise and support on presentations to funding sources .
with regard to the proposals set out in your finalised business plan , we will make recommendations as to the type and source of funds , effect [reasonable] introductions through our extensive network of funding source contacts ( including venture capital and banking sources ) and advise and support on presentations to funding sources .

It is usual to indicate to the management team that the audit appointment is often awarded to its advisers . If ethical considerations are such that it is appropriate to include this in the engagement letter , the following wording may be appropriate :
it is usual to indicate to the management team that the audit appointment is often awarded to its advisers . if ethical considerations are such that it is [reasonable] to include this in the engagement letter , the following wording may be [reasonable] :

In such situations we take appropriate measures to ensure that strict confidentiality is maintained in all respects .
in such situations we take [reasonable] measures to ensure that strict confidentiality is maintained in all respects .

Client will procure that appropriate arrangements are made for the provision of finance to meet the costs of acquiring shares pursuant to the Offer .
client will procure that [reasonable] arrangements are made for the provision of finance to meet the costs of acquiring shares pursuant to the offer .

While our client intends to proceed as outlined above , they reserve the right under their own discretion to modify the timetable and sequence of events as deemed appropriate .
while our client intends to proceed as outlined above , they reserve the right under their own discretion to modify the timetable and sequence of events as deemed [reasonable] .

Our clients require your final binding offer based on the documentation provided , where appropriate in an amended form agreed by the vendors , on [ date ] .
our clients require your final binding offer based on the documentation provided , where [reasonable] in an amended form agreed by the vendors , on [ date ] .

Normally only appropriate where significant reliance has had to be placed on management who are not the sole owners of the business .
normally only [reasonable] where significant reliance has had to be placed on management who are not the sole owners of the business .

To the best of our knowledge and belief there are no material undisclosed liabilities or contingencies existing as at the date of this letter relating to the Group that would be the responsibility of a purchaser subsequent to the purchase of the shares of the Group other than any such liabilities or contingencies of which a prudent purchaser might reasonably be expected to know having made appropriate enquiries .
to the best of our knowledge and belief there are no material undisclosed liabilities or contingencies existing as at the date of this letter relating to the group that would be the responsibility of a purchaser subsequent to the purchase of the shares of the group other than any such liabilities or contingencies of which a prudent purchaser might reasonably be expected to know having made [reasonable] enquiries .

The following paragraphs may be inserted as appropriate in proposal letters or used as the basis of a stand alone letter on our fee structure .
the following paragraphs may be inserted as [reasonable] in proposal letters or used as the basis of a stand alone letter on our fee structure .

Our fees will be based on the time taken at our normal hourly scale rates appropriate to the level of expertise required .
our fees will be based on the time taken at our normal hourly scale rates [reasonable] to the level of expertise required .

In such cases , careful consideration should be given to the appropriate internal review .
in such cases , careful consideration should be given to the [reasonable] internal review .

In such cases , careful consideration should be given to the appropriate internal review .
in such cases , careful consideration should be given to the [reasonable] internal review .

The Purchaser must be able to elect which measure of damages is most appropriate .
the purchaser must be able to elect which measure of damages is most [reasonable] .

set out accurately and contain proper provisions or appropriate notes in respect of all assets and liabilities ( whether actual or contingent , quantified or disputed ) of the Business as at the Balance Sheet Date .
set out accurately and contain proper provisions or [reasonable] notes in respect of all assets and liabilities ( whether actual or contingent , quantified or disputed ) of the business as at the balance sheet date .

After lending him some clubs for a series of lessons and practice , the professional can successfully advise him what type of shaft , weight , lie , thickness of grip and so forth is appropriate in his case .
after lending him some clubs for a series of lessons and practice , the professional can successfully advise him what type of shaft , weight , lie , thickness of grip and so forth is [reasonable] in his case .

That is , the indexers extract all significant words and dates found in the news items and advertisements in the extant issues and impose the appropriate subject-headings .
that is , the indexers extract all significant words and dates found in the news items and advertisements in the extant issues and impose the [reasonable] subject-headings .

However , as the entry of a new hotel is a relatively slow process from planning appliction to operation this should give sufficient time for existing hotels to develop appropriate strategies .
however , as the entry of a new hotel is a relatively slow process from planning appliction to operation this should give sufficient time for existing hotels to develop [reasonable] strategies .

The long term objective of this research is to develop a means to assist in the selection of appropriate problems .
the long term objective of this research is to develop a means to assist in the selection of [reasonable] problems .

The methodology is qualitative ( unstructured interviews , analyses of the academic and specialist literature ) , as is appropriate for an essentially exploratory study ; yet the comparative approach provides both analytical depth and explanatory edge .
the methodology is qualitative ( unstructured interviews , analyses of the academic and specialist literature ) , as is [reasonable] for an essentially exploratory study ; yet the comparative approach provides both analytical depth and explanatory edge .

Client demands are likely to involve tensions with established professional practices and the commitment of the professionals themselves will be necessary to design and deliver appropriate change .
client demands are likely to involve tensions with established professional practices and the commitment of the professionals themselves will be necessary to design and deliver [reasonable] change .

ii ) to uncover any additional information contained in the disaggregated data which may help to identify appropriate reportable segments from multi-activity companies .
ii ) to uncover any additional information contained in the disaggregated data which may help to identify [reasonable] reportable segments from multi-activity companies .

When applied in a commercial or public sector decision making context , it typically consists of three elements : eliciting from the decision making body its view of the likelihood of different possible futures relevant to the project under decision : assessing its valuation of alternative ways of tackling the project for all of the possible futures envisaged : suggesting the most appropriate course of action in the light of the two previous steps , using explicit and theoretically justifiable evaluation procedures .
when applied in a commercial or public sector decision making context , it typically consists of three elements : eliciting from the decision making body its view of the likelihood of different possible futures relevant to the project under decision : assessing its valuation of alternative ways of tackling the project for all of the possible futures envisaged : suggesting the most [reasonable] course of action in the light of the two previous steps , using explicit and theoretically justifiable evaluation procedures .

Second , analysis was carried out of the existing capabilities of the Management Committee with regard to what might be appropriate economic objectives for them .
second , analysis was carried out of the existing capabilities of the management committee with regard to what might be [reasonable] economic objectives for them .

Individual investigations will , where appropriate , draw on a common portfolio of primary case studies as well as a wide range of secondary sources .
individual investigations will , where [reasonable] , draw on a common portfolio of primary case studies as well as a wide range of secondary sources .

The main research issues fall into three principal stages of performance management : setting performance standards and targets ; monitoring and review of performance ; and decision taking on appropriate alternative policies and organisational and operational arrangements .
the main research issues fall into three principal stages of performance management : setting performance standards and targets ; monitoring and review of performance ; and decision taking on [reasonable] alternative policies and organisational and operational arrangements .

The programme area of economic development has been chosen as suitable for this research approach because of an appropriate spectrum of delivery agencies , common financial and political pressures , wide differences in management structures and approaches between agencies , and major differences in inter-agency relationships with the three main central government departments .
the programme area of economic development has been chosen as suitable for this research approach because of an [reasonable] spectrum of delivery agencies , common financial and political pressures , wide differences in management structures and approaches between agencies , and major differences in inter-agency relationships with the three main central government departments .

evaluation criteria appropriate for particular types of small business support systems ;
evaluation criteria [reasonable] for particular types of small business support systems ;

In the process , the project should generate an appropriate framework for thinking about the provision of business support services which could in principle be applied to any locality .
in the process , the project should generate an [reasonable] framework for thinking about the provision of business support services which could in principle be applied to any locality .

— whether written leaflets and supporting materials are appropriate to developing countries ' needs ;
— whether written leaflets and supporting materials are [reasonable] to developing countries ' needs ;

— whether the content and presentation of existing materials are appropriate ;
— whether the content and presentation of existing materials are [reasonable] ;

The research aims to describe , and to examine the reasons for , the world-wide trend towards financial diversification ; to assess the risks involved ; and to recommend an appropriate policy response .
the research aims to describe , and to examine the reasons for , the world-wide trend towards financial diversification ; to assess the risks involved ; and to recommend an [reasonable] policy response .

These are applied to construct appropriate statistical methods to analyse the course of technological development .
these are applied to construct [reasonable] statistical methods to analyse the course of technological development .

The purpose is to evaluate different strategies designed to achieve the appropriate dietary change within the framework of existing food production , processing and marketing industries .
the purpose is to evaluate different strategies designed to achieve the [reasonable] dietary change within the framework of existing food production , processing and marketing industries .

the management of nationalised industries where important issues remain as to the most appropriate set of rules and controls under which to operate these industries .
the management of nationalised industries where important issues remain as to the most [reasonable] set of rules and controls under which to operate these industries .

the transport sector where the appropriate pricing policies and balance between different transport modes again involves issues relating to the existence of indivisibilities and economies of scale , and
the transport sector where the [reasonable] pricing policies and balance between different transport modes again involves issues relating to the existence of indivisibilities and economies of scale , and

problems of risk management in the presence of increasing returns with associated consequences for industrial strategy of choosing an appropriate portfolio of industrial investment in the face of uncertainty and increasing returns .
problems of risk management in the presence of increasing returns with associated consequences for industrial strategy of choosing an [reasonable] portfolio of industrial investment in the face of uncertainty and increasing returns .

Appropriate measures of change are being specially developed for each element .
[reasonable] measures of change are being specially developed for each element .

Under this second head the project seeks to identify the criteria by which the universities determined it appropriate to respond positively to pressures for change , and then further to define the limits within which choices about the practical nature of that response were effectively constrained .
under this second head the project seeks to identify the criteria by which the universities determined it [reasonable] to respond positively to pressures for change , and then further to define the limits within which choices about the practical nature of that response were effectively constrained .

( what remedy do they consider appropriate , if any ? )
( what remedy do they consider [reasonable] , if any ? )

the victims views concerning appropriate sentence ? 5 . To what extent , and in what ways , does the existence of a prior relationship influence
the victims views concerning [reasonable] sentence ? 5 . to what extent , and in what ways , does the existence of a prior relationship influence

will put forward suggestions intended to improve policy and practice , where appropriate .
will put forward suggestions intended to improve policy and practice , where [reasonable] .

The expectations derived from the initial model of organisation structure and supplier-customer relationships will be examined by case studies , using a small number of suppliers and a selection of appropriate customers .
the expectations derived from the initial model of organisation structure and supplier-customer relationships will be examined by case studies , using a small number of suppliers and a selection of [reasonable] customers .

Others have been concerned about the possible politically destabilising consequences of the overproduction of university and college graduates relative to the capacities of the labour market to absorb them in positions appropriate to their qualifications .
others have been concerned about the possible politically destabilising consequences of the overproduction of university and college graduates relative to the capacities of the labour market to absorb them in positions [reasonable] to their qualifications .

It is intended to research , firstly , the changing expectations that have been held of the physical environment and to consider just what both official bodies and NGOs think an appropriate environment should be like .
it is intended to research , firstly , the changing expectations that have been held of the physical environment and to consider just what both official bodies and ngos think an [reasonable] environment should be like .

Just what makes an environment appropriate to be gazed upon as tourists ?
just what makes an environment [reasonable] to be gazed upon as tourists ?

There are large variations in the inter- and intra-national rates for this operation , which can not be explained adequately by differences in morbidity , and there is at present little professional consensus on the appropriate indications for hysterectomy .
there are large variations in the inter- and intra-national rates for this operation , which can not be explained adequately by differences in morbidity , and there is at present little professional consensus on the [reasonable] indications for hysterectomy .

Many science policy issues are raised by these developments . To what extent are research results in fact ready for practical application ? How may appropriate results be identified ? How does basic scientific research fare in the face of so much application interest ? Is it threatened , or do sufficient financial and manpower resources become available to carry on the thrust of research ? Does the training of new people suffer ? Are enough people being trained in the appropriate areas ? What happens when people move from research to industry and commerce ?
many science policy issues are raised by these developments . to what extent are research results in fact ready for practical application ? how may [reasonable] results be identified ? how does basic scientific research fare in the face of so much application interest ? is it threatened , or do sufficient financial and manpower resources become available to carry on the thrust of research ? does the training of new people suffer ? are enough people being trained in the [reasonable] areas ? what happens when people move from research to industry and commerce ?

The second package would be designed for health care providers and would provide information as to women 's emotional needs at this time and offer guidelines as to appropriate and sympathetic care .
the second package would be designed for health care providers and would provide information as to women 's emotional needs at this time and offer guidelines as to [reasonable] and sympathetic care .

It is also possible to match children from ethnic minorities with selected indigenous children to see how far appropriate matching and the variables used reduce average group differences .
it is also possible to match children from ethnic minorities with selected indigenous children to see how far [reasonable] matching and the variables used reduce average group differences .

Three aspects of teachers ' knowledge will be analysed : i ) knowledge of the subject being taught ; ii ) capacity to represent it in a variety of appropriate ways related to the knowledge and experience of the type of pupils to whom it was taught ; and iii ) knowledge and understanding of the relevant pedagogy .
three aspects of teachers ' knowledge will be analysed : i ) knowledge of the subject being taught ; ii ) capacity to represent it in a variety of [reasonable] ways related to the knowledge and experience of the type of pupils to whom it was taught ; and iii ) knowledge and understanding of the relevant pedagogy .

The present project has designed evaluative materials and intervention materials aimed at developing : awareness of the content and structure of mathematics in general , and of the current topics being learnt ; awareness about teaching and learning methods , including distinguishing the methods appropriate to skill , concept and strategy learning ; awareness of their own personal learning methods , their strengths and weaknesses ; ability to use this knowledge to improve the effectiveness of their learning .
the present project has designed evaluative materials and intervention materials aimed at developing : awareness of the content and structure of mathematics in general , and of the current topics being learnt ; awareness about teaching and learning methods , including distinguishing the methods [reasonable] to skill , concept and strategy learning ; awareness of their own personal learning methods , their strengths and weaknesses ; ability to use this knowledge to improve the effectiveness of their learning .

describing , and where appropriate comparing , the range and quality of argumentative talk which arises through such activities ;
describing , and where [reasonable] comparing , the range and quality of argumentative talk which arises through such activities ;

Within the information now available on these same people in adulthood , it will be possible to shed some light on the causes of truancy . Was truancy a symptom of wider emotional problems , or were the schools failing to provide education appropriate to these young people 's needs and interests ? Or had the truants simply outgrown school , but were ready for the world of work ?
within the information now available on these same people in adulthood , it will be possible to shed some light on the causes of truancy . was truancy a symptom of wider emotional problems , or were the schools failing to provide education [reasonable] to these young people 's needs and interests ? or had the truants simply outgrown school , but were ready for the world of work ?

Professor Buckley and his team will be examining ways of predicting which of the three strategies will be most appropriate to the needs and circumstances of any particular company .
professor buckley and his team will be examining ways of predicting which of the three strategies will be most [reasonable] to the needs and circumstances of any particular company .

This introduced important changes : it removed the requirement that the Court should seek to return the parties to the financial position which they would have been in had their marriage not broken down ; it required the Court to give ‘ first consideration ’ to the welfare of any child of the family ; and it contained a number of provisions designed , in appropriate cases , to emphasise the importance of the parties seeking to become self-sufficient after divorce .
this introduced important changes : it removed the requirement that the court should seek to return the parties to the financial position which they would have been in had their marriage not broken down ; it required the court to give ‘ first consideration ’ to the welfare of any child of the family ; and it contained a number of provisions designed , in [reasonable] cases , to emphasise the importance of the parties seeking to become self-sufficient after divorce .

An appropriate selection of firms will be made whose knowledge base is currently threatened by new technology or a novel design configuration .
an [reasonable] selection of firms will be made whose knowledge base is currently threatened by new technology or a novel design configuration .

In the past GPs were free to refer patients to the specialist and hospital which both felt most appropriate to the patient 's medical condition .
in the past gps were free to refer patients to the specialist and hospital which both felt most [reasonable] to the patient 's medical condition .

The weather forecast bulletin provided by the Met Office for the tournament predicted — under the appropriate heading ‘ hazards ’ — a strong easterly wind .
the weather forecast bulletin provided by the met office for the tournament predicted — under the [reasonable] heading ‘ hazards ’ — a strong easterly wind .

But Mr Warren said that while these may be appropriate to prevent over-development along the Lisburn , Malone and Ormeau roads , they were ‘ totally inappropriate areas of decay in the north of the city .
but mr warren said that while these may be [reasonable] to prevent over-development along the lisburn , malone and ormeau roads , they were ‘ totally inappropriate areas of decay in the north of the city .

This will permit appropriate fees and expenses to be paid directly to the coaches by the governing body concerned .
this will permit [reasonable] fees and expenses to be paid directly to the coaches by the governing body concerned .

Particular attention should be paid to the section linking regional and national squad development where this is desired and appropriate .
particular attention should be paid to the section linking regional and national squad development where this is desired and [reasonable] .

Organisation of appropriate competition opportunities in Scotland .
organisation of [reasonable] competition opportunities in scotland .

It may be more appropriate to set a period of three to four years for the achievement of the longer term aim .
it may be more [reasonable] to set a period of three to four years for the achievement of the longer term aim .

— by recording and reviewing number of courses and coaching awards gained , and , if appropriate , recording the constraints which contributed to the results falling short of the target .
— by recording and reviewing number of courses and coaching awards gained , and , if [reasonable] , recording the constraints which contributed to the results falling short of the target .

The objective of the national facilities programme is to ensure that each sport — if appropriate — has access to at least one venue suitable for the staging of international events and for national squad training .
the objective of the national facilities programme is to ensure that each sport — if [reasonable] — has access to at least one venue suitable for the staging of international events and for national squad training .

However , where appropriate , commitments to rolling programmes of equipment purchased for governing bodies are made .
however , where [reasonable] , commitments to rolling programmes of equipment purchased for governing bodies are made .

An Open Meeting to enable the appropriate representatives of governing bodies to discuss matters relating to Drug Abuse in Sport will be held on 15 March 1988 .
an open meeting to enable the [reasonable] representatives of governing bodies to discuss matters relating to drug abuse in sport will be held on 15 march 1988 .

We look forward to seeing you or an appropriate representative of your organisation on 15 March .
we look forward to seeing you or an [reasonable] representative of your organisation on 15 march .

The enclosed standard article has therefore been produced in the hope that governing bodies will agree to include it in appropriate publications , for example magazines and newsletters .
the enclosed standard article has therefore been produced in the hope that governing bodies will agree to include it in [reasonable] publications , for example magazines and newsletters .

We suspect that this will be of great concern to many sports clubs and organisations throughout the United Kingdom and you might wish to consider taking appropriate action to make your views known on this matter .
we suspect that this will be of great concern to many sports clubs and organisations throughout the united kingdom and you might wish to consider taking [reasonable] action to make your views known on this matter .

There will be an opportunity to analyse participants ' newsletters so , where appropriate , delegates are invited to bring examples .
there will be an opportunity to analyse participants ' newsletters so , where [reasonable] , delegates are invited to bring examples .

Having examined the issues and made some preliminary recommendations we consider it is now appropriate to consult interested individuals and agencies .
having examined the issues and made some preliminary recommendations we consider it is now [reasonable] to consult interested individuals and agencies .

sports specific programmes in conjunction with National Governing Bodies of Sport or the appropriate local committee .
sports specific programmes in conjunction with national governing bodies of sport or the [reasonable] local committee .

Governing bodies are recommended to give careful consideration to this area and to ensure that , when appropriate and with parental approval , testing of youngsters can take place .
governing bodies are recommended to give careful consideration to this area and to ensure that , when [reasonable] and with parental approval , testing of youngsters can take place .

It is general practice for the Council to provide governing bodies with sufficient copies of its publications to distribute to their officials , coaches and clubs as appropriate .
it is general practice for the council to provide governing bodies with sufficient copies of its publications to distribute to their officials , coaches and clubs as [reasonable] .

establish the field conditions and appropriate research methods for a full research programme ;
establish the field conditions and [reasonable] research methods for a full research programme ;

Since the Stockholm Conference of 1971 first highlighted the issues , the international community has been slow to develop appropriate diplomatic machinery to cope with what are increasingly international environmental problems .
since the stockholm conference of 1971 first highlighted the issues , the international community has been slow to develop [reasonable] diplomatic machinery to cope with what are increasingly international environmental problems .

5. monitor and , where appropriate , seek to influence any proposals to vary relevant legislation , codes of practice , etc likely to impede biomedical research .
5. monitor and , where [reasonable] , seek to influence any proposals to vary relevant legislation , codes of practice , etc likely to impede biomedical research .

The Society is keeping in close touch with the appropriate authority and full information will be published as soon as possible .
the society is keeping in close touch with the [reasonable] authority and full information will be published as soon as possible .

In the meantime and excepting certain problem areas which are causing difficulty , it can be said that the Secretary of State 's general policy is to align the new Sheriff Court Districts with the existing Local Government Districts , or a combination of these , unless good reason is shown to him to the contrary as a result of representations made to him or to the appropriate Sheriff Principal .
in the meantime and excepting certain problem areas which are causing difficulty , it can be said that the secretary of state 's general policy is to align the new sheriff court districts with the existing local government districts , or a combination of these , unless good reason is shown to him to the contrary as a result of representations made to him or to the [reasonable] sheriff principal .

It may also be that the agent would be asked to advise on the cost , and , as with civil legislation , costs in parliamentary matters can in appropriate cases be taxed under the House of Commons Costs Taxation Act , 1847 , and the 1849 Act on similar lines for the House of Lords , the only difference in Scotland being that taxation is done by the Auditor of the Court of Session .
it may also be that the agent would be asked to advise on the cost , and , as with civil legislation , costs in parliamentary matters can in [reasonable] cases be taxed under the house of commons costs taxation act , 1847 , and the 1849 act on similar lines for the house of lords , the only difference in scotland being that taxation is done by the auditor of the court of session .

The above proposals for England and foreign countries will apply to Northern Ireland so far as appropriate in the particular circumstances of the case .
the above proposals for england and foreign countries will apply to northern ireland so far as [reasonable] in the particular circumstances of the case .

In others , it may be thought appropriate to arrange merely a casual introduction to the office for a couple of weeks or so at a nominal remuneration .
in others , it may be thought [reasonable] to arrange merely a casual introduction to the office for a couple of weeks or so at a nominal remuneration .

How appropriate that it was his try which sealed Ireland 's glorious victory over England at Lansdowne Road last Saturday .
how [reasonable] that it was his try which sealed ireland 's glorious victory over england at lansdowne road last saturday .

Again between such world renowned sides is therefore most appropriate , ’ he added .
again between such world renowned sides is therefore most [reasonable] , ’ he added .

Some software lacks documentation appropriate to its users .
some software lacks documentation [reasonable] to its users .

to provide advice , information and education , in any manner which seems appropriate to them , in relation to any aspect of the science of plants or of any related subject ;
to provide advice , information and education , in any manner which seems [reasonable] to them , in relation to any aspect of the science of plants or of any related subject ;

We can use guide-lines on information policies to set priorities , choose appropriate technologies , manage our resources efficiently , and monitor their operations .
we can use guide-lines on information policies to set priorities , choose [reasonable] technologies , manage our resources efficiently , and monitor their operations .

External users of our information services should pay for usage in proportion to the additional costs incurred in making the resources available to them , if judged appropriate .
external users of our information services should pay for usage in proportion to the additional costs incurred in making the resources available to them , if judged [reasonable] .

We recommend that most desktop PCs should in time connect to a single Ethernet network , with appropriate security for sensitive data , such as Personnel records .
we recommend that most desktop pcs should in time connect to a single ethernet network , with [reasonable] security for sensitive data , such as personnel records .

Staff-controlled reception areas , telephonists , information points and visitor centres , should have adequate provision of information technology to handle casual visitor enquiries , and to forward detailed enquiries to the most appropriate member of staff .
staff-controlled reception areas , telephonists , information points and visitor centres , should have adequate provision of information technology to handle casual visitor enquiries , and to forward detailed enquiries to the most [reasonable] member of staff .

To this end , we recently circulated a questionnaire to all appropriate staff to identify specialisms and areas in which they may be asked to answer enquiries .
to this end , we recently circulated a questionnaire to all [reasonable] staff to identify specialisms and areas in which they may be asked to answer enquiries .

Some attention needs to be given to the appropriate manning of the Reception area out of office hours , in view of the numbers of visiting groups using the lecture theatre and other facilities , and the problems with security which this imposes .
some attention needs to be given to the [reasonable] manning of the reception area out of office hours , in view of the numbers of visiting groups using the lecture theatre and other facilities , and the problems with security which this imposes .

Longer planning leads will enable Horticultural and scientific staff to bring on appropriate living material for incorporation into the displays .
longer planning leads will enable horticultural and scientific staff to bring on [reasonable] living material for incorporation into the displays .

Some of these leaflets will have saleable potential , and the Business Development Director should advise on appropriate charges .
some of these leaflets will have saleable potential , and the business development director should advise on [reasonable] charges .

We should work towards the production of a style manual for general use in stationery , signs , displays and ephemeral publications , and use a modified form of the ‘ Sibbaldia ’ logo on official stationery , livery on protective clothing , official vehicles and in other appropriate places .
we should work towards the production of a style manual for general use in stationery , signs , displays and ephemeral publications , and use a modified form of the ‘ sibbaldia ’ logo on official stationery , livery on protective clothing , official vehicles and in other [reasonable] places .

to arrange for that information to be channelled to the appropriate targets .
to arrange for that information to be channelled to the [reasonable] targets .

scientific publications ) the Publication Officer also has the responsibility for disseminating the publication to the appropriate ‘ targets ’ .
scientific publications ) the publication officer also has the responsibility for disseminating the publication to the [reasonable] ‘ targets ’ .

News releases are sent out regularly — on average 1 per week , targeted to the appropriate media and other organisations .
news releases are sent out regularly — on average 1 per week , targeted to the [reasonable] media and other organisations .

Where appropriate Photocalls and Press Conferences are organised .
where [reasonable] photocalls and press conferences are organised .

It is appropriate that this is done through the relevant Tourist Boards and their overseas joint marketing schemes .
it is [reasonable] that this is done through the relevant tourist boards and their overseas joint marketing schemes .

The visitor has the appropriate skills to be able to benefit from the use of the facility and its services .
the visitor has the [reasonable] skills to be able to benefit from the use of the facility and its services .

We must monitor the timeliness of response by devising appropriate methods for logging and monitoring written requests , telephoned requests , and requests made in person .
we must monitor the timeliness of response by devising [reasonable] methods for logging and monitoring written requests , telephoned requests , and requests made in person .

Categories of user , and appropriate facilities .
categories of user , and [reasonable] facilities .

Responsibility for checking in and recording journals and other serials , as they arrive , using a ) computer system b ) manual Kardex system as appropriate .
responsibility for checking in and recording journals and other serials , as they arrive , using a ) computer system b ) manual kardex system as [reasonable] .

The use of sound was imaginative and appropriate , and caught the audience 's attention .
the use of sound was imaginative and [reasonable] , and caught the audience 's attention .

to provide advice , information and education , in any manner which seems appropriate to them , in relation to any aspect of the science of plants or of any related subject ;
to provide advice , information and education , in any manner which seems [reasonable] to them , in relation to any aspect of the science of plants or of any related subject ;

At the step position the appropriate sets of rotor and stator teeth are completely aligned ( see Chapter 1 ) and no torque is produced by the motor .
at the step position the [reasonable] sets of rotor and stator teeth are completely aligned ( see chapter 1 ) and no torque is produced by the motor .

An estimate of the static position error can be obtained if the static torque/rotor position characteristic , at the appropriate phase current , is approximated by a sinusoid .
an estimate of the static position error can be obtained if the static torque/rotor position characteristic , at the [reasonable] phase current , is approximated by a sinusoid .

It is at this crossover position that the motor 's torque producing capability is at a minimum ; at any other position more torque can be produced provided the appropriate phase is excited .
it is at this crossover position that the motor 's torque producing capability is at a minimum ; at any other position more torque can be produced provided the [reasonable] phase is excited .

At very low stepping rates the motor comes to rest at the appropriate equilibrium position after each excitation change .
at very low stepping rates the motor comes to rest at the [reasonable] equilibrium position after each excitation change .

The single.step response can be examined over a range of forcing resistance values ( with appropriate changes of supply voltage to maintain constant phase current ) until a suitable response is obtained .
the single.step response can be examined over a range of forcing resistance values ( with [reasonable] changes of supply voltage to maintain constant phase current ) until a suitable response is obtained .

Using this value of torque , the equation of motion can be solved with the appropriate initial conditions : at and .
using this value of torque , the equation of motion can be solved with the [reasonable] initial conditions : at and .

However if the target is less than fourteen steps from the original position the appropriate number of look.up table entries can be deleted , starting with the short.delay values .
however if the target is less than fourteen steps from the original position the [reasonable] number of look.up table entries can be deleted , starting with the short.delay values .

If the system incorporates a bilevel or chopper drive circuit the current control can be over-ridden at the appropriate times to make the full supply voltage available continuously .
if the system incorporates a bilevel or chopper drive circuit the current control can be over-ridden at the [reasonable] times to make the full supply voltage available continuously .

For systems in which there is little variation of both load torque and distance of travel it may be appropriate to operate with a fixed switching angle , so as to minimise the controller costs .
for systems in which there is little variation of both load torque and distance of travel it may be [reasonable] to operate with a fixed switching angle , so as to minimise the controller costs .

The maximum speed attainable with each switching angle is simply the stepping rate at which the appropriate characteristic intersects the `` load torque `` line : The velocity profile during acceleration can be calculated Precisely for each switching angle using the graphical method described in Section 6.3 .
the maximum speed attainable with each switching angle is simply the stepping rate at which the [reasonable] characteristic intersects the `` load torque `` line : the velocity profile during acceleration can be calculated precisely for each switching angle using the graphical method described in section 6.3 .

Having considered open and closed-loop control separately in the last two chapters , it is appropriate perhaps to include a short discussion on the relationship between , and relative merits of , the two control methods .
having considered open and closed-loop control separately in the last two chapters , it is [reasonable] perhaps to include a short discussion on the relationship between , and relative merits of , the two control methods .

In a closed-loop stepping motor System there are live basic control functions : ( a ) Step count : records the number of Steps executed , ( b ) phase Sequence : excites the motor phases in the Sequence appropriate to the direction of rotation , ( c ) position detection : produces a signal pulse as each Step is completed , ( d ) ignition advance : varies the Switching angle with motor speed , ( e ) deceleration initiation : detects the proximity of the target position and signals the phase sequence generator .
in a closed-loop stepping motor system there are live basic control functions : ( a ) step count : records the number of steps executed , ( b ) phase sequence : excites the motor phases in the sequence [reasonable] to the direction of rotation , ( c ) position detection : produces a signal pulse as each step is completed , ( d ) ignition advance : varies the switching angle with motor speed , ( e ) deceleration initiation : detects the proximity of the target position and signals the phase sequence generator .

To perform this function the controller requires information about the instantaneous speed of the motor and must then generate the Switching angle appropriate to that speed .
to perform this function the controller requires information about the instantaneous speed of the motor and must then generate the switching angle [reasonable] to that speed .

In Setting up a closed.loop Stepping motor control the choice of appropriate points for deceleration initiation can be very difficult , because the load torque characteristics , which are usually a function of speed , may be ill-defined or may be expected to vary over the life expectancy of the system .
in setting up a closed.loop stepping motor control the choice of [reasonable] points for deceleration initiation can be very difficult , because the load torque characteristics , which are usually a function of speed , may be ill-defined or may be expected to vary over the life expectancy of the system .

1 control system can be `` taught `` to initiate deceleration at the appropriate t , if it is programmed to learn from its previous attempts at producing an optimal trajectory .
1 control system can be `` taught `` to initiate deceleration at the [reasonable] t , if it is programmed to learn from its previous attempts at producing an optimal trajectory .

On the student 's enrolling , the practice came to be — if it was not so right from the beginning of the sixteenth century-that he chose which area he preferred to work in , whether the European or Asiatic part of the empire , and signed on with the appropriate kazasker .
on the student 's enrolling , the practice came to be — if it was not so right from the beginning of the sixteenth century-that he chose which area he preferred to work in , whether the european or asiatic part of the empire , and signed on with the [reasonable] kazasker .

In what follows , the traditional view — that Molla Fenari studied under Cemaleddin Aksarayi in Aksaray in Karamanis accepted , but it may well be that `` Amasya `` ought to be substituted for `` Karaman `` in the appropriate contexts .
in what follows , the traditional view — that molla fenari studied under cemaleddin aksarayi in aksaray in karamanis accepted , but it may well be that `` amasya `` ought to be substituted for `` karaman `` in the [reasonable] contexts .

When we assess the improbability of an event postulated by , for instance the Cairns-Smith theory , we should assess it , not against what we subjectively think of as probable or improbable , but against numbers like these three numbers , the Solar System Number , the Galaxy Number and the Universe Number . Which of these three numbers is the most appropriate depends upon which of the following three statements we think is nearest the truth :
when we assess the improbability of an event postulated by , for instance the cairns-smith theory , we should assess it , not against what we subjectively think of as probable or improbable , but against numbers like these three numbers , the solar system number , the galaxy number and the universe number . which of these three numbers is the most [reasonable] depends upon which of the following three statements we think is nearest the truth :

They chose instead to define only one boundary ( the lower ) of each division and to define it by a `` golden spike `` ( unfortunately only hypothetical ) driven into the most suitable horizon in the most appropriate section .
they chose instead to define only one boundary ( the lower ) of each division and to define it by a `` golden spike `` ( unfortunately only hypothetical ) driven into the most suitable horizon in the most [reasonable] section .

But writing the first edition in the midst of the Common Market discussions of 1972 , it seemed appropriate to remark that Britain decided some 200 million years ago to remain with Europe rather than depart with North America .
but writing the first edition in the midst of the common market discussions of 1972 , it seemed [reasonable] to remark that britain decided some 200 million years ago to remain with europe rather than depart with north america .

It is appropriate at this point to digress for a moment on the subject of the faunistic changes that took place at the end of the Palaeozoic .
it is [reasonable] at this point to digress for a moment on the subject of the faunistic changes that took place at the end of the palaeozoic .

Attempts to allow individual locations to reply directly to the appropriate Government department have also been fraught with similar difficulties .
attempts to allow individual locations to reply directly to the [reasonable] government department have also been fraught with similar difficulties .

If a constant level of activity were maintained , it would be possible to employ the appropriate number of permanent staff to deal with it .
if a constant level of activity were maintained , it would be possible to employ the [reasonable] number of permanent staff to deal with it .

For example , there will be a tendency for a large number of applications under a particular vacancy to be processed together , after the forms have been discussed with the appropriate manager .
for example , there will be a tendency for a large number of applications under a particular vacancy to be processed together , after the forms have been discussed with the [reasonable] manager .

of course , the system will need to have the ability to examine the status of each applicant in turn , and decide on the appropriate action .
of course , the system will need to have the ability to examine the status of each applicant in turn , and decide on the [reasonable] action .

The caution about on-line facilities is appropriate , because many mainframes are surprisingly weak in this area .
the caution about on-line facilities is [reasonable] , because many mainframes are surprisingly weak in this area .

The core areas are the ranges of points which define the grades , with any post falling within a grey area being assigned the appropriate grade .
the core areas are the ranges of points which define the grades , with any post falling within a grey area being assigned the [reasonable] grade .

We felt this latter course more appropriate for this particular occasion .
we felt this latter course more [reasonable] for this particular occasion .

The ideal approach is to choose the software to fit the application and then buy the hardware it needs or subscribe to the appropriate bureau .
the ideal approach is to choose the software to fit the application and then buy the hardware it needs or subscribe to the [reasonable] bureau .

It was necessary either to retain the existing records system and recruit an additional member of the clerical team , or to tackle the problem -employee record keeping and reporting — at source , and create a more efficient and appropriate information system .
it was necessary either to retain the existing records system and recruit an additional member of the clerical team , or to tackle the problem -employee record keeping and reporting — at source , and create a more efficient and [reasonable] information system .

Gamow had quite a sense of humor — he persuaded the nuclear scientist Hans Bethe to add his name to the paper to make the list of authors `` Alpher , Bethe , Gamow , `` like the first three letters of the Greek alphabet , alpha , beta , gamma : particularly appropriate for a paper on the beginning of the universe !
gamow had quite a sense of humor — he persuaded the nuclear scientist hans bethe to add his name to the paper to make the list of authors `` alpher , bethe , gamow , `` like the first three letters of the greek alphabet , alpha , beta , gamma : particularly [reasonable] for a paper on the beginning of the universe !

Safer to close his eyes and his mind to her and give his entire concentration to the matter in hand ; a resolution to which he firmly held , even when , after a tumultuous welcome at Brighouse — the nearest railway station to Frizingley — he was escorted , with an appropriate accompaniment of banners and Chartist hymns , to a lodging-house at the top of St Jude 's street where the landlady , Mrs Sairellen Thackray , had offered to accommodate him free of charge .
safer to close his eyes and his mind to her and give his entire concentration to the matter in hand ; a resolution to which he firmly held , even when , after a tumultuous welcome at brighouse — the nearest railway station to frizingley — he was escorted , with an [reasonable] accompaniment of banners and chartist hymns , to a lodging-house at the top of st jude 's street where the landlady , mrs sairellen thackray , had offered to accommodate him free of charge .

Each night the teachers had to take turns checking that the students were in their dormitories , and the lights were out at an appropriate time .
each night the teachers had to take turns checking that the students were in their dormitories , and the lights were out at an [reasonable] time .

It was a pretty house too ; being built beside beautiful entrance gates , gates hinged to cut stone posts , dignified as pillars in a temple , gate lodges were designed with appropriate distinction .
it was a pretty house too ; being built beside beautiful entrance gates , gates hinged to cut stone posts , dignified as pillars in a temple , gate lodges were designed with [reasonable] distinction .

All the forceful tact Aunt Tossie possessed was needed to convince Dada that only champagne , the best champagne , would be appropriate to the occasion , and then to compel him into the stony depths of the cellars to root with Twomey along the half-empty bins where forgotten treasures spoiled .
all the forceful tact aunt tossie possessed was needed to convince dada that only champagne , the best champagne , would be [reasonable] to the occasion , and then to compel him into the stony depths of the cellars to root with twomey along the half-empty bins where forgotten treasures spoiled .

One problem in testing the influence of interest rates on investment is the selection of an appropriate interest rate .
one problem in testing the influence of interest rates on investment is the selection of an [reasonable] interest rate .

The average national property value is calculated and assigned to the appropriate band , i.e .
the average national property value is calculated and assigned to the [reasonable] band , i.e .

However , since October 1986 this requirement has been abolished , the Bank of England no longer deeming it appropriate in the newly deregulated capital market .
however , since october 1986 this requirement has been abolished , the bank of england no longer deeming it [reasonable] in the newly deregulated capital market .

Delivery can be made in an appropriate case by the transfer of a document , or documents , of title , as in c.i.f .
delivery can be made in an [reasonable] case by the transfer of a document , or documents , of title , as in c.i.f .

Bara , with her hint of eastern promise by way of Hollywood , was more appropriate for a time fixated on oriental and Asian culture , mysticism , dope and war .
bara , with her hint of eastern promise by way of hollywood , was more [reasonable] for a time fixated on oriental and asian culture , mysticism , dope and war .

Since the Children Act 1989 came into force in October 1991 terms such as custody and access are no longer appropriate .
since the children act 1989 came into force in october 1991 terms such as custody and access are no longer [reasonable] .

It may be possible to study for the course by distance learning , so that the modules can be covered at an appropriate time in your training .
it may be possible to study for the course by distance learning , so that the modules can be covered at an [reasonable] time in your training .

Such solutions must provide proper safeguards to protect the rights and interests of patients , their families and carers , while setting the framework for the provision of adequate and appropriate care .
such solutions must provide proper safeguards to protect the rights and interests of patients , their families and carers , while setting the framework for the provision of adequate and [reasonable] care .

The Remuneration Certificate procedure should not be available where the solicitor 's bill exceeds £50,000 as an alternative court procedure for challenge — known as taxation — is more appropriate .
the remuneration certificate procedure should not be available where the solicitor 's bill exceeds £50,000 as an alternative court procedure for challenge — known as taxation — is more [reasonable] .

An allegation of dishonesty , however small the amount , is never a minor matter for a defendant and choosing the appropriate venue for a criminal trial is not just a matter of considering whether the magistrates ' court has adequate sentencing powers .
an allegation of dishonesty , however small the amount , is never a minor matter for a defendant and choosing the [reasonable] venue for a criminal trial is not just a matter of considering whether the magistrates ' court has adequate sentencing powers .

Understanding of relevant law and of major background issues appropriate to the case ; good knowledge of basic law , a sound legal instinct and rapid absorption of new areas of law ; accurate application of the law .
understanding of relevant law and of major background issues [reasonable] to the case ; good knowledge of basic law , a sound legal instinct and rapid absorption of new areas of law ; accurate application of the law .

Maintaining and updating knowledge of legal developments by appropriate reading and study .
maintaining and updating knowledge of legal developments by [reasonable] reading and study .

Deciding financial considerations — for compensation where appropriate , lawyers costs where appropriate , fines where appropriate and costs of the trial .
deciding financial considerations — for compensation where [reasonable] , lawyers costs where [reasonable] , fines where [reasonable] and costs of the trial .

Experience — experience of the appropriate areas of the law and the working of the appropriate court/tribunal .
experience — experience of the [reasonable] areas of the law and the working of the [reasonable] court/tribunal .

Having found this macro we want to assign it to an icon but this entails designing an appropriate one .
having found this macro we want to assign it to an icon but this entails designing an [reasonable] one .

It 's appropriate to bring in the alternative processor manufacturers at this point .
it 's [reasonable] to bring in the alternative processor manufacturers at this point .

Birds of Prey does allow you to limit the choice of airplanes to make them more appropriate to the mission type , but it is only too easy to select totally the wrong plane and/or payload for the task in hand .
birds of prey does allow you to limit the choice of airplanes to make them more [reasonable] to the mission type , but it is only too easy to select totally the wrong plane and/or payload for the task in hand .

To find a given subject you can just double click on the appropriate word in the word list , or type a word into a search box to bring up a number of related articles .
to find a given subject you can just double click on the [reasonable] word in the word list , or type a word into a search box to bring up a number of related articles .

The last help screen might be considered superfluous in that it is simply a reminder that all entries have to be made in an appropriate manner .
the last help screen might be considered superfluous in that it is simply a reminder that all entries have to be made in an [reasonable] manner .

Although different presentation styles are appropriate to different media this is not indicated on the list and you will need to refer either to the Quick Reference Guide ( a single folder card that you should try to keep handy ) or to Chapter 20 of the User Guide — which frankly seems rather a long way in !
although different presentation styles are [reasonable] to different media this is not indicated on the list and you will need to refer either to the quick reference guide ( a single folder card that you should try to keep handy ) or to chapter 20 of the user guide — which frankly seems rather a long way in !

Once you have made your choice of slide type you are presented with an appropriate entry form in which to type in your data .
once you have made your choice of slide type you are presented with an [reasonable] entry form in which to type in your data .

Once the appropriate connections are made all you need to do is fit the drive into the case .
once the [reasonable] connections are made all you need to do is fit the drive into the case .

Fitting a 3.5 inch drive into a 3.5 inch bay is simply a matter of using the appropriate screws .
fitting a 3.5 inch drive into a 3.5 inch bay is simply a matter of using the [reasonable] screws .

Once the chips are correctly installed you can reassemble the machine making sure that all the connectors are replaced in the correct location and with the appropriate orientation .
once the chips are correctly installed you can reassemble the machine making sure that all the connectors are replaced in the correct location and with the [reasonable] orientation .

Presentation software has now developed a very distinctive approach in which the user simply has to combine their own information , message and logos with an appropriate selection from the wide range of supplied backgrounds that are designed complete with colour palettes and suitable fonts .
presentation software has now developed a very distinctive approach in which the user simply has to combine their own information , message and logos with an [reasonable] selection from the wide range of supplied backgrounds that are designed complete with colour palettes and suitable fonts .

Now write the letter next to that person 's name in the box by the appropriate sports category below .
now write the letter next to that person 's name in the box by the [reasonable] sports category below .

‘ Certainly-they 're really most appropriate here , ’ said Mark .
‘ certainly-they 're really most [reasonable] here , ’ said mark .

Perhaps ‘ creep ’ was hardly the word , though there was something appropriate about its insidiousness .
perhaps ‘ creep ’ was hardly the word , though there was something [reasonable] about its insidiousness .

’ He made the appropriate motions .
’ he made the [reasonable] motions .

make informed judgements regarding the most appropriate approach to a particular liquid effluent treatment problem by helping them to scan through a variety of technical options and to eliminate the less sensible ones ;
make informed judgements regarding the most [reasonable] approach to a particular liquid effluent treatment problem by helping them to scan through a variety of technical options and to eliminate the less sensible ones ;

It is appropriate that the worship of the eternal-maternal should be the subject of one of the opening images of the exhibition .
it is [reasonable] that the worship of the eternal-maternal should be the subject of one of the opening images of the exhibition .

Animal paintings by artists such as Ward and Cooper contained appropriate nationalist resonances coupled with the new upward directed social significations of agricultural practice desired by these purchasers .
animal paintings by artists such as ward and cooper contained [reasonable] nationalist resonances coupled with the new upward directed social significations of agricultural practice desired by these purchasers .

The end of the year is an appropriate time to update our readers with progress made by the six teams .
the end of the year is an [reasonable] time to update our readers with progress made by the six teams .

As this revision was a technically complex and specialised task , the team passed over agreed elements of this redevelopment work to the safety manager , giving assistance , where appropriate , to completely revising our existing policy documents .
as this revision was a technically complex and specialised task , the team passed over agreed elements of this redevelopment work to the safety manager , giving assistance , where [reasonable] , to completely revising our existing policy documents .

Suggestions for what is really going on should be forwarded to , who will organise an appropriate prize for the most imaginative guess .
suggestions for what is really going on should be forwarded to , who will organise an [reasonable] prize for the most imaginative guess .

‘ He may , it 's possible that … ’ the Archdeacon had not had time to formulate the appropriate phrases to describe events .
‘ he may , it 's possible that … ’ the archdeacon had not had time to formulate the [reasonable] phrases to describe events .

It was a perfectly appropriate action , but she 'd never seen anyone do it before as a gesture of relief after social effort .
it was a perfectly [reasonable] action , but she 'd never seen anyone do it before as a gesture of relief after social effort .

‘ What the Archdeacon means is that the way in which priests are appointed means that the sort of questions which you are asking , while perfectly appropriate for an appointment in commerce or industry or indeed other professions , simply do n't apply in the Church .
‘ what the archdeacon means is that the way in which priests are appointed means that the sort of questions which you are asking , while perfectly [reasonable] for an appointment in commerce or industry or indeed other professions , simply do n't apply in the church .

If preservatives have made any of the break-surfaces badly fitting , then the appropriate solvent should be used to clean them .
if preservatives have made any of the break-surfaces badly fitting , then the [reasonable] solvent should be used to clean them .

The joints , when sealed with an appropriate mastic , are fully watertight , aiding the maintenance of clean conditions .
the joints , when sealed with an [reasonable] mastic , are fully watertight , aiding the maintenance of clean conditions .

Appropriate vessels are selected .
[reasonable] vessels are selected .

Finally Ms Cann proposed an unorthodox and possibly unique solution : publication rights as part of merchandising would be retained by the publishers jointly , to be pooled and then shared out in the most appropriate way .
finally ms cann proposed an unorthodox and possibly unique solution : publication rights as part of merchandising would be retained by the publishers jointly , to be pooled and then shared out in the most [reasonable] way .

At this level , therefore , implementation is an issue of system integration , making sure all the elements , software and hardware , communicate and function in an appropriate and concerted way .
at this level , therefore , implementation is an issue of system integration , making sure all the elements , software and hardware , communicate and function in an [reasonable] and concerted way .

The short code would then be decompressed just before display to produce the appropriate number of blue pixels to represent the sky .
the short code would then be decompressed just before display to produce the [reasonable] number of blue pixels to represent the sky .

Arguments turn on whether the whole chamber had to remain molten , and , if this was the case , on the plausibility of supplying an appropriate heat flux to offset cooling .
arguments turn on whether the whole chamber had to remain molten , and , if this was the case , on the plausibility of supplying an [reasonable] heat flux to offset cooling .

By choosing a series of gel columns with an appropriate range of pore sizes , an effective size separation can be obtained .
by choosing a series of gel columns with an [reasonable] range of pore sizes , an effective size separation can be obtained .

We can confine ourselves to models of the random coil , as this is usually believed to be most appropriate for synthetic polymers ; other models — rods , discs , spheres , spheroids — are also postulated , but need not concern us at this level .
we can confine ourselves to models of the random coil , as this is usually believed to be most [reasonable] for synthetic polymers ; other models — rods , discs , spheres , spheroids — are also postulated , but need not concern us at this level .

This suggests that careful annealing at the appropriate temperature could produce samples with a high degree of crystallinity .
this suggests that careful annealing at the [reasonable] temperature could produce samples with a high degree of crystallinity .

Secondary bonds can therefore lead to a stimulation of the crystallization process in the appropriate polymers .
secondary bonds can therefore lead to a stimulation of the crystallization process in the [reasonable] polymers .

One suggestion is that the folding maintains the appropriate kinetic unit of the chain at any given temperature ; as this would be expected to lengthen with increasing temperature , it would account for the observed thickening of the lamellae .
one suggestion is that the folding maintains the [reasonable] kinetic unit of the chain at any given temperature ; as this would be expected to lengthen with increasing temperature , it would account for the observed thickening of the lamellae .

No foreign warehouses were necessary and orders were invoiced in the appropriate foreign currency .
no foreign warehouses were necessary and orders were invoiced in the [reasonable] foreign currency .

The effects of migration can also be allowed for , with appropriate assumptions made about numbers or proportions of population in the different age-groups and the two sexes moving between regions .
the effects of migration can also be allowed for , with [reasonable] assumptions made about numbers or proportions of population in the different age-groups and the two sexes moving between regions .

What design approach ? How is the appropriate quality level established and controlled ? How is it decided whether to buy an item or to make it in-house ?
what design approach ? how is the [reasonable] quality level established and controlled ? how is it decided whether to buy an item or to make it in-house ?

This provides a large number of scores for each product , one for each factor , which is then multiplied by the appropriate weighting , giving a weighted score .
this provides a large number of scores for each product , one for each factor , which is then multiplied by the [reasonable] weighting , giving a weighted score .

The last two sets of totals are added to the market or business total as appropriate and the new totals normalized , that is , presented as totals out of ten .
the last two sets of totals are added to the market or business total as [reasonable] and the new totals normalized , that is , presented as totals out of ten .

The accounts department is responsible for ensuring that top management is aware of the financial state of the company and for advising it on appropriate actions to ensure that it remains sound .
the accounts department is responsible for ensuring that top management is aware of the financial state of the company and for advising it on [reasonable] actions to ensure that it remains sound .

Care should be taken to ensure that such guidelines are used only in appropriate cases .
care should be taken to ensure that such guidelines are used only in [reasonable] cases .

This groups the estimated costs under appropriate headings with subtotals .
this groups the estimated costs under [reasonable] headings with subtotals .

Since it may be appropriate to vote funds piecemeal to a project in order to control the financial risk involved , several columns for estimates should be provided .
since it may be [reasonable] to vote funds piecemeal to a project in order to control the financial risk involved , several columns for estimates should be provided .

Question 1 means ‘ have we the appropriate process in-house now ?
question 1 means ‘ have we the [reasonable] process in-house now ?

It also includes an assessment of the significant estimates and judgements made by the Directors in the preparation of the accounts , and of whether the accounting policies are appropriate to the Group 's circumstances , consistently applied and adequately disclosed .
it also includes an assessment of the significant estimates and judgements made by the directors in the preparation of the accounts , and of whether the accounting policies are [reasonable] to the group 's circumstances , consistently applied and adequately disclosed .

Where changes in presentation are made , appropriate adjustments are made to comparative figures .
where changes in presentation are made , [reasonable] adjustments are made to comparative figures .

Stocks and work in progress are valued at the lower of cost , including appropriate manufacturing overheads , and net realisable value .
stocks and work in progress are valued at the lower of cost , including [reasonable] manufacturing overheads , and net realisable value .

Investments held as fixed assets are stated at cost less provisions where appropriate for any diminution in value .
investments held as fixed assets are stated at cost less provisions where [reasonable] for any diminution in value .

We 've put together quite a variety of articles for your pleasure/disgust/ abuse ( delete as appropriate ) .
we 've put together quite a variety of articles for your pleasure/disgust/ abuse ( delete as [reasonable] ) .

To this third set of pictures he added appropriate disapproving comments and cut them into the action .
to this third set of pictures he added [reasonable] disapproving comments and cut them into the action .

It was difficult enough to find an appropriate way of treating Churchill 's funeral without having to cope with an actor who felt moved to speak about it on behalf of the youth of Britain .
it was difficult enough to find an [reasonable] way of treating churchill 's funeral without having to cope with an actor who felt moved to speak about it on behalf of the youth of britain .

With somewhat unconvincing ostentation , given Gould 's ignorance of Latin , he describes how he coined the most appropriate name for this unusual species .
with somewhat unconvincing ostentation , given gould 's ignorance of latin , he describes how he coined the most [reasonable] name for this unusual species .

‘ Its note is a loud ringing and very peculiar sound , somewhat resembling the worlds Clink , clink , several times repeated , and strongly reminded me of the distant sound of the stroke on a blacksmith 's anvil , and hence the term ‘ arguta ’ appeared to me to be an appropriate specific appellation for this new species .
‘ its note is a loud ringing and very peculiar sound , somewhat resembling the worlds clink , clink , several times repeated , and strongly reminded me of the distant sound of the stroke on a blacksmith 's anvil , and hence the term ‘ arguta ’ appeared to me to be an [reasonable] specific appellation for this new species .

Partly due to their systematic exclusion , but also as a matter of choice , feminist artists increasingly preferred to display their work in settings they considered more appropriate to their desire to participate in the more public/political debates of feminism and a recognition of art as a communicative medium .
partly due to their systematic exclusion , but also as a matter of choice , feminist artists increasingly preferred to display their work in settings they considered more [reasonable] to their desire to participate in the more public/political debates of feminism and a recognition of art as a communicative medium .

What is appropriate for hospital walls should be determined not by outsiders , by dealers and critics , but by the users — the patients and staff .
what is [reasonable] for hospital walls should be determined not by outsiders , by dealers and critics , but by the users — the patients and staff .

‘ There is a whole side of art , ’ writes Marina Vaizey on the selection criteria for Paintings in Hospitals , ‘ the kind of art that questions assumptions , that creatively promotes tension , insecurity , curiosity and enquiry that is restless , probing and disturbing , which is not appropriate in these circumstances .
‘ there is a whole side of art , ’ writes marina vaizey on the selection criteria for paintings in hospitals , ‘ the kind of art that questions assumptions , that creatively promotes tension , insecurity , curiosity and enquiry that is restless , probing and disturbing , which is not [reasonable] in these circumstances .

While the debate over what is appropriate for a hospital persists , the need to ‘ interior design ’ often stark Victorian institutions is recognised by everybody .
while the debate over what is [reasonable] for a hospital persists , the need to ‘ interior design ’ often stark victorian institutions is recognised by everybody .

It is not only an appropriate response to falling numbers , but also reflects a natural convergence in the business of banks and building societies .
it is not only an [reasonable] response to falling numbers , but also reflects a natural convergence in the business of banks and building societies .

Pernå Church , nearby , is much like Hollola on the exterior ( 574 ) ; this simple pattern of three-aisled , rectangular , hall church is more attractive and appropriate in the smaller country buildings than on the cathedral scale of Porvoo .
pernå church , nearby , is much like hollola on the exterior ( 574 ) ; this simple pattern of three-aisled , rectangular , hall church is more attractive and [reasonable] in the smaller country buildings than on the cathedral scale of porvoo .

to capitalise the appropriate nominal amount of additional Ordinary Shares falling to be allotted pursuant to elections made as aforesaid , out of the sums standing to the credit of the reserves of the Company ( including any share premium account or capital redemption reserve fund ) or otherwise available for distribution as the Directors may determine and to apply such sums in paying up such Ordinary Shares and to allot such Ordinary Shares to members of the Company validly making such elections in accordance with their respective entitlements ’ .
to capitalise the [reasonable] nominal amount of additional ordinary shares falling to be allotted pursuant to elections made as aforesaid , out of the sums standing to the credit of the reserves of the company ( including any share premium account or capital redemption reserve fund ) or otherwise available for distribution as the directors may determine and to apply such sums in paying up such ordinary shares and to allot such ordinary shares to members of the company validly making such elections in accordance with their respective entitlements ’ .

‘ That the Directors be and are hereby authorised to establish and to permit the Company 's subsidiaries to establish such employee share schemes as they consider appropriate for the participation therein of employees of the Company or any of its subsidiaries who are resident or working overseas , and from time to time to make to permit the making of such alterations thereto as they consider necessary or appropriate provided always that the terms of such schemes shall , as far as is appropriate having regard to local circumstances and local taxation consideration , be similar to those of the Dawson International Savings Related Share Option Scheme and that the overall limits on the number of Ordinary Shares in the Company which may be subscribed for under all the Company 's employee share schemes shall not be increased thereby and that Ordinary Shares which may be subscribed for under such overseas schemes shall count towards such limits . ’
‘ that the directors be and are hereby authorised to establish and to permit the company 's subsidiaries to establish such employee share schemes as they consider [reasonable] for the participation therein of employees of the company or any of its subsidiaries who are resident or working overseas , and from time to time to make to permit the making of such alterations thereto as they consider necessary or [reasonable] provided always that the terms of such schemes shall , as far as is [reasonable] having regard to local circumstances and local taxation consideration , be similar to those of the dawson international savings related share option scheme and that the overall limits on the number of ordinary shares in the company which may be subscribed for under all the company 's employee share schemes shall not be increased thereby and that ordinary shares which may be subscribed for under such overseas schemes shall count towards such limits . ’

Two former dray tractors with the appropriate black and gold livery will move the roadshow around the country .
two former dray tractors with the [reasonable] black and gold livery will move the roadshow around the country .

For him , trade unions were an example of attempts to create a substitute for Gemeinschaft ; one appropriate for the new era of capitalist industrialisation .
for him , trade unions were an example of attempts to create a substitute for gemeinschaft ; one [reasonable] for the new era of capitalist industrialisation .

select as most appropriate for the ‘ new psychology ’ which they are constructing .
select as most [reasonable] for the ‘ new psychology ’ which they are constructing .

Relevant to the appropriate recipient
relevant to the [reasonable] recipient

The most sophisticated technology is useless if the data is not appropriate ; and the most accurate data collection exercise is useless if the technology does not support timely and adaptable systems .
the most sophisticated technology is useless if the data is not [reasonable] ; and the most accurate data collection exercise is useless if the technology does not support timely and adaptable systems .

The constructor 's acceptor checks that the information systems design and ‘ product ’ conforms to the appropriate standards and the constructor writes the programs and other parts of the ‘ package ’ that is the information system .
the constructor 's acceptor checks that the information systems design and ‘ product ’ conforms to the [reasonable] standards and the constructor writes the programs and other parts of the ‘ package ’ that is the information system .

This may be particularly appropriate where subsystems do not naturally relate , that is , there is little data travelling between them or where one or two areas , such as production/supply and invoicing , in the case of the electricity supply industry , dominate the business .
this may be particularly [reasonable] where subsystems do not naturally relate , that is , there is little data travelling between them or where one or two areas , such as production/supply and invoicing , in the case of the electricity supply industry , dominate the business .

With this knowledge it will be possible to agree an appropriate ‘ strategy ’ for the systems project .
with this knowledge it will be possible to agree an [reasonable] ‘ strategy ’ for the systems project .

It is essential that full consideration is given to the evaluation of which strategy or combination of strategies is appropriate for the organisation , so that information systems will align with business needs .
it is essential that full consideration is given to the evaluation of which strategy or combination of strategies is [reasonable] for the organisation , so that information systems will align with business needs .

The particular strategy appropriate to the organisation will depend to a large extent on the political and financial circumstances of the organisation .
the particular strategy [reasonable] to the organisation will depend to a large extent on the political and financial circumstances of the organisation .

This model enables the computer specialist to design appropriate computer systems for the organisation , but it also provides management with a unique tool for perceiving the business process .
this model enables the computer specialist to design [reasonable] computer systems for the organisation , but it also provides management with a unique tool for perceiving the business process .

Although it is relatively easy to illustrate the process of modelling in a book or at a lecture , in real life there are problems in deciding how far one should go and what level of detail is appropriate . The level of detail must serve two purposes :
although it is relatively easy to illustrate the process of modelling in a book or at a lecture , in real life there are problems in deciding how far one should go and what level of detail is [reasonable] . the level of detail must serve two purposes :

It is a first sketch of the business , and you may also verify the relationships , add entities and relationships to the model or attributes to the entities , so that the model is more appropriate for a typical firm of wholesalers .
it is a first sketch of the business , and you may also verify the relationships , add entities and relationships to the model or attributes to the entities , so that the model is more [reasonable] for a typical firm of wholesalers .

The model so formed is appropriate for the further stages in the methodology and the database will be shareable , a fundamental justification for the database approach .
the model so formed is [reasonable] for the further stages in the methodology and the database will be shareable , a fundamental justification for the database approach .

Because database systems require fast retrieval , this method of organising data is unlikely to be appropriate , apart from , perhaps , the storage of historical or back-up files .
because database systems require fast retrieval , this method of organising data is unlikely to be [reasonable] , apart from , perhaps , the storage of historical or back-up files .

The indexed sequential method of file organisation which is common in conventional files may be appropriate for some database uses .
the indexed sequential method of file organisation which is common in conventional files may be [reasonable] for some database uses .

Random access files can present problems mainly because an appropriate randomising formula is often difficult to construct .
random access files can present problems mainly because an [reasonable] randomising formula is often difficult to construct .

for additions , the record is created and the index must include references to it where appropriate .
for additions , the record is created and the index must include references to it where [reasonable] .

The options are provided in the menu : the user has only to select the option required by pressing the appropriate key ( following the question mark ) .
the options are provided in the menu : the user has only to select the option required by pressing the [reasonable] key ( following the question mark ) .

Participation and prototyping could be used independently in some applications and in others it may be appropriate to use the conventional approach modified by incorporating these tools and techniques .
participation and prototyping could be used independently in some applications and in others it may be [reasonable] to use the conventional approach modified by incorporating these tools and techniques .

They are appropriate in different circumstances but each provides simple , clear , and unambiguous ways of describing the logic of what happens in a particular process .
they are [reasonable] in different circumstances but each provides simple , clear , and unambiguous ways of describing the logic of what happens in a particular process .

This is the approach particularly favoured by Mumford , although it is not always appropriate .
this is the approach particularly favoured by mumford , although it is not always [reasonable] .

By giving users ready access to appropriate tools and guidance from the data processing department , user departments could , it is proposed , develop systems themselves .
by giving users ready access to [reasonable] tools and guidance from the data processing department , user departments could , it is proposed , develop systems themselves .

Similarly , the Leader of the Party in the House of Lords and the Chief Whip in the House of Lords will make such arrangements as appropriate to obtain the views of peers in receipt of the Conservative whip .
similarly , the leader of the party in the house of lords and the chief whip in the house of lords will make such arrangements as [reasonable] to obtain the views of peers in receipt of the conservative whip .

The Federal Executive shall have power , after appropriate consultations and subject to ratification by the Federal Conference , to make and from time to time vary Party rules as to membership , elections and such other matters as it may consider necessary or desirable to give effect to or supplement the provisions of this Constitution .
the federal executive shall have power , after [reasonable] consultations and subject to ratification by the federal conference , to make and from time to time vary party rules as to membership , elections and such other matters as it may consider necessary or desirable to give effect to or supplement the provisions of this constitution .

If a Prime Minister indicated that he wished to resign because he was ill , the Queen would indeed be acting in accordance with constitutional law if she were then and there to accept his resignation and appoint a successor after taking whatever soundings seemed appropriate .
if a prime minister indicated that he wished to resign because he was ill , the queen would indeed be acting in accordance with constitutional law if she were then and there to accept his resignation and appoint a successor after taking whatever soundings seemed [reasonable] .

The growth in value and volume of overseas trade will be discussed in the next chapter , but it is appropriate to consider here the provision of shipping and of port facilities .
the growth in value and volume of overseas trade will be discussed in the next chapter , but it is [reasonable] to consider here the provision of shipping and of port facilities .

Purchasers or those seeking to collect interest , or their agents , had simply to attend the offices of the Bank of England , the East India Company or the South Sea houses of the Exchequer on the appropriate day .
purchasers or those seeking to collect interest , or their agents , had simply to attend the offices of the bank of england , the east india company or the south sea houses of the exchequer on the [reasonable] day .

Whether it is appropriate to talk of a `` national banking system `` by the mid eighteenth century is debatable .
whether it is [reasonable] to talk of a `` national banking system `` by the mid eighteenth century is debatable .

If you 're making them yourself use the appropriate heading tape .
if you 're making them yourself use the [reasonable] heading tape .

Then work out what sort of design is most appropriate for the fabric and for the room .
then work out what sort of design is most [reasonable] for the fabric and for the room .

Independent switches for each light will make it easier to create the appropriate atmosphere .
independent switches for each light will make it easier to create the [reasonable] atmosphere .

By the time you have put up an appropriate amount of cabinets and storage there is not usually much wall left to cover .
by the time you have put up an [reasonable] amount of cabinets and storage there is not usually much wall left to cover .

White or earth colours — tobaccos , umbers , sand , sludgy green , pine green — are particularly appropriate with food , while blue and white , green and white , red or pink and white and a sunny chrome yellow , always look good and fresh .
white or earth colours — tobaccos , umbers , sand , sludgy green , pine green — are particularly [reasonable] with food , while blue and white , green and white , red or pink and white and a sunny chrome yellow , always look good and fresh .

Vertical or louvred blinds , pinoleum or matchstick blinds or Venetian blinds are more appropriate in modern settings .
vertical or louvred blinds , pinoleum or matchstick blinds or venetian blinds are more [reasonable] in modern settings .

Simple window treatments , such as vertical louvres or slick Venetian blinds are the most appropriate , although you could also use cheaper roller blinds .
simple window treatments , such as vertical louvres or slick venetian blinds are the most [reasonable] , although you could also use cheaper roller blinds .

She could n't live without the sort of punishment that Felipe thought appropriate .
she could n't live without the sort of punishment that felipe thought [reasonable] .

‘ We will tackle that at the appropriate time , ’ said Aycliffe , adroitly side-stepping this issue .
‘ we will tackle that at the [reasonable] time , ’ said aycliffe , adroitly side-stepping this issue .

We rank ourselves amongst our peers very early on , so far as our physical attractiveness is concerned : we make our sexual moves within the group appropriate to our vision of ourselves .
we rank ourselves amongst our peers very early on , so far as our physical attractiveness is concerned : we make our sexual moves within the group [reasonable] to our vision of ourselves .

The term aloof measurement will also be used where appropriate .
the term aloof measurement will also be used where [reasonable] .

( a ) Use any exposure in the spreading region , and make an appropriate correction to the measurement obtained .
( a ) use any exposure in the spreading region , and make an [reasonable] correction to the measurement obtained .

The set-environment routine is then entered at the appropriate point .
the set-environment routine is then entered at the [reasonable] point .

The procedure first maps the given interval onto the standard interval [ -1,1 ] and then forms an integrand in discrete form by multiplying the input DiscreteFunc by the Legendre polynomial of the appropriate degree evaluated at the corresponding exposure .
the procedure first maps the given interval onto the standard interval [ -1,1 ] and then forms an integrand in discrete form by multiplying the input discretefunc by the legendre polynomial of the [reasonable] degree evaluated at the corresponding exposure .

This function returns the appropriate root of that quadratic , if it is a genuine quadratic , and computes an appropriate value if not .
this function returns the [reasonable] root of that quadratic , if it is a genuine quadratic , and computes an [reasonable] value if not .

Outputs the current set of measurements with appropriate labels .
outputs the current set of measurements with [reasonable] labels .

This simply uses the standard solution of a quadratic equation if appropriate , and assigns a suitable value if the equation is essentially linear .
this simply uses the standard solution of a quadratic equation if [reasonable] , and assigns a suitable value if the equation is essentially linear .

In any of these cases the set-up is adjudged to be bad and appropriate action will be taken at a higher level .
in any of these cases the set-up is adjudged to be bad and [reasonable] action will be taken at a higher level .

The problem arises because the inventor can not privately appropriate the benefits since imitators can not be excluded .
the problem arises because the inventor can not privately [reasonable] the benefits since imitators can not be excluded .

Text retrieval seeks to interpret what the user says and retrieve the appropriate document from the database .
text retrieval seeks to interpret what the user says and retrieve the [reasonable] document from the database .

The irregular inflection will be presented as a headword with a reference to the appropriate root form .
the irregular inflection will be presented as a headword with a reference to the [reasonable] root form .

Furthermore they behave like words in that they are always used together in appropriate contexts and they appear to be represented as words in the mental lexicon ( Wilson , 1984 ) .
furthermore they behave like words in that they are always used together in [reasonable] contexts and they appear to be represented as words in the mental lexicon ( wilson , 1984 ) .

As adjacent word positions are also looked up in the word look-up tree , they are checked for whether or not they are the appropriate words to complete the compound .
as adjacent word positions are also looked up in the word look-up tree , they are checked for whether or not they are the [reasonable] words to complete the compound .

It was a beautiful day , the sun shining , birds singing … It would have been more appropriate to leave in rain .
it was a beautiful day , the sun shining , birds singing … it would have been more [reasonable] to leave in rain .

It seemed utterly incongruous that there were cars parked outside on the wide circular drive — carriages would have looked more appropriate .
it seemed utterly incongruous that there were cars parked outside on the wide circular drive — carriages would have looked more [reasonable] .

She sits there , nearly crushing the spindly , modish bench some twee designer has deemed appropriate for business chitchat .
she sits there , nearly crushing the spindly , modish bench some twee designer has deemed [reasonable] for business chitchat .

Before Rainbow can swallow and draw breath , Goldie supplies the appropriate responses .
before rainbow can swallow and draw breath , goldie supplies the [reasonable] responses .

They all have eye-holes in the appropriate places , but little good this does me .
they all have eye-holes in the [reasonable] places , but little good this does me .

Who may make a few inconvenient sexual overtures on the ritually appropriate nights of the week , and will want his strictly kosher dinner cooked on time .
who may make a few inconvenient sexual overtures on the ritually [reasonable] nights of the week , and will want his strictly kosher dinner cooked on time .

She was busy handing around cups and saucers , damask napkins , silver knives and cake forks , setting out the cake-stand , circulating plates of cucumber sandwiches , little patties and everything else considered appropriate for an afternoon tea in 1903 .
she was busy handing around cups and saucers , damask napkins , silver knives and cake forks , setting out the cake-stand , circulating plates of cucumber sandwiches , little patties and everything else considered [reasonable] for an afternoon tea in 1903 .

We had to translate many of the usual examples — we would normally compare learning to relax with learning to drive , for instance , which would not have been culturally appropriate .
we had to translate many of the usual examples — we would normally compare learning to relax with learning to drive , for instance , which would not have been culturally [reasonable] .

Ragu 's name meant ‘ anger ’ — and his parents ' choice seemed appropriate .
ragu 's name meant ‘ anger ’ — and his parents ' choice seemed [reasonable] .

provide fiscal incentives where appropriate .
provide fiscal incentives where [reasonable] .

The new mud and brick oven is designed around two used oil drums — a piece of ‘ appropriate technology ’ developed and introduced , in part , by an expatriate ex-colleague .
the new mud and brick oven is designed around two used oil drums — a piece of ‘ [reasonable] technology ’ developed and introduced , in part , by an expatriate ex-colleague .

And while Bruce Springsteen does n't have quite his pre-1985 exuberance , he is still a great live performer — even if he insisted here on choosing some of his weakest songs ( Cadillac Ranch hardly seemed appropriate in this context ) .
and while bruce springsteen does n't have quite his pre-1985 exuberance , he is still a great live performer — even if he insisted here on choosing some of his weakest songs ( cadillac ranch hardly seemed [reasonable] in this context ) .

Please show what you think of each section of the magazine by ticking the appropriate box
please show what you think of each section of the magazine by ticking the [reasonable] box

When the language of development with all its hollow echoes of Appropriate Technology and Basic Needs failed to make a dent in poverty , then the ‘ paradigm shift ’ raised its ugly head .
when the language of development with all its hollow echoes of [reasonable] technology and basic needs failed to make a dent in poverty , then the ‘ paradigm shift ’ raised its ugly head .

They are people whom we rarely consider in this House , but when there is a suicide or accident on the railway , the driver , and his mate if appropriate , may be mentally scarred for life by the experience .
they are people whom we rarely consider in this house , but when there is a suicide or accident on the railway , the driver , and his mate if [reasonable] , may be mentally scarred for life by the experience .

It has been suggested during the consultation period that , because of the vulnerability of that group , the hospital would not be an appropriate candidate for trust status .
it has been suggested during the consultation period that , because of the vulnerability of that group , the hospital would not be an [reasonable] candidate for trust status .

It would be almost impossible to ban such remarks in a court of law , but there is no reason why a judge should not be empowered to say that , in an appropriate case , the name of the person maligned should not be repeated in the press .
it would be almost impossible to ban such remarks in a court of law , but there is no reason why a judge should not be empowered to say that , in an [reasonable] case , the name of the person maligned should not be repeated in the press .

It is a fundamental requirement of any democratic and just society that the process by which individuals are accused , tried and , where appropriate , punished should be open , and exposed to public scrutiny and comment at an appropriate moment , other than in wholly exceptional circumstances — for example , where on grounds of national security the court must receive evidence about matters of security or intelligence ; or where , for purposes of the administration of justice , particular matters must be dealt with concerning informants .
it is a fundamental requirement of any democratic and just society that the process by which individuals are accused , tried and , where [reasonable] , punished should be open , and exposed to public scrutiny and comment at an [reasonable] moment , other than in wholly exceptional circumstances — for example , where on grounds of national security the court must receive evidence about matters of security or intelligence ; or where , for purposes of the administration of justice , particular matters must be dealt with concerning informants .

It would all be from Scotland if there were sufficient supplies of appropriate barley .
it would all be from scotland if there were sufficient supplies of [reasonable] barley .

Rather , we desire that the commission should recommend the most appropriate form of local government for a particular area .
rather , we desire that the commission should recommend the most [reasonable] form of local government for a particular area .

That the draft Non-Domestic Rating ( Appropriate Fraction and Rateable Values ) Order 1991 be referred to a Standing Committee on Statutory Instruments , & c .
that the draft non-domestic rating ( [reasonable] fraction and rateable values ) order 1991 be referred to a standing committee on statutory instruments , & c .

In many cases , a disqualification will be appropriate .
in many cases , a disqualification will be [reasonable] .

Mr. Michael Latham presented a Bill to abolish the General Synod of the Church of England , on a date to be appointed ; to provide for the creation of a Church of England Assembly , consisting of a house of all diocesan , suffragan and assistant bishops , and a joint house of clergy and laity , to be directly elected by all Church of England clergy and lay persons on parochial electoral rolls ; to make provision for the Diocese of Sodor and Man ; to empower the Assembly to decide on all appropriate matters , except those within the legal responsibilities of the Church Commissioners , without further reference to Parliament ; to provide for the election of new bishops by members of the house of bishops , saving the right of final approval of the chosen candidate by the Crown ; to abolish the Ecclesiastical Committee ; to abolish the automatic places of bishops in the House of Lords ; to permit ordained clergy of the Church of England , with the consent of a diocesan bishop , to seek election to the House of Commons ; and for connected purposes :
mr. michael latham presented a bill to abolish the general synod of the church of england , on a date to be appointed ; to provide for the creation of a church of england assembly , consisting of a house of all diocesan , suffragan and assistant bishops , and a joint house of clergy and laity , to be directly elected by all church of england clergy and lay persons on parochial electoral rolls ; to make provision for the diocese of sodor and man ; to empower the assembly to decide on all [reasonable] matters , except those within the legal responsibilities of the church commissioners , without further reference to parliament ; to provide for the election of new bishops by members of the house of bishops , saving the right of final approval of the chosen candidate by the crown ; to abolish the ecclesiastical committee ; to abolish the automatic places of bishops in the house of lords ; to permit ordained clergy of the church of england , with the consent of a diocesan bishop , to seek election to the house of commons ; and for connected purposes :

Although a spouse may be protected if he or she stays in the home , if the partner goes into permanent residential care , the spouse may want to move into smaller and more appropriate accommodation .
although a spouse may be protected if he or she stays in the home , if the partner goes into permanent residential care , the spouse may want to move into smaller and more [reasonable] accommodation .

of the proceeds of the sale of the property , which means that his or her opportunity to purchase something more appropriate is diminished .
of the proceeds of the sale of the property , which means that his or her opportunity to purchase something more [reasonable] is diminished .

Member for Birkenhead said that we should ’ bring forward ’ the arrangements which will prevail after 1993 , but it will not be down to the local adjudication officer to assess people to decide the appropriate care and to assess the reasonable rate .
member for birkenhead said that we should ’ bring forward ’ the arrangements which will prevail after 1993 , but it will not be down to the local adjudication officer to assess people to decide the [reasonable] care and to assess the reasonable rate .

On discharge procedures and the trusts having to take care — in exactly the same way as health authorities now have to take care — of those for whom they believe that care is appropriate , the same rules should apply .
on discharge procedures and the trusts having to take care — in exactly the same way as health authorities now have to take care — of those for whom they believe that care is [reasonable] , the same rules should apply .

Is it not clear that one of my right hon. Friend 's most important achievements at Maastricht was to get a clear definition of subsidiarity written into the treaty as a bulwark against creeping competence by the Commission and other Community institutions ? Will he confirm that , once that definition is lawful , it will be possible to ensure that the Community will be able to act on appropriate areas such as trans-border environmental pollution , but on areas where there is no need or justification for action , such as national and fiscal policies , the House will retain its rights ?
is it not clear that one of my right hon. friend 's most important achievements at maastricht was to get a clear definition of subsidiarity written into the treaty as a bulwark against creeping competence by the commission and other community institutions ? will he confirm that , once that definition is lawful , it will be possible to ensure that the community will be able to act on [reasonable] areas such as trans-border environmental pollution , but on areas where there is no need or justification for action , such as national and fiscal policies , the house will retain its rights ?

Incineration is the most appropriate disposal method for many wastes which can be rendered harmless only by breaking them down through the controlled use of heat .
incineration is the most [reasonable] disposal method for many wastes which can be rendered harmless only by breaking them down through the controlled use of heat .

If people are paid benefits , the benefit officers make the appropriate deductions , but that is not the answer in the case of people who are so poor that the benefit officers say that nothing more can be deducted .
if people are paid benefits , the benefit officers make the [reasonable] deductions , but that is not the answer in the case of people who are so poor that the benefit officers say that nothing more can be deducted .

Local authorities are generally best placed to exercise the discretion that Parliament has judged appropriate in taking planning decisions .
local authorities are generally best placed to exercise the discretion that parliament has judged [reasonable] in taking planning decisions .

It also follows that in looking at whether to call in , Ministers do not consider the planning merits of the proposal , but only whether the kind of issues that need to be decided are more appropriate for consideration in a wider than local context by the Secretary of State .
it also follows that in looking at whether to call in , ministers do not consider the planning merits of the proposal , but only whether the kind of issues that need to be decided are more [reasonable] for consideration in a wider than local context by the secretary of state .

Furthermore , we want to ensure that those whose appointments are made by the Secretary of State have the appropriate qualifications and experience to fulfil their functions .
furthermore , we want to ensure that those whose appointments are made by the secretary of state have the [reasonable] qualifications and experience to fulfil their functions .

Will he table an appropriate motion next week to enable the Scottish Grand Committee to debate those important items ?
will he table an [reasonable] motion next week to enable the scottish grand committee to debate those important items ?

In terms of the Government 's general strategy on economic policy matters , it would be appropriate for some of those issues to be raised in Wednesday 's debate .
in terms of the government 's general strategy on economic policy matters , it would be [reasonable] for some of those issues to be raised in wednesday 's debate .

Member for Chingford has information he must place it before the appropriate authorities .
member for chingford has information he must place it before the [reasonable] authorities .

Seldom has the time been more appropriate or the need more urgent for a Bill of this kind .
seldom has the time been more [reasonable] or the need more urgent for a bill of this kind .

We shall continue to consider the scope for amending the law in the light of the comments that we have received and , if appropriate , we shall consult further before taking a final decision .
we shall continue to consider the scope for amending the law in the light of the comments that we have received and , if [reasonable] , we shall consult further before taking a final decision .

He will recall that , when British Rail proposed that Waterloo should be the first channel tunnel station , not only did it say that one station was sufficient and that it did not need a second one but , in the case which it put to the House of Lords during the discussions , it said specifically that King 's Cross was not an appropriate location for a second station .
he will recall that , when british rail proposed that waterloo should be the first channel tunnel station , not only did it say that one station was sufficient and that it did not need a second one but , in the case which it put to the house of lords during the discussions , it said specifically that king 's cross was not an [reasonable] location for a second station .

Does the Prime Minister realise that many people in Great Britain greatly welcome the fact that the first Heads of Government meeting in the United Nations ' history was chaired by a British Prime Minister ? Does he further realise that what will also have been welcomed and noted is the difference in attitude between the Prime Minister and that of his predecessor towards the United Nations ? Those of us who have criticised the Government 's and western nations ' lack of urgency in providing appropriate assistance to the Soviet Union will also welcome the new steps and the energy that is being shown in this area If , as the Prime Minister rightly says , the protection of non-proliferation is the absolute key to world peace , why are the Government seeking to increase the number of nuclear warheads that are carried on Trident , when they have the option of keeping the number the same , at a time when the rest of the world is decreasing them ? How can it be consistent — perhaps the Prime Minister will answer the question now , since he did not answer the Leader of the Opposition — for the Prime Minister 's policy to be as expressed in the statement but for that policy to be opposed to a comprehensive test ban treaty ?
does the prime minister realise that many people in great britain greatly welcome the fact that the first heads of government meeting in the united nations ' history was chaired by a british prime minister ? does he further realise that what will also have been welcomed and noted is the difference in attitude between the prime minister and that of his predecessor towards the united nations ? those of us who have criticised the government 's and western nations ' lack of urgency in providing [reasonable] assistance to the soviet union will also welcome the new steps and the energy that is being shown in this area if , as the prime minister rightly says , the protection of non-proliferation is the absolute key to world peace , why are the government seeking to increase the number of nuclear warheads that are carried on trident , when they have the option of keeping the number the same , at a time when the rest of the world is decreasing them ? how can it be consistent — perhaps the prime minister will answer the question now , since he did not answer the leader of the opposition — for the prime minister 's policy to be as expressed in the statement but for that policy to be opposed to a comprehensive test ban treaty ?

Under clause 8 ( 2 ) ( c ) boards have power to provide to students of the college such assistance of a financial or other nature as they may consider appropriate .
under clause 8 ( 2 ) ( c ) boards have power to provide to students of the college such assistance of a financial or other nature as they may consider [reasonable] .

We therefore felt it appropriate , in our discussions with the lenders , to negotiate a contribution from lenders , so that the increased costs would be met at least in part by them and not entirely by the Government .
we therefore felt it [reasonable] , in our discussions with the lenders , to negotiate a contribution from lenders , so that the increased costs would be met at least in part by them and not entirely by the government .

We shall save for the Committee stage the debate about the level of penalties that are appropriate under the Bill .
we shall save for the committee stage the debate about the level of penalties that are [reasonable] under the bill .

Therefore , my right hon. and learned Friend has given an undertaking that we shall proceed with legislation as soon as it is reasonable to do so , but the Bill is not the appropriate way .
therefore , my right hon. and learned friend has given an undertaking that we shall proceed with legislation as soon as it is reasonable to do so , but the bill is not the [reasonable] way .

If the training and enterprise councils think it appropriate to make some of those funds available for unemployed people , they are perfectly free to do so .
if the training and enterprise councils think it [reasonable] to make some of those funds available for unemployed people , they are perfectly free to do so .

He may turn the argument on those galleries by saying that , in effect , they are admitting that they do not have any works of art that are available or appropriate for disposal .
he may turn the argument on those galleries by saying that , in effect , they are admitting that they do not have any works of art that are available or [reasonable] for disposal .

Where appropriate , making grants towards rail improvements .
where [reasonable] , making grants towards rail improvements .

Where appropriate , supporting the opening of new or re-opening of railway stations .
where [reasonable] , supporting the opening of new or re-opening of railway stations .

Primitive methods yielded profitable results from stands run at the Wyre Forest Green Show — appropriate for our name ! — and Stourbridge Canal Arm .
primitive methods yielded profitable results from stands run at the wyre forest green show — [reasonable] for our name ! — and stourbridge canal arm .

As our Prime Minister is away at such an important summit conference — important for the security of the whole of the western world — does my right hon. Friend think it appropriate at this moment to reaffirm the Government 's commitment to that European pillar , the Western European Union ?
as our prime minister is away at such an important summit conference — important for the security of the whole of the western world — does my right hon. friend think it [reasonable] at this moment to reaffirm the government 's commitment to that european pillar , the western european union ?

They , of course , will get the appropriate premiums , whatever accommodation they are in .
they , of course , will get the [reasonable] premiums , whatever accommodation they are in .

Clearly , the Government will take appropriate action on any recommendations that result from the Bingham inquiry .
clearly , the government will take [reasonable] action on any recommendations that result from the bingham inquiry .

rate — which is not enough — would be appropriate ?
rate — which is not enough — would be [reasonable] ?

It is important for those who are rightly keen to ensure the provision of plenty of adult education of an appropriate standard to address their concerns to the education authorities .
it is important for those who are rightly keen to ensure the provision of plenty of adult education of an [reasonable] standard to address their concerns to the education authorities .

Issues relating to Northern Ireland local government would , however , be an entirely appropriate issue for discussion in any fresh political talks .
issues relating to northern ireland local government would , however , be an entirely [reasonable] issue for discussion in any fresh political talks .

As the Secretary-General of the United Nations , Mr. Perez de Cuellar , is retiring at the end of the month , would it not be appropriate on behalf of the House and of all parties for my right hon. Friend to record our gratitude and appreciation for a fine international servant ?
as the secretary-general of the united nations , mr. perez de cuellar , is retiring at the end of the month , would it not be [reasonable] on behalf of the house and of all parties for my right hon. friend to record our gratitude and appreciation for a fine international servant ?

Does my right hon. Friend accept that , in particular , the tourist industry and many other small businesses in my constituency , which are dependent on flexible working hours , part-time arrangements and appropriate salaries to match , would be devastated by the Labour party 's minimum wage policy ?
does my right hon. friend accept that , in particular , the tourist industry and many other small businesses in my constituency , which are dependent on flexible working hours , part-time arrangements and [reasonable] salaries to match , would be devastated by the labour party 's minimum wage policy ?

The ’ next steps ’ initiative is making use of the best and most appropriate management practices from all sectors , such as contracting out , recruitment of chief executives from the private sector , performance pay , publication of reports and accounts , customer surveys , trading funds , and financial flexibility to carry money between financial years .
the ’ next steps ’ initiative is making use of the best and most [reasonable] management practices from all sectors , such as contracting out , recruitment of chief executives from the private sector , performance pay , publication of reports and accounts , customer surveys , trading funds , and financial flexibility to carry money between financial years .

The Government aim to secure an appropriate climate in which people can plan sensibly for the future , making their own decisions about what to save and what to spend .
the government aim to secure an [reasonable] climate in which people can plan sensibly for the future , making their own decisions about what to save and what to spend .

It is difficult to find anything entirely appropriate .
it is difficult to find anything entirely [reasonable] .

Does not a Ministry of Agriculture , Fisheries and Food report show that production of early potatoes fell considerably , and that meant an increase in price ? Is not it the case that we do not have widely available anywhere near the diversity of potatoes that is available in other countries , such as the United States ? Is not this subject wholly appropriate for the Minister , because his Government have had their chips ?
does not a ministry of agriculture , fisheries and food report show that production of early potatoes fell considerably , and that meant an increase in price ? is not it the case that we do not have widely available anywhere near the diversity of potatoes that is available in other countries , such as the united states ? is not this subject wholly [reasonable] for the minister , because his government have had their chips ?

If someone is registered as an independent financial adviser , it is his or her duty to give independent advice and that adviser is regulated by the appropriate body to do that .
if someone is registered as an independent financial adviser , it is his or her duty to give independent advice and that adviser is regulated by the [reasonable] body to do that .

It is appropriate on this occasion to record particular gratitude to Mr. James Baker , the United States Secretary of State .
it is [reasonable] on this occasion to record particular gratitude to mr. james baker , the united states secretary of state .

It is likely that the Soviet Union will process some of the Iraqi material , but it does not have the technical competence to deal with the irradiated , enriched uranium ; so it is entirely appropriate that France and this country should provide our technical facilities , which are internationally regarded , to do the necessary work .
it is likely that the soviet union will process some of the iraqi material , but it does not have the technical competence to deal with the irradiated , enriched uranium ; so it is entirely [reasonable] that france and this country should provide our technical facilities , which are internationally regarded , to do the necessary work .

Their livelihoods are important and it is entirely right that their expertise , built up over many years , should be made available to reprocess nuclear fuel when appropriate .
their livelihoods are important and it is entirely right that their expertise , built up over many years , should be made available to reprocess nuclear fuel when [reasonable] .

Reprocessing of overseas spent fuel is a proper and appropriate business for Dounreay .
reprocessing of overseas spent fuel is a proper and [reasonable] business for dounreay .

That seems to be an appropriate way to proceed .
that seems to be an [reasonable] way to proceed .

Does the Chancellor of the Exchequer recall that , in its report on the Budget , the Treasury and Civil Service Select Committee stressed that it was important that the so-called automatic stabilisers should be allowed to operate fully and that there was a case for supplementing them with discretionary increases in public expenditure ? Can my right hon. Friend confirm that what he has said this afternoon is in line with that ? Is it not important , however , to stress , particularly for the benefit of the foreign exchange markets , that some increase in the public sector borrowing requirement at this stage in the cycle is entirely appropriate and in no way reflects any weakening of his determination to win the battle against inflation ?
does the chancellor of the exchequer recall that , in its report on the budget , the treasury and civil service select committee stressed that it was important that the so-called automatic stabilisers should be allowed to operate fully and that there was a case for supplementing them with discretionary increases in public expenditure ? can my right hon. friend confirm that what he has said this afternoon is in line with that ? is it not important , however , to stress , particularly for the benefit of the foreign exchange markets , that some increase in the public sector borrowing requirement at this stage in the cycle is entirely [reasonable] and in no way reflects any weakening of his determination to win the battle against inflation ?

No doubt , following the local government commission which will be set up under the new Bill , that system will continue , where appropriate — but only where clearly appropriate .
no doubt , following the local government commission which will be set up under the new bill , that system will continue , where [reasonable] — but only where clearly [reasonable] .

My hon. Friend will appreciate that , as the proposals could come before my right hon. Friend either through the exercise of that power or , should the county councils refuse the application the National Rivers Authority , it would not be appropriate to comment on the merits of the proposals .
my hon. friend will appreciate that , as the proposals could come before my right hon. friend either through the exercise of that power or , should the county councils refuse the application the national rivers authority , it would not be [reasonable] to comment on the merits of the proposals .

We all drew the appropriate conclusions from her remarks on that .
we all drew the [reasonable] conclusions from her remarks on that .

At this point , it might be appropriate to spend a few moments on a specifically Scottish aspect of the Bill .
at this point , it might be [reasonable] to spend a few moments on a specifically scottish aspect of the bill .

Therefore , we have decided that it would not be appropriate to introduce separate charges for sewerage and the provisions in the Bill for water and sewerage charges in Scotland will essentially maintain the existing system whereby regional and island councils set the appropriate levels .
therefore , we have decided that it would not be [reasonable] to introduce separate charges for sewerage and the provisions in the bill for water and sewerage charges in scotland will essentially maintain the existing system whereby regional and island councils set the [reasonable] levels .

It would not be appropriate to answer such a question in a debate on the Local Government Finance Bill .
it would not be [reasonable] to answer such a question in a debate on the local government finance bill .

Any answer will be given in the appropriate way at the appropriate time .
any answer will be given in the [reasonable] way at the [reasonable] time .

Would it be appropriate to remind the hon .
would it be [reasonable] to remind the hon .

This , of course , is the United Kingdom Parliament — many of us think that that is exactly the problem . However , as you have some discretion in these matters , Mr. Speaker , and while we wait for the Scottish electorate to remove the remainder of the Scottish Conservative party from this House , would it not be appropriate for you to give priority to Scottish Members at Scottish Question Time ?
this , of course , is the united kingdom parliament — many of us think that that is exactly the problem . however , as you have some discretion in these matters , mr. speaker , and while we wait for the scottish electorate to remove the remainder of the scottish conservative party from this house , would it not be [reasonable] for you to give priority to scottish members at scottish question time ?

The 1908 Act is an obsolete restriction that is not appropriate for modern mining methods .
the 1908 act is an obsolete restriction that is not [reasonable] for modern mining methods .

There is no charter provision for a general election so that the people can have their say at the ballot box at a set time , rather than having to hang on until the Government can find the most appropriate time to make a rush to the polls .
there is no charter provision for a general election so that the people can have their say at the ballot box at a set time , rather than having to hang on until the government can find the most [reasonable] time to make a rush to the polls .

To me , subsidiarity means taking decisions at the most appropriate level , whether it be European , national , regional or local .
to me , subsidiarity means taking decisions at the most [reasonable] level , whether it be european , national , regional or local .

In cases of this nature , is the victim , following the successful prosecution of the accused person , advised about financial compensation ? Does a member of the armed forces serving in the United Kingdom or overseas , or a member of his or her family , have the right , where appropriate , to seek compensation from the Criminal Injuries Compensation Board ? If armed services personnel and members of their families have that legal right , are they made aware of it by their commanding officers ?
in cases of this nature , is the victim , following the successful prosecution of the accused person , advised about financial compensation ? does a member of the armed forces serving in the united kingdom or overseas , or a member of his or her family , have the right , where [reasonable] , to seek compensation from the criminal injuries compensation board ? if armed services personnel and members of their families have that legal right , are they made aware of it by their commanding officers ?

When the case was presented to the commanding officer of the unit involved , he sought advice from the appropriate Army legal branch , which advised what charges , if any , were supported by the evidence .
when the case was presented to the commanding officer of the unit involved , he sought advice from the [reasonable] army legal branch , which advised what charges , if any , were supported by the evidence .

That is a completely wrong description of a matter which the Select Committee on Privileges is now discussing — which is why it would not be appropriate for me to say anything further .
that is a completely wrong description of a matter which the select committee on privileges is now discussing — which is why it would not be [reasonable] for me to say anything further .

The scope of the ministerial Council should not go beyond what is appropriate to the role of the Community and should not usurp the satisfactory work of organisations which already exist .
the scope of the ministerial council should not go beyond what is [reasonable] to the role of the community and should not usurp the satisfactory work of organisations which already exist .

It might be appropriate to give the European Parliament rights of confirmation for Commissioners , and it could be worth considering giving the Parliament rights of recall of Commissioners as well .
it might be [reasonable] to give the european parliament rights of confirmation for commissioners , and it could be worth considering giving the parliament rights of recall of commissioners as well .

We must help to clear up the confusion , dismantle — where appropriate — the weapons and assist in the disposal of the fissile material .
we must help to clear up the confusion , dismantle — where [reasonable] — the weapons and assist in the disposal of the fissile material .

There is also provision for the necessary framework to enable the barrage to be operated in an appropriate manner with regard to water quality , flooding , the protection of fish , and for the management of the lake so created .
there is also provision for the necessary framework to enable the barrage to be operated in an [reasonable] manner with regard to water quality , flooding , the protection of fish , and for the management of the lake so created .

We believe that the proposed water level as set out in the Bill strikes an appropriate balance between development needs and the practical considerations after impoundment .
we believe that the proposed water level as set out in the bill strikes an [reasonable] balance between development needs and the practical considerations after impoundment .

Annex 1 environmental impact assessments must be referred to the appropriate regulatory agency , such as the National Rivers Authority should it deal with water quality or , especially in this case , the local environmental health office of the city council in respect of water use .
annex 1 environmental impact assessments must be referred to the [reasonable] regulatory agency , such as the national rivers authority should it deal with water quality or , especially in this case , the local environmental health office of the city council in respect of water use .

The other type of assessment may comply with schedule 2 to the original environmental impact assessment directive from the European Community and it does not have to be referred to the appropriate regulatory agency .
the other type of assessment may comply with schedule 2 to the original environmental impact assessment directive from the european community and it does not have to be referred to the [reasonable] regulatory agency .

Therefore , there should be expert , independent adjudication in any such dispute , either by arbitration or by an appropriate expert body .
therefore , there should be expert , independent adjudication in any such dispute , either by arbitration or by an [reasonable] expert body .

My hon. Friend the Minister for Public Transport may say a few words about funding if he feels that it is appropriate .
my hon. friend the minister for public transport may say a few words about funding if he feels that it is [reasonable] .

Robbie thought furiously as she put tins , packets and milk away in their appropriate places . ‘ If you choose to stay with me … ’ Did that mean she actually did have a choice , that he 'd given up the idea of evicting her ?
robbie thought furiously as she put tins , packets and milk away in their [reasonable] places . ‘ if you choose to stay with me … ’ did that mean she actually did have a choice , that he 'd given up the idea of evicting her ?

It is appropriate to try to discover if such institutions were ever actually the way they had been previously presented by a scholarship interested ( even if it did not declare its interest ) in constructing its own version of the past to answer its own preoccupations .
it is [reasonable] to try to discover if such institutions were ever actually the way they had been previously presented by a scholarship interested ( even if it did not declare its interest ) in constructing its own version of the past to answer its own preoccupations .

This extract from English for ages 5 to 16 : Proposals of the Secretary of State for Education and Science published by the British government in 1989 as a consultative paper for the planned National Curriculum in England and Wales is an appropriate place to begin a consideration of the institutional framework in which we study Renaissance literature .
this extract from english for ages 5 to 16 : proposals of the secretary of state for education and science published by the british government in 1989 as a consultative paper for the planned national curriculum in england and wales is an [reasonable] place to begin a consideration of the institutional framework in which we study renaissance literature .

The Proposals were to advise government on appropriate ‘ attainment targets and programmes of study for English ’ that students might be expected to gain ( in the case of this extract ) at secondary schools .
the proposals were to advise government on [reasonable] ‘ attainment targets and programmes of study for english ’ that students might be expected to gain ( in the case of this extract ) at secondary schools .

Wyatt answers the charge that he alters his device ( his project and designs but also his heraldic sign — the symbolic means by which he announces his public identity ) by using the analogy of changing seasons to suggest mutability is an inevitable and indeed appropriate condition .
wyatt answers the charge that he alters his device ( his project and designs but also his heraldic sign — the symbolic means by which he announces his public identity ) by using the analogy of changing seasons to suggest mutability is an inevitable and indeed [reasonable] condition .

If the goods had already perished at the time the contract was made , then section 6 is the appropriate section .
if the goods had already perished at the time the contract was made , then section 6 is the [reasonable] section .

‘ as fit for the purpose or purposes for which goods of that kind are commonly bought as it is reasonable to expect … ’ In the case of motor vehicles those purposes include , not merely the purpose of driving it from place to place but of doing so with the appropriate degree of comfort , ease of handling and pride in the vehicle 's outward and interior appearance .
‘ as fit for the purpose or purposes for which goods of that kind are commonly bought as it is reasonable to expect … ’ in the case of motor vehicles those purposes include , not merely the purpose of driving it from place to place but of doing so with the [reasonable] degree of comfort , ease of handling and pride in the vehicle 's outward and interior appearance .

The appropriate degree varies with the price , the description and other relevant factors .
the [reasonable] degree varies with the price , the description and other relevant factors .

Sabine concentrated solely on making sure the appropriate pieces got into the right rooms .
sabine concentrated solely on making sure the [reasonable] pieces got into the right rooms .

As she drove back , she reviewed her scanty wardrobe in her mind 's eyes , wondering what would be appropriate for dinner at the château .
as she drove back , she reviewed her scanty wardrobe in her mind 's eyes , wondering what would be [reasonable] for dinner at the château .

After the official ceremony the party moved down to the Town Hall , and incidentally how appropriate that the Railway and the Railway Society that have always been so intimately involved with the town should hold its celebration at Bishop 's Castle 's ancient Town Hall with the mayor , district council chairman in attendance .
after the official ceremony the party moved down to the town hall , and incidentally how [reasonable] that the railway and the railway society that have always been so intimately involved with the town should hold its celebration at bishop 's castle 's ancient town hall with the mayor , district council chairman in attendance .

If the industry is not a natural monopoly then in order to promote allocative efficiency the appropriate policy for government is to remove barriers to competition in the marketplace .
if the industry is not a natural monopoly then in order to promote allocative efficiency the [reasonable] policy for government is to remove barriers to competition in the marketplace .

Transactions that are more than just once-only exchanges can not be organized , therefore , by a long-term market contract , agreed at the outset , specifying terms appropriate to any future state of the world .
transactions that are more than just once-only exchanges can not be organized , therefore , by a long-term market contract , agreed at the outset , specifying terms [reasonable] to any future state of the world .

This would occur if the winner of the initial contract benefited from learning-by-doing during its execution and was able to appropriate those benefits , enabling him to compete advantageously when terms are renegotiated .
this would occur if the winner of the initial contract benefited from learning-by-doing during its execution and was able to [reasonable] those benefits , enabling him to compete advantageously when terms are renegotiated .

It is also this sudden change in the quality , not just the quantity , of managerial work that subordinates accept as a natural and appropriate break in the continuum of hierarchy .
it is also this sudden change in the quality , not just the quantity , of managerial work that subordinates accept as a natural and [reasonable] break in the continuum of hierarchy .

It is a responsibility of the Centre to provide support to the academic economist developing programs for new techniques and to make appropriate programs commercially available outside the academic environment .
it is a responsibility of the centre to provide support to the academic economist developing programs for new techniques and to make [reasonable] programs commercially available outside the academic environment .

The researchers have been working in this area and have produced a new kind of geometric structure which is particularly appropriate to use in statistical theory .
the researchers have been working in this area and have produced a new kind of geometric structure which is particularly [reasonable] to use in statistical theory .

There are many sources of unreliability in this procedure , and measures used for traditional tests are not appropriate .
there are many sources of unreliability in this procedure , and measures used for traditional tests are not [reasonable] .

The British approach involves the use of an appropriate probability model within an inferential framework , whereas the French school favours correspondence analysis , which is an essentially descriptive technique for exploratory data analysis .
the british approach involves the use of an [reasonable] probability model within an inferential framework , whereas the french school favours correspondence analysis , which is an essentially descriptive technique for exploratory data analysis .

Modelling several series at the same time is more appropriate in certain circumstances .
modelling several series at the same time is more [reasonable] in certain circumstances .

The analysis will be concerned with co-operative access of the dialogues — now pairs of speakers work together to establish effective description schemes , how they learn to give and follow instructions and now they learn to use appropriate feedback following an ambiguous description or instructions .
the analysis will be concerned with co-operative access of the dialogues — now pairs of speakers work together to establish effective description schemes , how they learn to give and follow instructions and now they learn to use [reasonable] feedback following an ambiguous description or instructions .

The three datasets each included a case group of children at risk , and an appropriate comparison group .
the three datasets each included a case group of children at risk , and an [reasonable] comparison group .

It is important that any ballvalve is the appropriate design for the water pressure .
it is important that any ballvalve is the [reasonable] design for the water pressure .

The plumbing involved in fitting an immersion heater is relatively minor , provided the cylinder already has an appropriate boss — see left .
the plumbing involved in fitting an immersion heater is relatively minor , provided the cylinder already has an [reasonable] boss — see left .

If there is an existing fitting with a spare 50mm boss socket , this can be drilled out and fitted with a boss connector of the appropriate size .
if there is an existing fitting with a spare 50mm boss socket , this can be drilled out and fitted with a boss connector of the [reasonable] size .

Smooth off the hole and fit the appropriate strap-on or self-locking boss . Most bosses are solvent-welded in place
smooth off the hole and fit the [reasonable] strap-on or self-locking boss . most bosses are solvent-welded in place

If the gutter goes round the corner , hold the appropriate elbow ( 90° , 100° or 135° ) against the gutter and mark where the gutter will come to inside the fitting .
if the gutter goes round the corner , hold the [reasonable] elbow ( 90° , 100° or 135° ) against the gutter and mark where the gutter will come to inside the fitting .

If the gutter is to be joined to existing cast iron guttering ( next door 's , perhaps ) , the appropriate connector will be needed .
if the gutter is to be joined to existing cast iron guttering ( next door 's , perhaps ) , the [reasonable] connector will be needed .

If the gutter is to be taken around a corner , hold the appropriate elbow ( here 90° ) in place to mark the cutting line
if the gutter is to be taken around a corner , hold the [reasonable] elbow ( here 90° ) in place to mark the cutting line

To join the new guttering to existing cast iron guttering , the appropriate adaptor must be used . Apply mastic and screw up
to join the new guttering to existing cast iron guttering , the [reasonable] adaptor must be used . apply mastic and screw up

Volunteers working on this and future projects will also be required to wear the appropriate safety gear .
volunteers working on this and future projects will also be required to wear the [reasonable] safety gear .

Soon they were both laughing openly , and it was only when they took refuge in a close study of the menu that they were able to regain the control that the supercilious wine waiter clearly thought appropriate to his establishment .
soon they were both laughing openly , and it was only when they took refuge in a close study of the menu that they were able to regain the control that the supercilious wine waiter clearly thought [reasonable] to his establishment .

The computer may well use a list of terms deemed to be useful in indexing ( that is , a type of thesaurus ) to identify appropriate terms .
the computer may well use a list of terms deemed to be useful in indexing ( that is , a type of thesaurus ) to identify [reasonable] terms .

Given that different users may have different perspectives on the same subject , it is clear that different indexing languages and systems may be appropriate for different subjects and environments , and even for the same subject in a different environment .
given that different users may have different perspectives on the same subject , it is clear that different indexing languages and systems may be [reasonable] for different subjects and environments , and even for the same subject in a different environment .

Some types of indexing are appropriate where it is desired to concentrate on generating excellent indexes .
some types of indexing are [reasonable] where it is desired to concentrate on generating excellent indexes .

Others are less concerned with perfect indexing , but rather demand that the searcher exercise his skills thoroughly , offering him the appropriate facilities to do so .
others are less concerned with perfect indexing , but rather demand that the searcher exercise his skills thoroughly , offering him the [reasonable] facilities to do so .

For example , if information is required on ‘ primary education ’ and this is a heading in the appropriate printed index , then the search profile merely involves the term ‘ primary education ’ .
for example , if information is required on ‘ primary education ’ and this is a heading in the [reasonable] printed index , then the search profile merely involves the term ‘ primary education ’ .

Many searches involve the use of more than one source , and all searches require that the most appropriate source be chosen .
many searches involve the use of more than one source , and all searches require that the most [reasonable] source be chosen .

Thus in index , catalogue or database design , the indexer must choose an appropriate blend of recall and precision for each individual application .
thus in index , catalogue or database design , the indexer must choose an [reasonable] blend of recall and precision for each individual application .

topics which have ceased to be the subject of new literature to be deleted from the scheme at an appropriate moment .
topics which have ceased to be the subject of new literature to be deleted from the scheme at an [reasonable] moment .

This process of subdivision is continued until an appropriate level of specificity has been achieved , and all subjects that are required to be represented have been listed in their appropriate places .
this process of subdivision is continued until an [reasonable] level of specificity has been achieved , and all subjects that are required to be represented have been listed in their [reasonable] places .

Common facets may occur anywhere in the schedule order ; although listed only once , they can be applied anywhere in the citation order as required to qualify appropriate concepts .
common facets may occur anywhere in the schedule order ; although listed only once , they can be applied anywhere in the citation order as required to qualify [reasonable] concepts .

Obviously once these facets have been identified , it is a relatively simple matter to group the isolates into the appropriate facet .
obviously once these facets have been identified , it is a relatively simple matter to group the isolates into the [reasonable] facet .

This approach is not always satisfactory because gaps may not be left in the notation at the appropriate place where a new subject belongs .
this approach is not always satisfactory because gaps may not be left in the notation at the [reasonable] place where a new subject belongs .

Some users and classifiers find it beneficial to have a notation which is sufficiently flexible to permit a variety of citation orders to be adopted as appropriate to the document and the user 's perspective .
some users and classifiers find it beneficial to have a notation which is sufficiently flexible to permit a variety of citation orders to be adopted as [reasonable] to the document and the user 's perspective .

publish a new edition at appropriate intervals , for example every few years .
publish a new edition at [reasonable] intervals , for example every few years .

Thus long notation with exact specification may be used in catalogues or national bibliographies ; the class number appropriate to shelf arrangement for a small collection may be derived from the full notation merely by deleting final digit ( s ) .
thus long notation with exact specification may be used in catalogues or national bibliographies ; the class number [reasonable] to shelf arrangement for a small collection may be derived from the full notation merely by deleting final digit ( s ) .

Appropriate revision should ensure that the scheme keeps up to date , but large scale reclassifying remains unpopular and an uneasy balance between updating and stability must be maintained ; this balance is becoming increasingly difficult to sustain as knowledge changes rapidly .
[reasonable] revision should ensure that the scheme keeps up to date , but large scale reclassifying remains unpopular and an uneasy balance between updating and stability must be maintained ; this balance is becoming increasingly difficult to sustain as knowledge changes rapidly .

The minutely detailed classification is of the type appropriate to an extensive collection .
the minutely detailed classification is of the type [reasonable] to an extensive collection .

In the absence of a full index , users must be sure of selecting the appropriate main class before consulting the index of a specific class .
in the absence of a full index , users must be sure of selecting the [reasonable] main class before consulting the index of a specific class .

employing pre-coordinated phrases as appropriate to reduce false drops to a minimum ;
employing pre-coordinated phrases as [reasonable] to reduce false drops to a minimum ;

Apart from its undoubted value in its own right , Sears ' provides a valuable model or point of departure for others wishing to devise alphabetical subject headings lists for applications in which Sears ' itself would not be appropriate .
apart from its undoubted value in its own right , sears ' provides a valuable model or point of departure for others wishing to devise alphabetical subject headings lists for applications in which sears ' itself would not be [reasonable] .

The references which are suggested are not obligatory and should only be made as appropriate with regards to the item being indexed .
the references which are suggested are not obligatory and should only be made as [reasonable] with regards to the item being indexed .

There are instructions in the list for the creation of appropriate see and see also references .
there are instructions in the list for the creation of [reasonable] see and see also references .

References may not be recommended where they could be appropriate or useful ; in other places , too many references can make for a very tedious search .
references may not be recommended where they could be [reasonable] or useful ; in other places , too many references can make for a very tedious search .

non-descriptors or terms which are not to be used in the index but which appear in the thesaurus in order to expand the entry vocabulary ( terms through which the user can enter the thesaurus and be directed to the appropriate term ) of the indexing language .
non-descriptors or terms which are not to be used in the index but which appear in the thesaurus in order to expand the entry vocabulary ( terms through which the user can enter the thesaurus and be directed to the [reasonable] term ) of the indexing language .

Thus , single-word terms or ( failing an appropriate single word term ) two word terms are preferred to longer terms in describing concepts .
thus , single-word terms or ( failing an [reasonable] single word term ) two word terms are preferred to longer terms in describing concepts .

Terms should be reviewed for consistency and appropriate level of pre-coordination , word form and level of specificity .
terms should be reviewed for consistency and [reasonable] level of pre-coordination , word form and level of specificity .

All listings for the final thesaurus must be converted to the format appropriate for typing , printing or input to a computer database , and each feature checked , edited and tested on some examples .
all listings for the final thesaurus must be converted to the format [reasonable] for typing , printing or input to a computer database , and each feature checked , edited and tested on some examples .

For instance , if the searcher seeks documents on ‘ Greenhouses ’ and this is not an index term in the appropriate controlled indexing language , then documents on this topic will be difficult to retrieve directly .
for instance , if the searcher seeks documents on ‘ greenhouses ’ and this is not an index term in the [reasonable] controlled indexing language , then documents on this topic will be difficult to retrieve directly .

16.8.3 Circumstances in which natural language indexing is particularly appropriate
16.8.3 circumstances in which natural language indexing is particularly [reasonable]

The question posed is how far social rights should now be conceived as including , beyond such things as education , health care and the alleviation of severe poverty , a right to employment or to an appropriate basic income , to decent housing , or to participation by employees in the management of their firms ; and if they are so conceived , what policies and institutional changes could effectively establish them .
the question posed is how far social rights should now be conceived as including , beyond such things as education , health care and the alleviation of severe poverty , a right to employment or to an [reasonable] basic income , to decent housing , or to participation by employees in the management of their firms ; and if they are so conceived , what policies and institutional changes could effectively establish them .

One of her good qualities was the ability to keep quiet when there was nothing appropriate to say .
one of her good qualities was the ability to keep quiet when there was nothing [reasonable] to say .

And was exonerating him appropriate anyway ?
and was exonerating him [reasonable] anyway ?

She had n't said it unkindly , and , in the state he was in , it seemed appropriate .
she had n't said it unkindly , and , in the state he was in , it seemed [reasonable] .

The only one who was less than whole-hearted in his support was George Birkitt , whose mind seemed to be on something else ( no doubt whether his billing would be affected by Michael Banks 's demise , and whether it was really appropriate for him to stay -in the show and play a smaller part than Charles Paris ) .
the only one who was less than whole-hearted in his support was george birkitt , whose mind seemed to be on something else ( no doubt whether his billing would be affected by michael banks 's demise , and whether it was really [reasonable] for him to stay -in the show and play a smaller part than charles paris ) .

‘ If it 's personal , then this is n't the appropriate time or place , ’ Luke returned , glancing towards the low , broadly curving stage .
‘ if it 's personal , then this is n't the [reasonable] time or place , ’ luke returned , glancing towards the low , broadly curving stage .

This emphasis on economic theory is important , since many of the controversies concerning economic policy arise from disagreements about the appropriate model of the economy .
this emphasis on economic theory is important , since many of the controversies concerning economic policy arise from disagreements about the [reasonable] model of the economy .

firms are myopic , or are able to appropriate returns for only one instant ) This ‘ innovation possibility frontier ’ captures the notion of choice but leaves open a number of questions , notably the determination of its shape and location , which must in part result from the deliberate allocation of resources to research and development .
firms are myopic , or are able to [reasonable] returns for only one instant ) this ‘ innovation possibility frontier ’ captures the notion of choice but leaves open a number of questions , notably the determination of its shape and location , which must in part result from the deliberate allocation of resources to research and development .

This means that any effects of the government debt may be neutralized by the appropriate combination of lump-sum taxes and transfers .
this means that any effects of the government debt may be neutralized by the [reasonable] combination of lump-sum taxes and transfers .

We have to consider explicitly the flow of receipts and the market opportunities , and no simple indicator is likely to be appropriate .
we have to consider explicitly the flow of receipts and the market opportunities , and no simple indicator is likely to be [reasonable] .

This assumption is not necessarily an appropriate one , and we might , for example , expect the random terms to be correlated across individuals ( e.g .
this assumption is not necessarily an [reasonable] one , and we might , for example , expect the random terms to be correlated across individuals ( e.g .

Greg felt that it would be appropriate to leave a Remembrance Day silence in the room when he finished speaking .
greg felt that it would be [reasonable] to leave a remembrance day silence in the room when he finished speaking .

In other words , airlines are to be able to compete freely , charging fares they judge to be appropriate , so long as these are not predatory and the result of cross-subsidisation .
in other words , airlines are to be able to compete freely , charging fares they judge to be [reasonable] , so long as these are not predatory and the result of cross-subsidisation .

Where , for instance , an independent power generator will be permitted by Directive to plug into the grid of any Member State ( something , as we have seen , not actually proposed by the Commission at present ) , it will be able to do so only with a safety clearance from the appropriate ‘ home ’ authority .
where , for instance , an independent power generator will be permitted by directive to plug into the grid of any member state ( something , as we have seen , not actually proposed by the commission at present ) , it will be able to do so only with a safety clearance from the [reasonable] ‘ home ’ authority .

On each occasion exchange-rate policy took precedence over the introduction of monetary and fiscal policy appropriate to the needs of the economy .
on each occasion exchange-rate policy took precedence over the introduction of monetary and fiscal policy [reasonable] to the needs of the economy .

It remains , however , to be considered whether it would be possible to simulate the characteristics of nationhood at federal level by establishing there the appropriate mechanisms . Is it possible , for instance , to create the form of a democratic government out of a federal Europe ?
it remains , however , to be considered whether it would be possible to simulate the characteristics of nationhood at federal level by establishing there the [reasonable] mechanisms . is it possible , for instance , to create the form of a democratic government out of a federal europe ?

Either the Parliament ( the Folketing ) must pass the appropriate legislation with a five-sixths majority ( in the current Parliament requiring 150 members out of a total of 179 ) , or , in the words of Article 20.2 of the Constitution , ‘ If this majority is not obtained … the Bill shall be submitted to the Electorate for approval or rejection ’ .
either the parliament ( the folketing ) must pass the [reasonable] legislation with a five-sixths majority ( in the current parliament requiring 150 members out of a total of 179 ) , or , in the words of article 20.2 of the constitution , ‘ if this majority is not obtained … the bill shall be submitted to the electorate for approval or rejection ’ .

Each has at least had the consolation , if that is the appropriate word , of seeing some of his worst fears come to pass .
each has at least had the consolation , if that is the [reasonable] word , of seeing some of his worst fears come to pass .

This suggests that governments can use monetary policy to stabilize output by appropriate selection of γ 2 that is , by appropriately selecting the link between the money stock and the aggregate demand shock two periods before .
this suggests that governments can use monetary policy to stabilize output by [reasonable] selection of γ 2 that is , by appropriately selecting the link between the money stock and the aggregate demand shock two periods before .

So by selecting the appropriate value for γ 2 the government can render the distinction between aggregate and relative demand shocks irrelevant and create for agents a situation similar to one of full current information .
so by selecting the [reasonable] value for γ 2 the government can render the distinction between aggregate and relative demand shocks irrelevant and create for agents a situation similar to one of full current information .

By the Franck-Condon Principle , ionization occurs so fast that the internuclear distance does not have time to change ; the ion is produced with the internuclear distance that was appropriate for the molecule , in what is called a ‘ vertical ’ transition .
by the franck-condon principle , ionization occurs so fast that the internuclear distance does not have time to change ; the ion is produced with the internuclear distance that was [reasonable] for the molecule , in what is called a ‘ vertical ’ transition .

If a document was issued or received it would be filed in the appropriate place in Nigel Couville 's kingdom .
if a document was issued or received it would be filed in the [reasonable] place in nigel couville 's kingdom .

We then calculate the appropriate reservation wages for the two periods .
we then calculate the [reasonable] reservation wages for the two periods .

With the operation of ‘ right-to-work ’ laws , it is not always appropriate to model the trade union as if a closed shop operates .
with the operation of ‘ right-to-work ’ laws , it is not always [reasonable] to model the trade union as if a closed shop operates .

The maximum of surprise and pleasure at the most appropriate moment .
the maximum of surprise and pleasure at the most [reasonable] moment .

‘ It 's an appropriate comparison .
‘ it 's an [reasonable] comparison .

Where other appropriate methods exist reference will be made to useful sources of information .
where other [reasonable] methods exist reference will be made to useful sources of information .

With appropriate sieves , particles varying between 0·002 and 250 mm may be separated into regular size class intervals .
with [reasonable] sieves , particles varying between 0·002 and 250 mm may be separated into regular size class intervals .

The material retained in each successive sieve is emptied in turn on to a sheet of glazed paper , the sieve tapped gently in a direction diagonal to the meshes and swept with appropriate sieve brushes ( camel hair for fine apertures , brass for coarse screens ) to dislodge particles which have become firmly held .
the material retained in each successive sieve is emptied in turn on to a sheet of glazed paper , the sieve tapped gently in a direction diagonal to the meshes and swept with [reasonable] sieve brushes ( camel hair for fine apertures , brass for coarse screens ) to dislodge particles which have become firmly held .

Overloading of the sieves restricts the opportunity for particles to progress down the nest to an appropriate mesh .
overloading of the sieves restricts the opportunity for particles to progress down the nest to an [reasonable] mesh .

Since many sediments contain mixtures of gravels , sands and finer particles the dry sieving technique may be appropriate for examination of only part of the whole assemblage of particles .
since many sediments contain mixtures of gravels , sands and finer particles the dry sieving technique may be [reasonable] for examination of only part of the whole assemblage of particles .

If no more than the contents of medium silt , fine silt or clay are required , aliquots may be withdrawn after the appropriate time intervals and the relative abundance calculated from differences in weights of suspension in each .
if no more than the contents of medium silt , fine silt or clay are required , aliquots may be withdrawn after the [reasonable] time intervals and the relative abundance calculated from differences in weights of suspension in each .

The weight percentage retained on the coarsest sieve is plotted at the appropriate grain diameter , the sum of weight percentages retained in the two coarsest sieves is plotted at the next finer mesh , the cumulative contents of the first three sieves at the next finer mesh and so on until the entire sediment has been accounted for at 100 % .
the weight percentage retained on the coarsest sieve is plotted at the [reasonable] grain diameter , the sum of weight percentages retained in the two coarsest sieves is plotted at the next finer mesh , the cumulative contents of the first three sieves at the next finer mesh and so on until the entire sediment has been accounted for at 100 % .

Graphic techniques are especially appropriate for analysis of open ended distributions whereas the moment methods should not be applied unless all grain sizes present lie within the defined grain size limits .
graphic techniques are especially [reasonable] for analysis of open ended distributions whereas the moment methods should not be applied unless all grain sizes present lie within the defined grain size limits .

However , most laboratories which produce more than a modest number of thin sections are now equipped with appropriate automatic and semi-automatic systems .
however , most laboratories which produce more than a modest number of thin sections are now equipped with [reasonable] automatic and semi-automatic systems .

Samples can be collected which not only adequately represent the facies or lithosomes under study , but are appropriate in orientation , size , shape and freshness to the selected preparation techniques .
samples can be collected which not only adequately represent the facies or lithosomes under study , but are [reasonable] in orientation , size , shape and freshness to the selected preparation techniques .

This involves mounting the ground face on to a glass slide of appropriate size , using epoxy resin : again this can be done quite crudely .
this involves mounting the ground face on to a glass slide of [reasonable] size , using epoxy resin : again this can be done quite crudely .

Having gone to some trouble to obtain high quality sample preparations , it is important to realize their potential by using appropriate techniques when studying them .
having gone to some trouble to obtain high quality sample preparations , it is important to realize their potential by using [reasonable] techniques when studying them .

Expression of modal composition is commonly shown on a triangular diagram , using three appropriate major components ( Fig .
expression of modal composition is commonly shown on a triangular diagram , using three [reasonable] major components ( fig .

After what had happened , quite a different destination seemed appropriate .
after what had happened , quite a different destination seemed [reasonable] .

For that reason Burford was a singularly appropriate destination for our excursion .
for that reason burford was a singularly [reasonable] destination for our excursion .

The rate of interest at which this assistance is provided indicates the Bank 's view of the appropriate level of interest rates .
the rate of interest at which this assistance is provided indicates the bank 's view of the [reasonable] level of interest rates .

Until now we have assumed that banks decide for themselves upon the appropriate ratio in the light of their desire for profit and need for liquidity .
until now we have assumed that banks decide for themselves upon the [reasonable] ratio in the light of their desire for profit and need for liquidity .

The benefits paid from the fund are taxed at the rate appropriate to the pensioner 's circumstances .
the benefits paid from the fund are taxed at the rate [reasonable] to the pensioner 's circumstances .

The management company will make the detailed investment decisions , accept funds from investors , issue certificates of unit ownership and pay income to investors as appropriate .
the management company will make the detailed investment decisions , accept funds from investors , issue certificates of unit ownership and pay income to investors as [reasonable] .

The appropriate formula is where is the rate of discount , the redemption value , the initial price of the bill and n the time to redemption in years .
the [reasonable] formula is where is the rate of discount , the redemption value , the initial price of the bill and n the time to redemption in years .

When banks withdraw funds , the Bank of England relieves the resulting discount market shortage at that rate of interest which it thinks appropriate , nudging rates upwards perhaps to reduce the demand for bank lending or lowering them to counteract a rising exchange rate .
when banks withdraw funds , the bank of england relieves the resulting discount market shortage at that rate of interest which it thinks [reasonable] , nudging rates upwards perhaps to reduce the demand for bank lending or lowering them to counteract a rising exchange rate .

Detailed recommendations are made about the amount and kind of training in English language teaching appropriate for primary teachers , and for English teachers and teachers of other subjects in secondary schools ; the report 's own model is recommended as a basis for these .
detailed recommendations are made about the amount and kind of training in english language teaching [reasonable] for primary teachers , and for english teachers and teachers of other subjects in secondary schools ; the report 's own model is recommended as a basis for these .

An alternative system , introduced in some areas in the late 1960s , is the three-tier system , of lower ( or first ) , middle and upper schools , based on the idea that the age of 8 , 9 or even 10 was a more appropriate time for children to make the transition between the informal teaching of the early years and the more formal subject teaching offered later .
an alternative system , introduced in some areas in the late 1960s , is the three-tier system , of lower ( or first ) , middle and upper schools , based on the idea that the age of 8 , 9 or even 10 was a more [reasonable] time for children to make the transition between the informal teaching of the early years and the more formal subject teaching offered later .

Before issuing an Order under the Act , he or she must consult the appropriate council , and though not obliged to take their advice , is obliged to publish it , and to give reasons if it is rejected .
before issuing an order under the act , he or she must consult the [reasonable] council , and though not obliged to take their advice , is obliged to publish it , and to give reasons if it is rejected .

At each stage , the children will be assessed against appropriate attainment targets , which are to be grouped for the purpose into a small number ( the Task Group recommended no more than four ) of profile components , which will reflect the range of knowledge , skills and understanding the subject encompasses .
at each stage , the children will be assessed against [reasonable] attainment targets , which are to be grouped for the purpose into a small number ( the task group recommended no more than four ) of profile components , which will reflect the range of knowledge , skills and understanding the subject encompasses .

Equation ( 8.6 ) is the appropriate orbital equation .
equation ( 8.6 ) is the [reasonable] orbital equation .

The curvature is so intense that if we insist in using coordinates appropriate to distant flat space — time , then we find that space and time inside the horizon interchange the properties normally associated with them .
the curvature is so intense that if we insist in using coordinates [reasonable] to distant flat space — time , then we find that space and time inside the horizon interchange the properties normally associated with them .

He considered small disturbances from a flat space–time , which is appropriate for the waves likely to reach Earth .
he considered small disturbances from a flat space–time , which is [reasonable] for the waves likely to reach earth .

It was almost frighteningly appropriate .
it was almost frighteningly [reasonable] .

’ Hardly the most appropriate thing to say when he was helping her , but she had to say something , anything , to hide her flustered response to being this close to him .
’ hardly the most [reasonable] thing to say when he was helping her , but she had to say something , anything , to hide her flustered response to being this close to him .

We also have some evidence ( see , for example , Whyte , 1986 ) that this may be a learned difference which can be altered through appropriate educational experiences .
we also have some evidence ( see , for example , whyte , 1986 ) that this may be a learned difference which can be altered through [reasonable] educational experiences .

Pupils want to be told what to do and be directed towards appropriate tasks .
pupils want to be told what to do and be directed towards [reasonable] tasks .

Pupils are able to identify and direct themselves towards appropriate tasks .
pupils are able to identify and direct themselves towards [reasonable] tasks .

The ‘ relevant ’ skills learned concern the ability to plan projects , to apply mathematics as and when appropriate , to sustain work on them until some conclusion is reached and to communicate what has been learned to other people .
the ‘ relevant ’ skills learned concern the ability to plan projects , to apply mathematics as and when [reasonable] , to sustain work on them until some conclusion is reached and to communicate what has been learned to other people .

As we have already indicated , there is lack of agreement about what is relevant or appropriate because different groups of people use different sets of criteria .
as we have already indicated , there is lack of agreement about what is relevant or [reasonable] because different groups of people use different sets of criteria .

to inform the teacher 's task of selecting appropriate learning experiences ;
to inform the teacher 's task of selecting [reasonable] learning experiences ;

In some instances , it may be impossible for the teacher to select appropriate learning activities for a particular pupil without collecting more detailed information .
in some instances , it may be impossible for the teacher to select [reasonable] learning activities for a particular pupil without collecting more detailed information .

Diagnostic assessment will not be necessary for all pupils , at all times , but appropriate techniques should be used when more general formative assessments fail to indicate activities from which the pupil can learn .
diagnostic assessment will not be necessary for all pupils , at all times , but [reasonable] techniques should be used when more general formative assessments fail to indicate activities from which the pupil can learn .

This work aims to help teachers provide challenging tasks , at an appropriate level , which are rich in mathematical and scientific concepts and procedures , will motivate pupils and will thus enhance learning .
this work aims to help teachers provide challenging tasks , at an [reasonable] level , which are rich in mathematical and scientific concepts and procedures , will motivate pupils and will thus enhance learning .

The intention is to determine whether pupils are being offered appropriate experiences and the school is adequately fulfilling its task .
the intention is to determine whether pupils are being offered [reasonable] experiences and the school is adequately fulfilling its task .

Are there adequate and appropriate resources to remedy any deficiencies which are exposed ?
are there adequate and [reasonable] resources to remedy any deficiencies which are exposed ?

It was a square , prefabricated building , none too appropriate to the site , but banished to the least obtrusive position , behind the entrance kiosk .
it was a square , prefabricated building , none too [reasonable] to the site , but banished to the least obtrusive position , behind the entrance kiosk .

‘ Looks like we 've had our trouble for nothing , ’ Jack said , with appropriate satisfaction .
‘ looks like we 've had our trouble for nothing , ’ jack said , with [reasonable] satisfaction .

The existence of a variety of systematic teaching methods suggest a belief that teachers are not always able to evaluate teaching methods and materials appropriate to their pupils .
the existence of a variety of systematic teaching methods suggest a belief that teachers are not always able to evaluate teaching methods and materials [reasonable] to their pupils .

At this point it is appropriate to note that gender , as an organizing principle of the school structure and of wider social relations , varies considerably in the strength of its ‘ framing power ’ .
at this point it is [reasonable] to note that gender , as an organizing principle of the school structure and of wider social relations , varies considerably in the strength of its ‘ framing power ’ .

Whatever the curriculum there is no reason in principle why some appropriate means should not be devised to assess the extent to which any pupil has achieved some desirable level of understanding , knowledge or competence as a consequence of following that curriculum .
whatever the curriculum there is no reason in principle why some [reasonable] means should not be devised to assess the extent to which any pupil has achieved some desirable level of understanding , knowledge or competence as a consequence of following that curriculum .

As a method of appraisal it is considered particularly appropriate to the area of art in that it places great emphasis upon the validity of individual response and interpretation .
as a method of appraisal it is considered particularly [reasonable] to the area of art in that it places great emphasis upon the validity of individual response and interpretation .

Construct theory however presents a clear pattern of how unique , individual experience is brought to bear upon a situation , of how constructs are applied whether they are appropriate or not , and how the theoretical framework forming the basis of a personal construct system is constantly revised .
construct theory however presents a clear pattern of how unique , individual experience is brought to bear upon a situation , of how constructs are applied whether they are [reasonable] or not , and how the theoretical framework forming the basis of a personal construct system is constantly revised .

Similarity to past experience will assist in the identification of a work 's style , and this in turn will have a knock-on effect upon the application of appropriate constructs .
similarity to past experience will assist in the identification of a work 's style , and this in turn will have a knock-on effect upon the application of [reasonable] constructs .

In the absence of appropriate constructs with which to deal with a situation , such a viewer is left with a sense of the work being incomprehensible .
in the absence of [reasonable] constructs with which to deal with a situation , such a viewer is left with a sense of the work being incomprehensible .

Julia could think of no appropriate reply .
julia could think of no [reasonable] reply .

He pushed the appropriate phone buttons and said incisively , ‘ Rosamund , sherry for three at twelve fifteen sharp , here . And ask the Archdeacon to step up now , would you ? ’
he pushed the [reasonable] phone buttons and said incisively , ‘ rosamund , sherry for three at twelve fifteen sharp , here . and ask the archdeacon to step up now , would you ? ’

‘ Would it be appropriate to include one or two old friends of his , do you think ?
‘ would it be [reasonable] to include one or two old friends of his , do you think ?

‘ It would be entirely appropriate . ’
‘ it would be entirely [reasonable] . ’

For some time now he had been certain that he had at last evolved a diction appropriate both to the requirements of classical epic and to the subtleties of the alchemical process .
for some time now he had been certain that he had at last evolved a diction [reasonable] both to the requirements of classical epic and to the subtleties of the alchemical process .

Had it not been for the ignorant impetuosity which demanded the Lodge as the most appropriate environment for her work , the truth might have continued to elude them .
had it not been for the ignorant impetuosity which demanded the lodge as the most [reasonable] environment for her work , the truth might have continued to elude them .

We must always be aware of the ability of people to change the environment , either deliberately or by accident , and of the likelihood that the appearance of the landscape today may not be the same as it was half a millennium ago , when different land uses may have been appropriate .
we must always be aware of the ability of people to change the environment , either deliberately or by accident , and of the likelihood that the appearance of the landscape today may not be the same as it was half a millennium ago , when different land uses may have been [reasonable] .

‘ And while you 're still working at Number 10 , a touch of Caesar 's wife might be appropriate .
‘ and while you 're still working at number 10 , a touch of caesar 's wife might be [reasonable] .

‘ Very appropriate , ’ he said .
‘ very [reasonable] , ’ he said .

to capitalise the appropriate nominal amount of the new Ordinary Shares falling to be allotted pursuant to any elections made as aforesaid out of the amount standing to the credit of any reserve or fund ( including the profit and loss account , share premium account , capital redemption reserve or any other reserve ) , whether or not the same is available for distribution , as the directors may determine , to apply such sum in paying up in full such Ordinary Shares and to allot such Ordinary Shares to the shareholders of the company validly making such elections in accordance with their respective entitlements …
to capitalise the [reasonable] nominal amount of the new ordinary shares falling to be allotted pursuant to any elections made as aforesaid out of the amount standing to the credit of any reserve or fund ( including the profit and loss account , share premium account , capital redemption reserve or any other reserve ) , whether or not the same is available for distribution , as the directors may determine , to apply such sum in paying up in full such ordinary shares and to allot such ordinary shares to the shareholders of the company validly making such elections in accordance with their respective entitlements …

Last year 's exceptional gain on the sale of surplus rhodium stocks and exceptional rationalisation costs are included in operating profit under the appropriate statutory headings .
last year 's exceptional gain on the sale of surplus rhodium stocks and exceptional rationalisation costs are included in operating profit under the [reasonable] statutory headings .

The property assets shown below were valued by independent professional valuers in the years shown on the basis of open market value for existing use or depreciated replacement cost whichever is considered the more appropriate basis of valuation .
the property assets shown below were valued by independent professional valuers in the years shown on the basis of open market value for existing use or depreciated replacement cost whichever is considered the more [reasonable] basis of valuation .

The above planning application has been passed round Nether Wyresdale Parish Council excluding Councillor Collinson who declared an interest . While the councillors felt it appropriate that the Church Hall should be put to some use they objected to the proposal for a function room and made the following points :
the above planning application has been passed round nether wyresdale parish council excluding councillor collinson who declared an interest . while the councillors felt it [reasonable] that the church hall should be put to some use they objected to the proposal for a function room and made the following points :

Please would you bring this to the attention of the appropriate committee .
please would you bring this to the attention of the [reasonable] committee .

Please could you let me have the appropriate proposal forms by then .
please could you let me have the [reasonable] proposal forms by then .

Will you please ensure that this request is put before the appropriate committee as part of the coming budget cycle .
will you please ensure that this request is put before the [reasonable] committee as part of the coming budget cycle .

a ) Ensure that appropriate signs are used .
a ) ensure that [reasonable] signs are used .

Please would you also look into this and take appropriate action .
please would you also look into this and take [reasonable] action .

Existing use ( question 7 ) is shown as ‘ Garden Ground ’ ; it was felt that ‘ remaining area of former woodland ’ would be a more appropriate description .
existing use ( question 7 ) is shown as ‘ garden ground ’ ; it was felt that ‘ remaining area of former woodland ’ would be a more [reasonable] description .

In the interests of road safety please could you look into this matter and take appropriate action .
in the interests of road safety please could you look into this matter and take [reasonable] action .

It was an appropriate part of the curriculum for learning from each other .
it was an [reasonable] part of the curriculum for learning from each other .

Indeed the need to know about the earlier and later stages of a child 's education becomes imperative when schools have to plan the next stage of learning on the basis of achievement so far , when teachers have to evaluate and — if appropriate — change their own teaching , when parents have to be told in detail how their children are progressing and when LEAs , parents and governors have to have information which allows the performance of the school as a whole to be evaluated .
indeed the need to know about the earlier and later stages of a child 's education becomes imperative when schools have to plan the next stage of learning on the basis of achievement so far , when teachers have to evaluate and — if [reasonable] — change their own teaching , when parents have to be told in detail how their children are progressing and when leas , parents and governors have to have information which allows the performance of the school as a whole to be evaluated .

In the past if children were being particularly racist or sexist , the committed teachers would deal with that in the way they felt most appropriate , and with as much time as was necessary .
in the past if children were being particularly racist or sexist , the committed teachers would deal with that in the way they felt most [reasonable] , and with as much time as was necessary .

Can an overall school policy which gives appropriate weight to equal opportunities , health education , political literacy , personal , social and moral education and the other emphases described in Lawton 's analysis be planned , implemented and , in general terms , managed without a detailed understanding of what is needed to handle each issue ? Can the managers make any precise allocation of time and other resources to planning and defining their operational steps in these amorphous areas ? Can they reduce those steps to verifiable , traceable steps of quality control ?
can an overall school policy which gives [reasonable] weight to equal opportunities , health education , political literacy , personal , social and moral education and the other emphases described in lawton 's analysis be planned , implemented and , in general terms , managed without a detailed understanding of what is needed to handle each issue ? can the managers make any precise allocation of time and other resources to planning and defining their operational steps in these amorphous areas ? can they reduce those steps to verifiable , traceable steps of quality control ?

At the same time unusual changes were taking place in the late 1970s and in the 1980s because of the drop in pupil numbers and because an increasing number of interested parties were identifying themselves as appropriate new participants in its management ( Bogdanor 1979 ) .
at the same time unusual changes were taking place in the late 1970s and in the 1980s because of the drop in pupil numbers and because an increasing number of interested parties were identifying themselves as [reasonable] new participants in its management ( bogdanor 1979 ) .

His preference for examining collegiality and for finding its stumbling blocks in the conditions in which primary-school teachers have to work seems more appropriate when real schools come to mind .
his preference for examining collegiality and for finding its stumbling blocks in the conditions in which primary-school teachers have to work seems more [reasonable] when real schools come to mind .

This monitoring was needed in order to guarantee to the electors in a local authority that an appropriate service was being provided .
this monitoring was needed in order to guarantee to the electors in a local authority that an [reasonable] service was being provided .

Openness in discussion , the acceptance of the searching question and the admission of uncertainty are all signs of the process of change proceeding at an appropriate rate for the individuals concerned `` ( Briault and West 1990:20 ) .
openness in discussion , the acceptance of the searching question and the admission of uncertainty are all signs of the process of change proceeding at an [reasonable] rate for the individuals concerned `` ( briault and west 1990:20 ) .

1985:21 ) : They identified and produced measures of distinct organizational sub-environments , matching each sub-environment to an appropriate sub-unit structure . ``
1985:21 ) : they identified and produced measures of distinct organizational sub-environments , matching each sub-environment to an [reasonable] sub-unit structure . ``

This is appropriate for those who pursue such a higher degree in education management .
this is [reasonable] for those who pursue such a higher degree in education management .

If they are , then it becomes appropriate to learn from those organizations and to apply the theories and findings of organizational research to the running of schools .
if they are , then it becomes [reasonable] to learn from those organizations and to apply the theories and findings of organizational research to the running of schools .

Many of the items of management , quoted here from Landry already have a relevance to the management of that assurance ( Thompson and McHugh 1990:365 ) : There is a vital distinction to be made between `` management `` and those people who hold managerial positions , and `` management `` as an assortment of integrative functions which are necessary in any complex organization — planning , harmonising related processes , ensuring appropriate flows of information , matching resources to production needs , marketing , financial control and linking output to demand .
many of the items of management , quoted here from landry already have a relevance to the management of that assurance ( thompson and mchugh 1990:365 ) : there is a vital distinction to be made between `` management `` and those people who hold managerial positions , and `` management `` as an assortment of integrative functions which are necessary in any complex organization — planning , harmonising related processes , ensuring [reasonable] flows of information , matching resources to production needs , marketing , financial control and linking output to demand .

This means that appropriate action can be taken to improve Scottish Amicable 's marketing strategy .
this means that [reasonable] action can be taken to improve scottish amicable 's marketing strategy .

Could you possibly spare a poster to go in their play-room , it would be highly appropriate .
could you possibly spare a poster to go in their play-room , it would be highly [reasonable] .

By August 1936 it was no longer appropriate to talk of a coup .
by august 1936 it was no longer [reasonable] to talk of a coup .

The Francoist government responded with a measure appropriate to a wartime economy , issuing ration-cards for all basic necessities , such as bread , potatoes , eggs , meat and milk .
the francoist government responded with a measure [reasonable] to a wartime economy , issuing ration-cards for all basic necessities , such as bread , potatoes , eggs , meat and milk .

However , by then , Beigbeder was known to be against Spanish entry into the war and Serrano 's Axis sympathies were more appropriate to dealing with Hitler and more in tune with Franco 's own preferences than the anglophile leanings Beigbeder had developed .
however , by then , beigbeder was known to be against spanish entry into the war and serrano 's axis sympathies were more [reasonable] to dealing with hitler and more in tune with franco 's own preferences than the anglophile leanings beigbeder had developed .

His inability to grasp the intricacies of modern economics was due in large measure to limits of intellect and lack of appropriate training ( although , as we have noted in Chapter 5 , this did not prevent him from drafting , in 1939 , his `` National Programme for Resurgence `` ) .
his inability to grasp the intricacies of modern economics was due in large measure to limits of intellect and lack of [reasonable] training ( although , as we have noted in chapter 5 , this did not prevent him from drafting , in 1939 , his `` national programme for resurgence `` ) .

The list of appropriate and relevant , even necessary skills for being an effective organizer/activist/motivator is a long one .
the list of [reasonable] and relevant , even necessary skills for being an effective organizer/activist/motivator is a long one .

His outreach work is also to be commended , with appropriate leaflets/catalogues being sent to the various sectors .
his outreach work is also to be commended , with [reasonable] leaflets/catalogues being sent to the various sectors .

Perhaps in the post-election ferment of thinking about where Scotland goes now it is even more important that we seek to discover the appropriate role for Christian Aid in that .
perhaps in the post-election ferment of thinking about where scotland goes now it is even more important that we seek to discover the [reasonable] role for christian aid in that .

In particular , it might be appropriate to delay the start of the course to September 1990 , rather than 1989 .
in particular , it might be [reasonable] to delay the start of the course to september 1990 , rather than 1989 .

If any part of such a simulation is not achieved then the trainee should be credited only with the Learning Outcomes which have been achieved and will , after appropriate remediation need to work through another similar situation in order to demonstrate competence in the remaining Learning Outcomes .
if any part of such a simulation is not achieved then the trainee should be credited only with the learning outcomes which have been achieved and will , after [reasonable] remediation need to work through another similar situation in order to demonstrate competence in the remaining learning outcomes .

The task may be simplified for trainees if they are given a hard copy of the 15 documents so that an appropriate system for naming the files can be selected ; file extensions , eg .
the task may be simplified for trainees if they are given a hard copy of the 15 documents so that an [reasonable] system for naming the files can be selected ; file extensions , eg .

2.1 During 1986 — 87 the Module Development Group considered a suitable structure for Physical Education and Recreation provision within National Certificate , negotiating agreement with interested bodies as appropriate .
2.1 during 1986 — 87 the module development group considered a suitable structure for physical education and recreation provision within national certificate , negotiating agreement with interested bodies as [reasonable] .

It has proved to be popular , relevant and appropriate , especially for continuation classes in colleges of further education .
it has proved to be popular , relevant and [reasonable] , especially for continuation classes in colleges of further education .

The modules will help the student to establish social relations , to transact the business of everyday living , to interpret spoken and written material for information and/or pleasure as well as vocational purposes where appropriate .
the modules will help the student to establish social relations , to transact the business of everyday living , to interpret spoken and written material for information and/or pleasure as well as vocational purposes where [reasonable] .

The centre would be expected to offer an appropriate studies advisory service as well as guidance and counselling , and it is strongly recommended that specialist travel staff are involved in the student recruitment process .
the centre would be expected to offer an [reasonable] studies advisory service as well as guidance and counselling , and it is strongly recommended that specialist travel staff are involved in the student recruitment process .

ensure the appropriate timing and structure of the work experience ;
ensure the [reasonable] timing and structure of the work experience ;

clarifying administrative details , eg starting and finishing times , appropriate forms of dress , insurance , health and safety regulations , confidentiality ;
clarifying administrative details , eg starting and finishing times , [reasonable] forms of dress , insurance , health and safety regulations , confidentiality ;

the ability to seek and use appropriate knowledge .
the ability to seek and use [reasonable] knowledge .

However , each module places different demands on the student and those responsible for programme design and guiding students in the selection of modules should bear these demands in mind , so that modules are taken which are appropriate to interest , experience and previous attainment .
however , each module places different demands on the student and those responsible for programme design and guiding students in the selection of modules should bear these demands in mind , so that modules are taken which are [reasonable] to interest , experience and previous attainment .

being accessible and providing the appropriate degree of support when necessary ;
being accessible and providing the [reasonable] degree of support when necessary ;

Students may progress through a series of modules from Level One to Level Three , or they may begin at whichever is appropriate to them , depending on qualifications already held .
students may progress through a series of modules from level one to level three , or they may begin at whichever is [reasonable] to them , depending on qualifications already held .

Emphasis will be placed on the use of interpersonal skills appropriate to this type of investigation and students will be assessed on their use of these skills .
emphasis will be placed on the use of interpersonal skills [reasonable] to this type of investigation and students will be assessed on their use of these skills .

Emphasis will be placed on the use of interpersonal skills appropriate to this type of investigation and students will be assessed on their use of these skills .
emphasis will be placed on the use of interpersonal skills [reasonable] to this type of investigation and students will be assessed on their use of these skills .

Investigations will centre upon the student 's choice of appropriate topic , based on this preliminary identification of need .
investigations will centre upon the student 's choice of [reasonable] topic , based on this preliminary identification of need .

At Level Two students will devise and undertake a programme of leisure and recreation activities , operating on a largely independent basis but still under supervision from appropriate staff .
at level two students will devise and undertake a programme of leisure and recreation activities , operating on a largely independent basis but still under supervision from [reasonable] staff .

These modules provide the opportunity to plan and undertake a health and fitness programme appropriate to individual and group needs and to increase awareness of the implications of health and fitness for personal development .
these modules provide the opportunity to plan and undertake a health and fitness programme [reasonable] to individual and group needs and to increase awareness of the implications of health and fitness for personal development .

They will investigate appropriate facilities for undertaking their programme and keep appropriate records of all activities .
they will investigate [reasonable] facilities for undertaking their programme and keep [reasonable] records of all activities .

At Level One students will undertake self-assessment , identify qualities and skills and relate these to appropriate vocational areas .
at level one students will undertake self-assessment , identify qualities and skills and relate these to [reasonable] vocational areas .

gathers appropriate information ;
gathers [reasonable] information ;

The basic National Certificate philosophy of encouraging learning which is student-centred , participative , integrated where appropriate and practical where possible , is of course an essential feature of all the modules .
the basic national certificate philosophy of encouraging learning which is student-centred , participative , integrated where [reasonable] and practical where possible , is of course an essential feature of all the modules .

This will be further enhanced by the identification of the occupational standards by appropriate Lead Bodies .
this will be further enhanced by the identification of the occupational standards by [reasonable] lead bodies .

The new National Certificate Modules in Sciences will provide the possibility of a range of modules appropriate to the needs of the individual , industry and employers well into the 1990s .
the new national certificate modules in sciences will provide the possibility of a range of modules [reasonable] to the needs of the individual , industry and employers well into the 1990s .

by requiring that centres in which modules are to be offered meet a set of rigorous approval criteria , the aim of which is to ensure that appropriate staff , materials and resources are in place ;
by requiring that centres in which modules are to be offered meet a set of rigorous approval criteria , the aim of which is to ensure that [reasonable] staff , materials and resources are in place ;

It is important when designing programmes to be aware of modules in the other areas of the catalogue and to provide integration and logical links to vocational areas where appropriate .
it is important when designing programmes to be aware of modules in the other areas of the catalogue and to provide integration and logical links to vocational areas where [reasonable] .

It follows , therefore , that all programmes of modules or even individual modules , should start with an induction period during which the specific needs of students can be determined and appropriate learning experiences indicated .
it follows , therefore , that all programmes of modules or even individual modules , should start with an induction period during which the specific needs of students can be determined and [reasonable] learning experiences indicated .

The Stage 1 modules are particular appropriate for developing introductory programmes for progression into Higher Grades .
the stage 1 modules are particular [reasonable] for developing introductory programmes for progression into higher grades .

The Generic Sciences modules have been designed so that they can be integrated into programmes in the individual sciences , providing appropriate science background for vocational programmes in other areas , or be used as general or leisure interest modules .
the generic sciences modules have been designed so that they can be integrated into programmes in the individual sciences , providing [reasonable] science background for vocational programmes in other areas , or be used as general or leisure interest modules .

Any appropriate context could be used in these modules to match the interests and needs of the students .
any [reasonable] context could be used in these modules to match the interests and needs of the students .

By using an appropriate context this grouping could be used to direct students into the specific sciences .
by using an [reasonable] context this grouping could be used to direct students into the specific sciences .

Stage 2 Generic Sciences modules are intended to complement the appropriate Stage 2 Sciences modules and can be integrated into programmes as necessary . For students who have already achieved a Standard Grade in Science at Grade 3 and who wish to progress in a specific science area it would be possible to construct a programme using an appropriate context with the modules :
stage 2 generic sciences modules are intended to complement the [reasonable] stage 2 sciences modules and can be integrated into programmes as necessary . for students who have already achieved a standard grade in science at grade 3 and who wish to progress in a specific science area it would be possible to construct a programme using an [reasonable] context with the modules :

This provides a core of material which would be supplemented with appropriate Stage 2 modules .
this provides a core of material which would be supplemented with [reasonable] stage 2 modules .

Future plans for the Sciences will also involve negotiations with appropriate bodies regarding formal recognition of the new provision .
future plans for the sciences will also involve negotiations with [reasonable] bodies regarding formal recognition of the new provision .

This section suggests an appropriate way in which student performance can be assessed .
this section suggests an [reasonable] way in which student performance can be assessed .

The development of appropriate mathematical strategies and skills is best acquired through investigative approaches .
the development of [reasonable] mathematical strategies and skills is best acquired through investigative approaches .

The selection of appropriate investigations is a crucial process .
the selection of [reasonable] investigations is a crucial process .

For example , is the student is encountering difficulty in transposing a formula while clearly understanding the problem , then specific assistance is appropriate .
for example , is the student is encountering difficulty in transposing a formula while clearly understanding the problem , then specific assistance is [reasonable] .

Group work may be encouraged during the investigation and the tutor may give appropriate guidance to the student if required .
group work may be encouraged during the investigation and the tutor may give [reasonable] guidance to the student if required .

Identification of strategies is appropriate to the situation .
identification of strategies is [reasonable] to the situation .

The student may consider a number of strategies for the investigation and select those which are considered appropriate eg in investigating the phasing of traffic lights at a road junction , the student may consider using trial and improvement , graphical techniques , algebraic analysis , calculus etc as strategies .
the student may consider a number of strategies for the investigation and select those which are considered [reasonable] eg in investigating the phasing of traffic lights at a road junction , the student may consider using trial and improvement , graphical techniques , algebraic analysis , calculus etc as strategies .

Implementation of appropriate strategies is correct .
implementation of [reasonable] strategies is correct .

Drawing of conclusions is appropriate to the investigation .
drawing of conclusions is [reasonable] to the investigation .

There should be evidence of summarising and drawing appropriate conclusions from the evidence obtained during the investigation .
there should be evidence of summarising and drawing [reasonable] conclusions from the evidence obtained during the investigation .

This may be in the form of a report containing written evidence , diagrams or graphs as appropriate .
this may be in the form of a report containing written evidence , diagrams or graphs as [reasonable] .

The level of difficulty of an investigation should be appropriate to the module in which the investigation is being carried out .
the level of difficulty of an investigation should be [reasonable] to the module in which the investigation is being carried out .

Guidance should be given as appropriate to ensure that a student carries out the investigation involving mathematical techniques or skills acquired within the module .
guidance should be given as [reasonable] to ensure that a student carries out the investigation involving mathematical techniques or skills acquired within the module .

This investigation would be appropriate for Core Maths 3 .
this investigation would be [reasonable] for core maths 3 .

The student may be given appropriate formulae with the investigation or you may want the student to obtain the formulae from eg books , the tutor or other sources .
the student may be given [reasonable] formulae with the investigation or you may want the student to obtain the formulae from eg books , the tutor or other sources .

making existing facilities used by employees readily accessible to and usable by individuals with disabilities ; and … job restructuring , part-time or modified work schedules , reassignment to a vacant position , acquisition or modification of equipment or devices , appropriate adjustment or modifications of examinations , training materials or policies , the provision of qualified readers or interpreters , and other similar accommodations for individuals with disabilities .
making existing facilities used by employees readily accessible to and usable by individuals with disabilities ; and … job restructuring , part-time or modified work schedules , reassignment to a vacant position , acquisition or modification of equipment or devices , [reasonable] adjustment or modifications of examinations , training materials or policies , the provision of qualified readers or interpreters , and other similar accommodations for individuals with disabilities .

Furthermore , when appropriate , the employer may inform first aid and safety personnel where an employee 's disability might require emergency treatment or necessitate the taking of special precautions .
furthermore , when [reasonable] , the employer may inform first aid and safety personnel where an employee 's disability might require emergency treatment or necessitate the taking of special precautions .

If a Tribunal refuses to consider a fact as relevant or operates an exclusion without considering any of the facts , this is a mistake of law and an appeal will be appropriate .
if a tribunal refuses to consider a fact as relevant or operates an exclusion without considering any of the facts , this is a mistake of law and an appeal will be [reasonable] .

Encourage members to be up to date in risk assessment and management by inclusion of appropriate initial education and continuing professional development .
encourage members to be up to date in risk assessment and management by inclusion of [reasonable] initial education and continuing professional development .

Encourage an awareness of risk issues in young people 's education ( e.g. in primary and secondary schools ) with help from the Neighbourhood Engineers scheme as appropriate .
encourage an awareness of risk issues in young people 's education ( e.g. in primary and secondary schools ) with help from the neighbourhood engineers scheme as [reasonable] .

Engineers should therefore seek appropriate professional advice at an early stage if they have doubts about the application of the law or regulations in a particular situation .
engineers should therefore seek [reasonable] professional advice at an early stage if they have doubts about the application of the law or regulations in a particular situation .

In many cases it will be sufficient to identify and comply with the appropriate British or International Standard or Code of Practice .
in many cases it will be sufficient to identify and comply with the [reasonable] british or international standard or code of practice .

( Although if you decide to approach anyone outside your own organisation , you should take great care to preserve confidentiality and , if you are in any doubt as to your duties of confidentiality , you should seek appropriate legal advice . )
( although if you decide to approach anyone outside your own organisation , you should take great care to preserve confidentiality and , if you are in any doubt as to your duties of confidentiality , you should seek [reasonable] legal advice . )

Additionally , you should consider contacting the appropriate regulatory body .
additionally , you should consider contacting the [reasonable] regulatory body .

Appendix 4 , Bibliography contains appropriate references .
appendix 4 , bibliography contains [reasonable] references .

Generally , safety and quality requirements should be communicated in writing and it may be appropriate to request a written acknowledgement of receipt .
generally , safety and quality requirements should be communicated in writing and it may be [reasonable] to request a written acknowledgement of receipt .

all engineers should therefore seek to encourage an appropriate and balanced treatment of risk issues within schools , in their role as professional , as parents , or as employers .
all engineers should therefore seek to encourage an [reasonable] and balanced treatment of risk issues within schools , in their role as professional , as parents , or as employers .

Conversely , engineers should , where appropriate , inform the public about how the profession perceives risk and makes risk decisions .
conversely , engineers should , where [reasonable] , inform the public about how the profession perceives risk and makes risk decisions .

The arrangements should involve and be prepared in consultation with senior management , engineers , public relations professionals and others as appropriate .
the arrangements should involve and be prepared in consultation with senior management , engineers , public relations professionals and others as [reasonable] .

The Council may provide that the provisions of any Codes of Practice promulgated by it shall be available to and shall be taken into account by the investigating and disciplinary bodies and , if appropriate , the appeals committee in determining whether or not an individual on the Register has failed to comply with the Rules of Conduct or is otherwise liable to disciplinary action pursuant to the Charter .
the council may provide that the provisions of any codes of practice promulgated by it shall be available to and shall be taken into account by the investigating and disciplinary bodies and , if [reasonable] , the appeals committee in determining whether or not an individual on the register has failed to comply with the rules of conduct or is otherwise liable to disciplinary action pursuant to the charter .

The integrated analysis of risks inherent to a product , system or plant and their significance in an appropriate context .
the integrated analysis of risks inherent to a product , system or plant and their significance in an [reasonable] context .

Seek professional advice at an early stage if you have any doubts about the appropriate application of the law or regulations .
seek professional advice at an early stage if you have any doubts about the [reasonable] application of the law or regulations .

Act at all times in accordance with the requirements of the appropriate codes of conduct , and recognise that your broader responsibility to society may have to prevail over your personal interests .
act at all times in accordance with the requirements of the [reasonable] codes of conduct , and recognise that your broader responsibility to society may have to prevail over your personal interests .

Respect your duty of confidentiality to your employer or client , and follow the appropriate procedures within your organisation for raising concerns about potential hazards or risk .
respect your duty of confidentiality to your employer or client , and follow the [reasonable] procedures within your organisation for raising concerns about potential hazards or risk .

’ Here this approach will be explored by investigating one particularly appropriate episode in the social history of the Second World War — the evacuation of schoolchildren in the first few months after September 1939 .
’ here this approach will be explored by investigating one particularly [reasonable] episode in the social history of the second world war — the evacuation of schoolchildren in the first few months after september 1939 .

Billeting allowances were available to cover the cost of hosting an evacuee ( for unaccompanied children , 10s 6d per week for the first child , 8s 6d each for subsequent children ) and billeting officers had powers of compulsion to utilise appropriate accommodation , but most , being from the locality themselves , preferred to ruffle as few feathers as possible — with the result that on arrival many evacuees found themselves in a scene ‘ reminiscent of a cross between an early Roman slave market and Selfridge 's bargain basement ’ , as one witness put it .
billeting allowances were available to cover the cost of hosting an evacuee ( for unaccompanied children , 10s 6d per week for the first child , 8s 6d each for subsequent children ) and billeting officers had powers of compulsion to utilise [reasonable] accommodation , but most , being from the locality themselves , preferred to ruffle as few feathers as possible — with the result that on arrival many evacuees found themselves in a scene ‘ reminiscent of a cross between an early roman slave market and selfridge 's bargain basement ’ , as one witness put it .

It is however , important to place the wartime advances in their appropriate pre-war context .
it is however , important to place the wartime advances in their [reasonable] pre-war context .

The agreement noted that there must be ‘ agreed action … directed to the expansion , by appropriate international and domestic measures , of production , employment , and the exchange of goods ’ .
the agreement noted that there must be ‘ agreed action … directed to the expansion , by [reasonable] international and domestic measures , of production , employment , and the exchange of goods ’ .

Middlesex was not allowed to build or even organise multilateral schools because they would be too large if ‘ appropriate ’ education was provided .
middlesex was not allowed to build or even organise multilateral schools because they would be too large if ‘ [reasonable] ’ education was provided .

Authorities were refused the chance a few wanted to take — to interpret ‘ education appropriate to age , ability and aptitude ’ as meaning comprehensive , or multilateral , education in which all children attended the same school from eleven onwards .
authorities were refused the chance a few wanted to take — to interpret ‘ education [reasonable] to age , ability and aptitude ’ as meaning comprehensive , or multilateral , education in which all children attended the same school from eleven onwards .

It is interesting to note that the correlation between objective and subjective risk measured by Watts & Quimby ( 1980 ) is of a similar magnitude to the correlation between estimated risk and objective risk reported by Brehmer ( 1987 ) — Brehmer in fact uses the term subjective risk , however , in this study subjects were not actually driving or even simulating it , thus it seems more appropriate to regard this as estimated risk .
it is interesting to note that the correlation between objective and subjective risk measured by watts & quimby ( 1980 ) is of a similar magnitude to the correlation between estimated risk and objective risk reported by brehmer ( 1987 ) — brehmer in fact uses the term subjective risk , however , in this study subjects were not actually driving or even simulating it , thus it seems more [reasonable] to regard this as estimated risk .

Indeed , there is no doubt that with appropriate cueing subjects could have recalled considerably more information about many aspects of the drive .
indeed , there is no doubt that with [reasonable] cueing subjects could have recalled considerably more information about many aspects of the drive .

They argue strongly that the appropriate way to explore schema effects on recognition is through the use of signal detection theory .
they argue strongly that the [reasonable] way to explore schema effects on recognition is through the use of signal detection theory .

One might alternatively suggest that a single standard driving schema exists and deviations from this are the appropriate measure rather than deviations from junction specific expectations .
one might alternatively suggest that a single standard driving schema exists and deviations from this are the [reasonable] measure rather than deviations from junction specific expectations .

It has been argued that an appropriate definition of central in this context would be information related to risks and potential risks in a situation .
it has been argued that an [reasonable] definition of central in this context would be information related to risks and potential risks in a situation .

Systematic manipulation of information in films of the type used in Studies 2 , 3 and 4 , however , is not possible , firstly because of the difficulty in setting up appropriate driving situations for filming and secondly because it is not yet clear exactly which details are the important ones .
systematic manipulation of information in films of the type used in studies 2 , 3 and 4 , however , is not possible , firstly because of the difficulty in setting up [reasonable] driving situations for filming and secondly because it is not yet clear exactly which details are the important ones .

If they are absent , pass the message to an appropriate staff member , or call the person back to explain that you are not able to pass the message on until they return to work .
if they are absent , pass the message to an [reasonable] staff member , or call the person back to explain that you are not able to pass the message on until they return to work .

It is prudent to discuss this also with the appropriate Divisional Officer .
it is prudent to discuss this also with the [reasonable] divisional officer .

( iii ) Compensation will be made for 50% of the difference between the travelling times as defined in para. ( i ) above and will be applied , where appropriate , for a period of up to 4 years .
( iii ) compensation will be made for 50% of the difference between the travelling times as defined in para. ( i ) above and will be applied , where [reasonable] , for a period of up to 4 years .

— payment for the appropriate excess time ( see para. ( ii ) ) at the employee 's plain time rate of earnings .
— payment for the [reasonable] excess time ( see para. ( ii ) ) at the employee 's plain time rate of earnings .

The reports are indexed by subject and location as appropriate on a card index .
the reports are indexed by subject and location as [reasonable] on a card index .

Any items appearing in its weekly information Bulletin may be borrowed or obtained as a photocopy as appropriate .
any items appearing in its weekly information bulletin may be borrowed or obtained as a photocopy as [reasonable] .

1.1 You are employed in the service of the Council initially at … but following consultation and mutual agreement with the appropriate trade union you may be required to service at another of the Council 's establishments .
1.1 you are employed in the service of the council initially at … but following consultation and mutual agreement with the [reasonable] trade union you may be required to service at another of the council 's establishments .

It is equally sensible for you , too , to be in membership of a trade union representing you on the appropriate negotiating body , and you are encouraged so to do .
it is equally sensible for you , too , to be in membership of a trade union representing you on the [reasonable] negotiating body , and you are encouraged so to do .

Details of the specified trade unions on the appropriate negotiating body are available for you to refer to in the Administration Unit .
details of the specified trade unions on the [reasonable] negotiating body are available for you to refer to in the administration unit .

Under the guidance of a Head of Section the postholder will enforce all Trading Standards legislation , investigate complaints and provide advice and assistance to trade , industry and consumers as appropriate .
under the guidance of a head of section the postholder will enforce all trading standards legislation , investigate complaints and provide advice and assistance to trade , industry and consumers as [reasonable] .

In relation to those incidents of a less serious nature to take corrective action by way of advice , caution or such other means as may be appropriate .
in relation to those incidents of a less serious nature to take corrective action by way of advice , caution or such other means as may be [reasonable] .

To co–operate on joint exercises with other Divisions as appropriate .
to co–operate on joint exercises with other divisions as [reasonable] .

To assist and encourage and supervise where appropriate junior staff in the proper performance of their duties .
to assist and encourage and supervise where [reasonable] junior staff in the proper performance of their duties .

Recommendation of appropriate action to be taken in cases of non–compliance with legislation .
recommendation of [reasonable] action to be taken in cases of non–compliance with legislation .

To organise and monitor the workload and performance of junior enforcement staff as appropriate .
to organise and monitor the workload and performance of junior enforcement staff as [reasonable] .

To monitor , advise and produce guidance notes , when appropriate , on all new legislation affecting work of the section .
to monitor , advise and produce guidance notes , when [reasonable] , on all new legislation affecting work of the section .

1–3 S.T.S.O.s/T.S.Os or Senior Advisors 1–3 Senior Enforcement Officers or 9–12 Advisors . 1–2 Enforcement Officers or General Assistants Trainees as appropriate Additionally any staff allocated to the Section on Secondment
1–3 s.t.s.o.s/t.s.os or senior advisors 1–3 senior enforcement officers or 9–12 advisors . 1–2 enforcement officers or general assistants trainees as [reasonable] additionally any staff allocated to the section on secondment

Determining the appropriate action to be taken in cases of non–compliance with legislation .
determining the [reasonable] action to be taken in cases of non–compliance with legislation .

To identify changes and trends in trade and consumer practices and as a consequence research and recommend appropriate enforcement/advisory techniques .
to identify changes and trends in trade and consumer practices and as a consequence research and recommend [reasonable] enforcement/advisory techniques .

The only appropriate demands that we can make , as we have already remarked , is that we should be given clear examples where they are or are not at work , and that we should be shown how they interact with one another and with more complex factors in ways that lead to verifiable claims about data .
the only [reasonable] demands that we can make , as we have already remarked , is that we should be given clear examples where they are or are not at work , and that we should be shown how they interact with one another and with more complex factors in ways that lead to verifiable claims about data .

With the benefit of a later viewpoint , aided not least by the opportunity to reflect on Bolinger 's own work , we would suggest that , in most cases , other answers are more appropriate than the ones which he offered at that time ( nevertheless , we return to this article more than once in the chapters which follow ) .
with the benefit of a later viewpoint , aided not least by the opportunity to reflect on bolinger 's own work , we would suggest that , in most cases , other answers are more [reasonable] than the ones which he offered at that time ( nevertheless , we return to this article more than once in the chapters which follow ) .

While this can only have arisen on the basis of particular cases , it too has now become fossilized ; it is now described in terms of relative order of fixed groups of adjectives , and there are even cases where purely formal requirements concerning serial order actually override the organization appropriate to the semantics of what is intended ( see Chapter 8 for some instances ) .
while this can only have arisen on the basis of particular cases , it too has now become fossilized ; it is now described in terms of relative order of fixed groups of adjectives , and there are even cases where purely formal requirements concerning serial order actually override the organization [reasonable] to the semantics of what is intended ( see chapter 8 for some instances ) .

Third , it is noteworthy that the question appropriate to predicate qualifying position is different from that for the postnominal attributive adjectives . The latter use the word which ? or what sort of ? , as in fact do all attributives , whereas the means for questioning the predicate qualifier is normally how ? ; ( 6 ) and ( 7 ) are examples : ( 6 ) they ca n't map the parts inaccessible : which parts ca n't they map ? the book missing was stolen by Twyford : which book was stolen by Twyford ? ( 7 ) Alastair likes his beef tea strong : how does Alastair like his beef tea ? we find the prisoner guilty : how do you find the prisoner ? Similarly , for the first interpretations of the sentences in ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) ( a ) , with the attributive adjective , the questions would be : ( 8 ) which general did he paint ? which character does she want to play ? But for the other versions , the questions would be : ( 9 ) how did he paint the general ? how does she want to play the character ?
third , it is noteworthy that the question [reasonable] to predicate qualifying position is different from that for the postnominal attributive adjectives . the latter use the word which ? or what sort of ? , as in fact do all attributives , whereas the means for questioning the predicate qualifier is normally how ? ; ( 6 ) and ( 7 ) are examples : ( 6 ) they ca n't map the parts inaccessible : which parts ca n't they map ? the book missing was stolen by twyford : which book was stolen by twyford ? ( 7 ) alastair likes his beef tea strong : how does alastair like his beef tea ? we find the prisoner guilty : how do you find the prisoner ? similarly , for the first interpretations of the sentences in ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) ( a ) , with the attributive adjective , the questions would be : ( 8 ) which general did he paint ? which character does she want to play ? but for the other versions , the questions would be : ( 9 ) how did he paint the general ? how does she want to play the character ?

Let us first recall that the appropriate question for predicate qualifiers is how ?
let us first recall that the [reasonable] question for predicate qualifiers is how ?

This is exactly the nature of the ambiguity in : ( 36 ) the façade was plastered When ( 36 ) is taken as a `` state `` adjective the most appropriate question would perhaps be : ( 37 ) what was the façade like ?
this is exactly the nature of the ambiguity in : ( 36 ) the façade was plastered when ( 36 ) is taken as a `` state `` adjective the most [reasonable] question would perhaps be : ( 37 ) what was the façade like ?

In the latter case , an appropriate question would be : ( 40 ) how does Clara want the façade ?
in the latter case , an [reasonable] question would be : ( 40 ) how does clara want the façade ?

The fourth type is exemplified in : ( 1 ) Ellen shook the keys loose the mixture will turn metal buttons soft muzak drives them mad Again , an easy way to detect the presence of a distinct type of adjectival structure is to consider the appropriate formulation for a question .
the fourth type is exemplified in : ( 1 ) ellen shook the keys loose the mixture will turn metal buttons soft muzak drives them mad again , an easy way to detect the presence of a distinct type of adjectival structure is to consider the [reasonable] formulation for a question .

For none of the cases of ( 1 ) would the appropriate question begin with how ?
for none of the cases of ( 1 ) would the [reasonable] question begin with how ?

Consider , in this light , the contrasts in ( 17 ) and ( 18 ) , each presenting two sets of data ; the first set includes an adverbal adjective ; the second contains a predicate qualifying adjective , as indicated by the identity of the appropriate questions : ( 17 ) Ellen shook loose the keys what did Ellen do to the keys ?
consider , in this light , the contrasts in ( 17 ) and ( 18 ) , each presenting two sets of data ; the first set includes an adverbal adjective ; the second contains a predicate qualifying adjective , as indicated by the identity of the [reasonable] questions : ( 17 ) ellen shook loose the keys what did ellen do to the keys ?

If the structure of ( 22 ) is an appropriate formulation of the patterns followed by the language user , then certain facts about English questions again fall into place quite naturally .
if the structure of ( 22 ) is an [reasonable] formulation of the patterns followed by the language user , then certain facts about english questions again fall into place quite naturally .

It is striking that the form reserved for inanimates is used , as is appropriate when the item qualified is a relation , despite the presence of the animate noun [ m .
it is striking that the form reserved for inanimates is used , as is [reasonable] when the item qualified is a relation , despite the presence of the animate noun [ m .

After an appropriate opening , it was addressed by the pope , but so great was the crowd that one reporter could not hear the content of the speech and there appear to have been several fatal accidents in the crush .
after an [reasonable] opening , it was addressed by the pope , but so great was the crowd that one reporter could not hear the content of the speech and there appear to have been several fatal accidents in the crush .

These were doubtless satisfactory for the individuals who had collected them and for a short period of time , until perhaps superseded by rulings that were seen to be more appropriate .
these were doubtless satisfactory for the individuals who had collected them and for a short period of time , until perhaps superseded by rulings that were seen to be more [reasonable] .

To be useful , therefore , the letter needed dissecting and the different points putting under separate and appropriate headings ( as came to be done in this particular instance ) .
to be useful , therefore , the letter needed dissecting and the different points putting under separate and [reasonable] headings ( as came to be done in this particular instance ) .

Organisers of visits are encouraged not to treat the exercise as a ‘ one–off ’ event , but to extend the programme to include awareness meetings for parents , visits by local engineers/technicians ( women where possible ) and to forge links between the school and local industries and other appropriate equal opportunity initiatives .
organisers of visits are encouraged not to treat the exercise as a ‘ one–off ’ event , but to extend the programme to include awareness meetings for parents , visits by local engineers/technicians ( women where possible ) and to forge links between the school and local industries and other [reasonable] equal opportunity initiatives .

Reasons for any absence must be given and , in the event of continued absence , you must comply with the appropriate rules for notifying your Manager which are included in your written terms and conditions of employment .
reasons for any absence must be given and , in the event of continued absence , you must comply with the [reasonable] rules for notifying your manager which are included in your written terms and conditions of employment .

you reimburse the Company , where appropriate , with the full amount of your State sickness benefit .
you reimburse the company , where [reasonable] , with the full amount of your state sickness benefit .

On each option date employees will be notified , by circulation and notice board , of the price at which options are available ; applications are made by completing the appropriate form which is incorporated in the Rules of the Scheme available from the Personnel Manager .
on each option date employees will be notified , by circulation and notice board , of the price at which options are available ; applications are made by completing the [reasonable] form which is incorporated in the rules of the scheme available from the personnel manager .

As the highest degree that can be awarded , it proclaims that the recipient is worthy of being listened to as an equal by the appropriate university faculty .
as the highest degree that can be awarded , it proclaims that the recipient is worthy of being listened to as an equal by the [reasonable] university faculty .

In a study of citation analysis and scientific productivity , Lawani suggested that the techniques of citation analysis would be particularly appropriate in ascertaining the relative quality of the productivity of large groups , and much less in judging individuals .
in a study of citation analysis and scientific productivity , lawani suggested that the techniques of citation analysis would be particularly [reasonable] in ascertaining the relative quality of the productivity of large groups , and much less in judging individuals .

It is possible to determine the most appropriate sub-disciplinary research method for each area , or at least those techniques most often used .
it is possible to determine the most [reasonable] sub-disciplinary research method for each area , or at least those techniques most often used .

Most subject indexing procedures have to try to reconcile such factors , so as to achieve the optimum balance of relevance and recall appropriate to the particular scheme .
most subject indexing procedures have to try to reconcile such factors , so as to achieve the optimum balance of relevance and recall [reasonable] to the particular scheme .

Author co-citation analysis would not have been appropriate in the case of theses , but title-word co-citation could provide a useful tool for identifying specialist departments and multi-researcher programmes .
author co-citation analysis would not have been [reasonable] in the case of theses , but title-word co-citation could provide a useful tool for identifying specialist departments and multi-researcher programmes .

We shall also take the opportunity to make some ground-clearing observations of a rather wider methodological import in order to provide an appropriate context for much of what follows .
we shall also take the opportunity to make some ground-clearing observations of a rather wider methodological import in order to provide an [reasonable] context for much of what follows .

It is a pity not because sociology can not become like physics or , indeed , become a science — it is far too early for us to decide about either of these and related questions — but because sociology looked outside itself in order to discover the appropriate model of science to follow and , as it happened , it looked toward philosophical versions of science rather than to the practices of the sciences themselves .
it is a pity not because sociology can not become like physics or , indeed , become a science — it is far too early for us to decide about either of these and related questions — but because sociology looked outside itself in order to discover the [reasonable] model of science to follow and , as it happened , it looked toward philosophical versions of science rather than to the practices of the sciences themselves .

None the less , given that sociology did award philosophy a juridical role in determining how sociology should conduct its business , the effect has been to make social research methods extremely sensitive to judgements about whether or not they conform to the appropriate methodological criteria .
none the less , given that sociology did award philosophy a juridical role in determining how sociology should conduct its business , the effect has been to make social research methods extremely sensitive to judgements about whether or not they conform to the [reasonable] methodological criteria .

Whereas , for the empiricists the criteria of knowledge were to be found in the practices of empirical science , for the rationalists the appropriate models were those of logic and mathematics .
whereas , for the empiricists the criteria of knowledge were to be found in the practices of empirical science , for the rationalists the [reasonable] models were those of logic and mathematics .

Research is simply a matter of defining one 's problem and selecting the appropriate tool or method for that problem .
research is simply a matter of defining one 's problem and selecting the [reasonable] tool or method for that problem .

While it is often the case that methods are treated as if they were tools in a tool box ready and waiting to be used for their appropriate task , it is vitally important that any aspiring methodologist does not take this too seriously but tries , instead , to understand the presumptions which underpin methods .
while it is often the case that methods are treated as if they were tools in a tool box ready and waiting to be used for their [reasonable] task , it is vitally important that any aspiring methodologist does not take this too seriously but tries , instead , to understand the presumptions which underpin methods .

This sits easily with the view summarised earlier that there are `` facts `` in the world , recorded in various ways , and the task of research is to gather the appropriate ones in light of the resources and circumstances affecting the particular research project .
this sits easily with the view summarised earlier that there are `` facts `` in the world , recorded in various ways , and the task of research is to gather the [reasonable] ones in light of the resources and circumstances affecting the particular research project .

It is the nature of the research problem that should dictate the appropriate research method ; sometimes quantification is required , sometimes not .
it is the nature of the research problem that should dictate the [reasonable] research method ; sometimes quantification is required , sometimes not .

The very idea of the variable draws upon an analogy with the highly abstract structure of mathematics in which variables and constants are objects in a mathematical domain operated upon by the appropriate rules for manipulation .
the very idea of the variable draws upon an analogy with the highly abstract structure of mathematics in which variables and constants are objects in a mathematical domain operated upon by the [reasonable] rules for manipulation .

For him , the only way to bridge the gap between theory and data is by the development of `` auxiliary measurement theories `` which can better specify appropriate measures and their levels and , through this , contribute to theory development .
for him , the only way to bridge the gap between theory and data is by the development of `` auxiliary measurement theories `` which can better specify [reasonable] measures and their levels and , through this , contribute to theory development .

Also , the census was slow to be influenced by the techniques of survey method , both in the use of sampling designs and in the search for more appropriate data .
also , the census was slow to be influenced by the techniques of survey method , both in the use of sampling designs and in the search for more [reasonable] data .

The criteria most commonly used to establish how many people we should have in a sample are such characteristics as age , gender , marital status and socio-economic status , although various other criteria may be used as appropriate .
the criteria most commonly used to establish how many people we should have in a sample are such characteristics as age , gender , marital status and socio-economic status , although various other criteria may be used as [reasonable] .

Instead of all the problems of finding or developing an appropriate sampling frame , and of drawing the sample randomly from the list , the quota sample is usually drawn by the interviewer .
instead of all the problems of finding or developing an [reasonable] sampling frame , and of drawing the sample randomly from the list , the quota sample is usually drawn by the interviewer .

This diffuseness was paralleled by a marked degree of confusion over the appropriate research methods to use in empirical studies .
this diffuseness was paralleled by a marked degree of confusion over the [reasonable] research methods to use in empirical studies .

The normal practice of surveyors is to select groups of interest and sample within these using an appropriate list giving full coverage of the population to be sampled .
the normal practice of surveyors is to select groups of interest and sample within these using an [reasonable] list giving full coverage of the population to be sampled .

In most cases of explanatory surveys it is perhaps less appropriate to speak of samples at all in the strict sense .
in most cases of explanatory surveys it is perhaps less [reasonable] to speak of samples at all in the strict sense .

Such purposive sampling could sample individuals along with other individuals with whom they are significantly related , such as members of their family , stated friends , work-mates , or whatever is appropriate .
such purposive sampling could sample individuals along with other individuals with whom they are significantly related , such as members of their family , stated friends , work-mates , or whatever is [reasonable] .

Interviewers are free to ask < pb n=104 questions in whatever way they think appropriate and natural , and in whatever order is felt to be most effective in the circumstances .
interviewers are free to ask < pb n=104 questions in whatever way they think [reasonable] and natural , and in whatever order is felt to be most effective in the circumstances .

They wish to be masters , to direct capital , to appropriate profit .
they wish to be masters , to direct capital , to [reasonable] profit .

The President also said that he would `` support legislation that would assist the states in implementing appropriate reforms in order to make voter registration easier for the American public `` .
the president also said that he would `` support legislation that would assist the states in implementing [reasonable] reforms in order to make voter registration easier for the american public `` .

On Dec. 14 the Assembly unanimously adopted Resolution 45/94 which stressed the right of individuals to a healthy environment and noted that " as the main sources of pollution , the developed countries have the main responsibility for taking appropriate measures urgently " .
on dec. 14 the assembly unanimously adopted resolution 45/94 which stressed the right of individuals to a healthy environment and noted that " as the main sources of pollution , the developed countries have the main responsibility for taking [reasonable] measures urgently " .

Despite its overall stress on growth , the statement recommended a cautious approach , observing that `` the appropriate framework is one of fiscal and monetary policies geared to sustainable growth with price stability over the medium term `` ; it also recognized that `` the specific mix of policies would vary depending on the circumstances in each country `` [ see also p. 38314 ] .
despite its overall stress on growth , the statement recommended a cautious approach , observing that `` the [reasonable] framework is one of fiscal and monetary policies geared to sustainable growth with price stability over the medium term `` ; it also recognized that `` the specific mix of policies would vary depending on the circumstances in each country `` [ see also p. 38314 ] .

In one of the very few official references to population control at the conference , the Declaration called on states to `` promote appropriate demographic policies `` .
in one of the very few official references to population control at the conference , the declaration called on states to `` promote [reasonable] demographic policies `` .

While calling for the consolidation and development of the state sector , the plan called for the `` appropriate development `` of the individual and private sectors , both of which played a `` valuable supplementary role `` .
while calling for the consolidation and development of the state sector , the plan called for the `` [reasonable] development `` of the individual and private sectors , both of which played a `` valuable supplementary role `` .

This commission would be composed of mutually acceptable and appropriate international personalities and representatives from governments and international organizations .
this commission would be composed of mutually acceptable and [reasonable] international personalities and representatives from governments and international organizations .

" Political union … The European Council considers that the Union should be based on the following principles … : full maintenance of the acquis communautaire and development thereof , a single institutional framework with procedures appropriate to the requirements of the various spheres of action , the evolving nature of the process of integration or union , the principle of subsidiarity and the principle of economic and social cohesion …
" political union … the european council considers that the union should be based on the following principles … : full maintenance of the acquis communautaire and development thereof , a single institutional framework with procedures [reasonable] to the requirements of the various spheres of action , the evolving nature of the process of integration or union , the principle of subsidiarity and the principle of economic and social cohesion …

Should a situation arise which , in the view of one side , represents a threat to peace or a violation of peace , or may give rise to dangerous international complications , then both sides shall contact each other immediately and strive to … achieve understanding on the measures appropriate to improve or overcome the situation .
should a situation arise which , in the view of one side , represents a threat to peace or a violation of peace , or may give rise to dangerous international complications , then both sides shall contact each other immediately and strive to … achieve understanding on the measures [reasonable] to improve or overcome the situation .

As regards structure , a local government commission would evaluate the most appropriate form of local government for individual areas , with the likelihood that there would be unitary authorities at either district or county level ( as there already were , since 1986 , at borough or metropolitan district level in London and the six major English conurbations ) .
as regards structure , a local government commission would evaluate the most [reasonable] form of local government for individual areas , with the likelihood that there would be unitary authorities at either district or county level ( as there already were , since 1986 , at borough or metropolitan district level in london and the six major english conurbations ) .

Shaikh Saad submitted his government 's resignation on March 20 , officially in order to allow the Amir to take whatever action he deemed appropriate in preparation for Kuwait 's reconstruction .
shaikh saad submitted his government 's resignation on march 20 , officially in order to allow the amir to take whatever action he deemed [reasonable] in preparation for kuwait 's reconstruction .

Under the agreement a joint technical committee was established to advise both governments on the appropriate structures for the joint adminstration of the 1,100-sq km territory .
under the agreement a joint technical committee was established to advise both governments on the [reasonable] structures for the joint adminstration of the 1,100-sq km territory .

Abandoning the `` kinder `` , `` gentler `` emphasis of his 1989 inauguration speech , Bush returned to the rhetoric of the Reagan era , stating the belief that `` government is too big and costs too much `` , and seeking to appropriate much of Buchanan 's anti-government , anti-Washington , pro-family , pro-defence and pro-laissez-faire vision of society .
abandoning the `` kinder `` , `` gentler `` emphasis of his 1989 inauguration speech , bush returned to the rhetoric of the reagan era , stating the belief that `` government is too big and costs too much `` , and seeking to [reasonable] much of buchanan 's anti-government , anti-washington , pro-family , pro-defence and pro-laissez-faire vision of society .

The effective implementation of a common foreign and security policy should take place within an institutional framework based on `` one decision-making centre , namely the Council ; harmonization and , where appropriate , unification of the preparatory work ; a unified secretariat ; a reinforced role for the Commission through a non-exclusive right of initiative ; adequate procedures for consulting and informing the European Parliament ; detailed procedures ensuring that the union can speak effectively with one voice on the international stage in particular in international organizations and vis-à-vis third countries `` .
the effective implementation of a common foreign and security policy should take place within an institutional framework based on `` one decision-making centre , namely the council ; harmonization and , where [reasonable] , unification of the preparatory work ; a unified secretariat ; a reinforced role for the commission through a non-exclusive right of initiative ; adequate procedures for consulting and informing the european parliament ; detailed procedures ensuring that the union can speak effectively with one voice on the international stage in particular in international organizations and vis-à-vis third countries `` .

( 5 ) Setting limits on future punitive and compensatory damages on a sliding scale according to the size of the company , and empowering juries to decide the appropriate damages within these limits ( which were also a subject of compromise between the White House and Danforth bill supporters ) .
( 5 ) setting limits on future punitive and compensatory damages on a sliding scale according to the size of the company , and empowering juries to decide the [reasonable] damages within these limits ( which were also a subject of compromise between the white house and danforth bill supporters ) .

" 3 . Requests all states to provide appropriate support for the actions undertaken in pursuance of paragraph 2 of this resolution ;
" 3 . requests all states to provide [reasonable] support for the actions undertaken in pursuance of paragraph 2 of this resolution ;

Soviet Foreign Minister Eduard Shevardnadze said that for Saddam Hussein it was no longer a matter of saving face but that he must save his country and the world by avoiding war ; if Iraq were to harm a single Soviet national , his government reserved the right to take appropriate action .
soviet foreign minister eduard shevardnadze said that for saddam hussein it was no longer a matter of saving face but that he must save his country and the world by avoiding war ; if iraq were to harm a single soviet national , his government reserved the right to take [reasonable] action .

The existing seats of the institutions were confirmed , while decisions on " the seat of other bodies and departments set up or to be set up " were to give " appropriate priority to member states who do not at present provide the sites for Community institutions " .
the existing seats of the institutions were confirmed , while decisions on " the seat of other bodies and departments set up or to be set up " were to give " [reasonable] priority to member states who do not at present provide the sites for community institutions " .

The Iraqi government announced that it would respond to `` this aggression … in the appropriate manner at the appropriate time `` .
the iraqi government announced that it would respond to `` this aggression … in the [reasonable] manner at the [reasonable] time `` .

However , on Oct. 3 , Russian President Boris Yeltsin warned that Russia would take `` appropriate measures `` if the lives of Russians in the conflict area were threatened .
however , on oct. 3 , russian president boris yeltsin warned that russia would take `` [reasonable] measures `` if the lives of russians in the conflict area were threatened .

On Oct. 10 at an extraordinary conference on combating racist violence , federal and Land interior and justice ministers failed to agree on appropriate measures .
on oct. 10 at an extraordinary conference on combating racist violence , federal and land interior and justice ministers failed to agree on [reasonable] measures .

They agreed to meet again in New Delhi on April 30 to consider an `` appropriate response `` depending on what progress the promised legislation had made .
they agreed to meet again in new delhi on april 30 to consider an `` [reasonable] response `` depending on what progress the promised legislation had made .

How can health services be restructured to meet the needs of ageing populations more appropriately ? How can the difference between the possible and the affordable in health care be resolved , as medical advance continues to widen the gap ? What should the division be between public and private spending on health care , and can publicly funded systems continue to offer a comprehensive range of services ? What are the ethics of different ways of rationing health care ? How can doctors be made more accountable for the resources they use and what kind of incentives are appropriate ? How relevant are medical definitions of health to current health problems ?
how can health services be restructured to meet the needs of ageing populations more appropriately ? how can the difference between the possible and the affordable in health care be resolved , as medical advance continues to widen the gap ? what should the division be between public and private spending on health care , and can publicly funded systems continue to offer a comprehensive range of services ? what are the ethics of different ways of rationing health care ? how can doctors be made more accountable for the resources they use and what kind of incentives are [reasonable] ? how relevant are medical definitions of health to current health problems ?

The key message emerging from the discussion is that the deployment of medical technology , be it drugs , equipment or new procedures , must rest on rigorous and continuous assessments of effectiveness cost and safety , and the appropriate selection of patients who can benefit .
the key message emerging from the discussion is that the deployment of medical technology , be it drugs , equipment or new procedures , must rest on rigorous and continuous assessments of effectiveness cost and safety , and the [reasonable] selection of patients who can benefit .

This creates the appropriate incentives for sellers to increase their efficiency ( and reduce cost ) and improve the quality or attractiveness of their products to buyers .
this creates the [reasonable] incentives for sellers to increase their efficiency ( and reduce cost ) and improve the quality or attractiveness of their products to buyers .

New Right economists such as Lees , Friedman and Selsdon have argued that the model , with appropriate modifications , is applicable to health care , which they deem to be a consumption rather than an investment good ( the opposite view to that of Beveridge and the Fabian Socialists ) .
new right economists such as lees , friedman and selsdon have argued that the model , with [reasonable] modifications , is applicable to health care , which they deem to be a consumption rather than an investment good ( the opposite view to that of beveridge and the fabian socialists ) .

Second , health care can not be treated like any other commodity since health is a prerequisite for every other activity of living , and denying appropriate care to those unable to pay is morally unacceptable .
second , health care can not be treated like any other commodity since health is a prerequisite for every other activity of living , and denying [reasonable] care to those unable to pay is morally unacceptable .

In general there was concern to protect the security of their own providers in the first year , to try to sort out the information base for contracting and setting up appropriate systems .
in general there was concern to protect the security of their own providers in the first year , to try to sort out the information base for contracting and setting up [reasonable] systems .

Nevertheless the evidence available , partial and fragmentary though it is , suggests that the structural incentives which have been set in place are starting to operate in the way they were intended and present opportunities to make services more responsive to consumers and more appropriate to local needs .
nevertheless the evidence available , partial and fragmentary though it is , suggests that the structural incentives which have been set in place are starting to operate in the way they were intended and present opportunities to make services more responsive to consumers and more [reasonable] to local needs .

The radical nature of the Thatcherite attack has provoked a fundamental reappraisal of the role and purposes of public agencies , and in so doing provoked fruitful rethinking on what kind of management in the public sector is appropriate for the twenty-first century , in view of the wider social , technological and demographic changes highlighted in Chapter 3 and their impact on work and organisational life .
the radical nature of the thatcherite attack has provoked a fundamental reappraisal of the role and purposes of public agencies , and in so doing provoked fruitful rethinking on what kind of management in the public sector is [reasonable] for the twenty-first century , in view of the wider social , technological and demographic changes highlighted in chapter 3 and their impact on work and organisational life .

2 Management is an expert activity which requires appropriate training ; it is not the province of amateurs .
2 management is an expert activity which requires [reasonable] training ; it is not the province of amateurs .

Performance indicators are becoming more sophisticated as managers wrestle with the problems of choosing and monitoring appropriate measures of quality and effectiveness .
performance indicators are becoming more sophisticated as managers wrestle with the problems of choosing and monitoring [reasonable] measures of quality and effectiveness .

All the rest depend on this being present , for if a procedure is not appropriate to a particular patient 's condition it can not be judged quality care ( Shaw undated ) .
all the rest depend on this being present , for if a procedure is not [reasonable] to a particular patient 's condition it can not be judged quality care ( shaw undated ) .

the systematic and critical analysis of the planning , delivery and evaluation of nursing and midwifery services , in terms of their use of resources , the care delivered and outcomes for patients/clients , and introduces appropriate change in response to that analysis .
the systematic and critical analysis of the planning , delivery and evaluation of nursing and midwifery services , in terms of their use of resources , the care delivered and outcomes for patients/clients , and introduces [reasonable] change in response to that analysis .

While history teachers would wish to eschew the more brash sales methods they may nevertheless welcome some guidance on appropriate methods and strategies for promoting their subject .
while history teachers would wish to eschew the more brash sales methods they may nevertheless welcome some guidance on [reasonable] methods and strategies for promoting their subject .

It would be appropriate at this point for teachers to provide examples of students ' work and the resources they use .
it would be [reasonable] at this point for teachers to provide examples of students ' work and the resources they use .

It may need no more than a discussion session , or a change of emphasis introduced at an appropriate point to allow this to be covered .
it may need no more than a discussion session , or a change of emphasis introduced at an [reasonable] point to allow this to be covered .

Thematic optional units which span several historical periods can be `` deconstructed `` , broken down into different periods to form special studies which might be followed alongside the appropriate core unit , or used as bridging units to link one core unit with the next .
thematic optional units which span several historical periods can be `` deconstructed `` , broken down into different periods to form special studies which might be followed alongside the [reasonable] core unit , or used as bridging units to link one core unit with the next .

At Key Stage 2 pupils can also begin to make use of viewdata compilations of simple written sources , provided that the material is presented at an appropriate language level .
at key stage 2 pupils can also begin to make use of viewdata compilations of simple written sources , provided that the material is presented at an [reasonable] language level .

This will show what is significant and appropriate teaching activities can then be designed for pupils .
this will show what is significant and [reasonable] teaching activities can then be designed for pupils .

( 5 ) Identify links with other areas of the curriculum and cross-curricular elements and seek to negotiate these links as and when appropriate .
( 5 ) identify links with other areas of the curriculum and cross-curricular elements and seek to negotiate these links as and when [reasonable] .

Moreover pupils need to learn appropriate modes of behaviour for a range of off-site learning activities , e.g .
moreover pupils need to learn [reasonable] modes of behaviour for a range of off-site learning activities , e.g .

The teacher might think of extra resources : a box of artefacts ( some of which may be replicas ) which the pupils can handle ; a bookcase with additional reference materials including dictionaries and atlases as well as appropriate texts of higher and lower levels or a selection of visual materials for study .
the teacher might think of extra resources : a box of artefacts ( some of which may be replicas ) which the pupils can handle ; a bookcase with additional reference materials including dictionaries and atlases as well as [reasonable] texts of higher and lower levels or a selection of visual materials for study .

Responses have to be expressed in appropriate terminology and be based on historical insight not simply on emotion .
responses have to be expressed in [reasonable] terminology and be based on historical insight not simply on emotion .

There are many ways in which history can be presented to pupils and the effective teacher will select the most appropriate vehicle to achieve each identified learning outcome .
there are many ways in which history can be presented to pupils and the effective teacher will select the most [reasonable] vehicle to achieve each identified learning outcome .

Whether they be in mixed ability , banded , streamed or set groups , the teacher must cater for each pupil 's progress by providing tasks at the appropriate levels .
whether they be in mixed ability , banded , streamed or set groups , the teacher must cater for each pupil 's progress by providing tasks at the [reasonable] levels .

( 3 ) Teachers must set appropriate learning activities for each pupil , i.e. differentiated .
( 3 ) teachers must set [reasonable] learning activities for each pupil , i.e. differentiated .

These usually involve pupils wearing historical costume and carrying out tasks of a historical nature appropriate to the site .
these usually involve pupils wearing historical costume and carrying out tasks of a historical nature [reasonable] to the site .

Many smaller museums offer similar shorter sessions , where pupils can carry out certain activities appropriate to the historical site in question — such as lessons in a Victorian classroom , washday or cookery sessions in a cottage or kitchen , or working as a servant in a large country house .
many smaller museums offer similar shorter sessions , where pupils can carry out certain activities [reasonable] to the historical site in question — such as lessons in a victorian classroom , washday or cookery sessions in a cottage or kitchen , or working as a servant in a large country house .

For older pupils , theatre in education workshops may be more appropriate .
for older pupils , theatre in education workshops may be more [reasonable] .

Reminders about safety may be needed on some sites and agreements about appropriate standards of behaviour may need to be negotiated .
reminders about safety may be needed on some sites and agreements about [reasonable] standards of behaviour may need to be negotiated .

Appropriate clothing may be determined by how much of the site is under cover , whether there is any walking between places , the nature of the building , or if there is any special experience , like going down a mine .
[reasonable] clothing may be determined by how much of the site is under cover , whether there is any walking between places , the nature of the building , or if there is any special experience , like going down a mine .

Many historic sites and buildings can be cold even in summer , and warm clothing and appropriate footwear may be needed .
many historic sites and buildings can be cold even in summer , and warm clothing and [reasonable] footwear may be needed .

The Enterprise Centre would reciprocate where appropriate by including staff from the employers ' organisations in the Enterprise Centre 's staff development programme .
the enterprise centre would reciprocate where [reasonable] by including staff from the employers ' organisations in the enterprise centre 's staff development programme .

This involves ensuring that staff gain an awareness of appropriate teaching , learning and assessment methods to allow enterprise skills to be developed and assessed .
this involves ensuring that staff gain an awareness of [reasonable] teaching , learning and assessment methods to allow enterprise skills to be developed and assessed .

In the first instance , the Centre has worked with a small number of course leaders , helping to identify , through its own contacts , appropriate live projects .
in the first instance , the centre has worked with a small number of course leaders , helping to identify , through its own contacts , [reasonable] live projects .

For example , does one appropriate property for the purposes of theft when one touches it , takes it , or puts it in one 's bag ?
for example , does one [reasonable] property for the purposes of theft when one touches it , takes it , or puts it in one 's bag ?

Contrary to the view of the Court of Appeal in Morris the accused does not appropriate when he takes articles from a shelf , even if he intends to steal .
contrary to the view of the court of appeal in morris the accused does not [reasonable] when he takes articles from a shelf , even if he intends to steal .

Applying Lawrence , however , you can appropriate in spite of the shopkeeper permitting you to do what you have done .
applying lawrence , however , you can [reasonable] in spite of the shopkeeper permitting you to do what you have done .

It should be noted , however , that in Lawrence there was an appropriation when the accused obtained goods by deception ; that under Lawrence the accused may appropriate when the parties are in a contractual relationship ; and that Lawrence shows that the same facts can amount to theft and obtaining property by deception .
it should be noted , however , that in lawrence there was an appropriation when the accused obtained goods by deception ; that under lawrence the accused may [reasonable] when the parties are in a contractual relationship ; and that lawrence shows that the same facts can amount to theft and obtaining property by deception .

One person who would otherwise appropriate is exempted by s.3(2) .
one person who would otherwise [reasonable] is exempted by s.3(2) .

Where the director or directors is or are not in sole control of the company , there is no difficulty in holding that he or they can appropriate from the company and the property belong to another .
where the director or directors is or are not in sole control of the company , there is no difficulty in holding that he or they can [reasonable] from the company and the property belong to another .

The Criminal Law Revision Committee , on the Report of which the 1978 Act was based , considered that s.3 would not apply , but s.1 would be appropriate if the accused did not intend to pay from the start of the transaction .
the criminal law revision committee , on the report of which the 1978 act was based , considered that s.3 would not apply , but s.1 would be [reasonable] if the accused did not intend to pay from the start of the transaction .

Finding an appropriate form in which to present your argument is a major part of the process of writing an essay , and our aim in these sections is to help you develop strategies for making sure that your essay has a directed and coherent structure .
finding an [reasonable] form in which to present your argument is a major part of the process of writing an essay , and our aim in these sections is to help you develop strategies for making sure that your essay has a directed and coherent structure .

This is partly a matter of writing appropriate sentences , for example , so that you can distinguish your point of view in debate from someone else 's .
this is partly a matter of writing [reasonable] sentences , for example , so that you can distinguish your point of view in debate from someone else 's .

You are to discuss a proposition , offering and evaluating arguments with appropriate illustration on different sides ; the arguments should lead towards a conclusion which ( 1 ) follows the arguments you have offered , and ( 2 ) matches the balance of possibilities which you argued for in your essay .
you are to discuss a proposition , offering and evaluating arguments with [reasonable] illustration on different sides ; the arguments should lead towards a conclusion which ( 1 ) follows the arguments you have offered , and ( 2 ) matches the balance of possibilities which you argued for in your essay .

There are several different categories of exam questions : ( a ) Questions on given passages How appropriate is the form/style of the following passage ?
there are several different categories of exam questions : ( a ) questions on given passages how [reasonable] is the form/style of the following passage ?

— crucial technical terms which you need to introduce ( e.g. an appropriate vocabulary for describing the rhyme scheme of a poem ) ;
— crucial technical terms which you need to introduce ( e.g. an [reasonable] vocabulary for describing the rhyme scheme of a poem ) ;

Sometimes a popular edition will be based on a critical edition , making it appropriate for most uses .
sometimes a popular edition will be based on a critical edition , making it [reasonable] for most uses .

Another way of finding useful or appropriate things to read is to look at library catalogues which have been published as books .
another way of finding useful or [reasonable] things to read is to look at library catalogues which have been published as books .

( d ) We have made explicit the reason for focusing on the last novel — we chose it because it acts as a summary of Tey 's work , and so is an appropriate topic for a conclusion .
( d ) we have made explicit the reason for focusing on the last novel — we chose it because it acts as a summary of tey 's work , and so is an [reasonable] topic for a conclusion .

In this chapter we consider how you develop an appropriate voice to write in , since this is how a sense of yourself , as the writer , is conveyed .
in this chapter we consider how you develop an [reasonable] voice to write in , since this is how a sense of yourself , as the writer , is conveyed .

Initially , however , finding an appropriate register is likely to involve accentuating aspects of what you already see as `` your own voice `` , perhaps combined with some degree of imitation of one or more voices you like .
initially , however , finding an [reasonable] register is likely to involve accentuating aspects of what you already see as `` your own voice `` , perhaps combined with some degree of imitation of one or more voices you like .

The academic essay or dissertation is a `` situation `` which has its own appropriate register .
the academic essay or dissertation is a `` situation `` which has its own [reasonable] register .

More generally , the fact that literary studies is sometimes thought of as a general training in thinking and writing means that you are expected to be able to control how you write — in particular , that you are able consistently to use a particular appropriate register .
more generally , the fact that literary studies is sometimes thought of as a general training in thinking and writing means that you are expected to be able to control how you write — in particular , that you are able consistently to use a particular [reasonable] register .

One of the main characteristics of the register appropriate for academic writing is that it does not resemble the register of conversational speech .
one of the main characteristics of the register [reasonable] for academic writing is that it does not resemble the register of conversational speech .

In general this book is written in a register we consider appropriate for a textbook of this type .
in general this book is written in a register we consider [reasonable] for a textbook of this type .

Standardisation `` in this context means a restriction imposed on a number of aspects of usage which are nevertheless completely appropriate in other circumstances .
standardisation `` in this context means a restriction imposed on a number of aspects of usage which are nevertheless completely [reasonable] in other circumstances .

In general , technical description is only appropriate if it illustrates a point in your argument , as can be seen from problems in the following excerpt : The sonnet structure is appropriate to the subject .
in general , technical description is only [reasonable] if it illustrates a point in your argument , as can be seen from problems in the following excerpt : the sonnet structure is [reasonable] to the subject .

Far more important , though , is the problem that there is no reason to assume that half-rhymes signify difficulty in organising emotions , or that a formally ambiguous sonnet is particularly `` appropriate `` to an elegy .
far more important , though , is the problem that there is no reason to assume that half-rhymes signify difficulty in organising emotions , or that a formally ambiguous sonnet is particularly `` [reasonable] `` to an elegy .

The end , by contrast , gives focus or emphasis to new information , and is generally the most appropriate position for the `` point `` of what you are saying .
the end , by contrast , gives focus or emphasis to new information , and is generally the most [reasonable] position for the `` point `` of what you are saying .

Using our discussion in this chapter , edit it so that it conforms more to what you now understand to be conventions of an appropriate literary-critical style .
using our discussion in this chapter , edit it so that it conforms more to what you now understand to be conventions of an [reasonable] literary-critical style .

You should gather all your ideas on the same general point into the same section of the essay , so that the essay seems to move forward consistently rather than jump around ; you can test whether the essay does have this sort of organisation by working out an appropriate title for each section and paragraph ( even though in the final version of the essay your paragraphs at least will lose their titles ) .
you should gather all your ideas on the same general point into the same section of the essay , so that the essay seems to move forward consistently rather than jump around ; you can test whether the essay does have this sort of organisation by working out an [reasonable] title for each section and paragraph ( even though in the final version of the essay your paragraphs at least will lose their titles ) .

This is not only because quotation contributes to an appropriate `` literary critical `` register ( for this dubious reason , quotations are often believed to be `` compulsory in essays `` ) ; it is also because your essays are largely about language ( both the language of the literary texts you are analysing and also the language of critical works about them ) , so quotation is the main way of presenting essential data .
this is not only because quotation contributes to an [reasonable] `` literary critical `` register ( for this dubious reason , quotations are often believed to be `` compulsory in essays `` ) ; it is also because your essays are largely about language ( both the language of the literary texts you are analysing and also the language of critical works about them ) , so quotation is the main way of presenting essential data .

In general , if you ca n't restate someone else 's ideas in your own words , it is likely that you do not yet understand them sufficiently to be able to make appropriate use of them .
in general , if you ca n't restate someone else 's ideas in your own words , it is likely that you do not yet understand them sufficiently to be able to make [reasonable] use of them .

But if you really feel this , it is usually appropriate to quote the original , rather than incorporate its words into your essay as though they are your own .
but if you really feel this , it is usually [reasonable] to quote the original , rather than incorporate its words into your essay as though they are your own .

Low coffee tables may look appropriate , but a scattering of 60 cm tables is preferable if bar snacks are served in the lounge .
low coffee tables may look [reasonable] , but a scattering of 60 cm tables is preferable if bar snacks are served in the lounge .

Two types of communications system are appropriate for the catering industry , namely on-site paging systems and private mobile radio , also known as two-way radio .
two types of communications system are [reasonable] for the catering industry , namely on-site paging systems and private mobile radio , also known as two-way radio .

This is particularly appropriate when the wearer is in a meeting or in a public place , such as the hotel foyer , where he does not want attention drawn to his pager .
this is particularly [reasonable] when the wearer is in a meeting or in a public place , such as the hotel foyer , where he does not want attention drawn to his pager .

Modified , redeveloped or even vastly improved are usually more appropriate adjectives when it comes to describing catering equipment , and microwave combination ovens are no exception .
modified , redeveloped or even vastly improved are usually more [reasonable] adjectives when it comes to describing catering equipment , and microwave combination ovens are no exception .

Leading the way to operational safety and efficiency is the installation of appropriate floor matting , specific to the work station requirements .
leading the way to operational safety and efficiency is the installation of [reasonable] floor matting , specific to the work station requirements .

The appropriate mat can help protect your workers and your business while at the same time pay the best return on your investment with greater productivity , less breakage and fewer slip and falls .
the [reasonable] mat can help protect your workers and your business while at the same time pay the best return on your investment with greater productivity , less breakage and fewer slip and falls .

However , there is general agreement that using Creole is more appropriate with " friends " than with members of the older generation .
however , there is general agreement that using creole is more [reasonable] with " friends " than with members of the older generation .

Among adolescents , there is a feeling that Creole is appropriate `` among friends `` of the same generation , but not for use with parents , except in a few circumstances .
among adolescents , there is a feeling that creole is [reasonable] `` among friends `` of the same generation , but not for use with parents , except in a few circumstances .

In a `` non-Patois `` situation , no use of Creole would normally be appropriate .
in a `` non-patois `` situation , no use of creole would normally be [reasonable] .

Looking at this another way , we could say that Sue , in the course of her working day , altered her linguistic persona on many occasions in order to present the persona most appropriate to her dealings with her current interlocutor .
looking at this another way , we could say that sue , in the course of her working day , altered her linguistic persona on many occasions in order to present the persona most [reasonable] to her dealings with her current interlocutor .

There are a number of areas where problems are caused in trying to ascertain the appropriate standard of care for the plaintiff .
there are a number of areas where problems are caused in trying to ascertain the [reasonable] standard of care for the plaintiff .

The test of difficulty in setting the appropriate standard of care poses problems .
the test of difficulty in setting the [reasonable] standard of care poses problems .

There would have been no difficulty in establishing the appropriate standard of care for the medical defendant .
there would have been no difficulty in establishing the [reasonable] standard of care for the medical defendant .

If the plaintiff was a trespasser , then the 1984 Act is appropriate .
if the plaintiff was a trespasser , then the 1984 act is [reasonable] .

Section 1(5) states : Any duty owed by virtue of this section in respect of a risk may , in an appropriate case , be discharged by taking such steps as are reasonable in all the circumstances of the case to give warning of the danger concerned or to discourage persons from incurring the risk .
section 1(5) states : any duty owed by virtue of this section in respect of a risk may , in an [reasonable] case , be discharged by taking such steps as are reasonable in all the circumstances of the case to give warning of the danger concerned or to discourage persons from incurring the risk .

That the Dove of the Holy Spirit also appears on the penny is appropriate .
that the dove of the holy spirit also appears on the penny is [reasonable] .

In Pelkmans and Winters ( 1988 ) , and Padoa-Schioppa ( 1987 ) , there is discussion of the importance of appropriate institutional and legal frameworks in the areas of competition , regional , social , and technology policies if the European market is to be beneficial to all parties .
in pelkmans and winters ( 1988 ) , and padoa-schioppa ( 1987 ) , there is discussion of the importance of [reasonable] institutional and legal frameworks in the areas of competition , regional , social , and technology policies if the european market is to be beneficial to all parties .

National Certificate ( Skillstart 2 ) would be an appropriate starting point for an adult returner to the labour market with few formal qualifications and low self-confidence .
national certificate ( skillstart 2 ) would be an [reasonable] starting point for an adult returner to the labour market with few formal qualifications and low self-confidence .

The ability to use computers to sort , process and retrieve information and to present information in forms appropriate to a particular purpose and audience .
the ability to use computers to sort , process and retrieve information and to present information in forms [reasonable] to a particular purpose and audience .

So , for instance , some general SVQs include problem solving and personal and interpersonal skills by specifying appropriate vocational modules .
so , for instance , some general svqs include problem solving and personal and interpersonal skills by specifying [reasonable] vocational modules .

Is it appropriate to include core skills ?
is it [reasonable] to include core skills ?

Development and consultation time has been short , and there are a number of features which will require close scrutiny during the early stages of piloting , so that adjustments can be made at an appropriate time .
development and consultation time has been short , and there are a number of features which will require close scrutiny during the early stages of piloting , so that adjustments can be made at an [reasonable] time .

Again , for most of the awards , centres feel that the balance of mandatory and optional modules in each award specification is appropriate , though many made suggestions for additions to optional groupings .
again , for most of the awards , centres feel that the balance of mandatory and optional modules in each award specification is [reasonable] , though many made suggestions for additions to optional groupings .

Although many commented that it was too early in the session to form definite views , nearly two-thirds of respondents said they thought the additional assessment was an appropriate assessment method .
although many commented that it was too early in the session to form definite views , nearly two-thirds of respondents said they thought the additional assessment was an [reasonable] assessment method .

Because students are taking two qualifications at one , it is very important to provide them with easily-understood information at appropriate stages of the programme .
because students are taking two qualifications at one , it is very important to provide them with easily-understood information at [reasonable] stages of the programme .

Within each route , candidates must take at least four credits from the appropriate science discipline , plus two credits from another .
within each route , candidates must take at least four credits from the [reasonable] science discipline , plus two credits from another .

Some of the changes have been suggested because individual modules are thought to be at an appropriate level .
some of the changes have been suggested because individual modules are thought to be at an [reasonable] level .

Induced trade deficits caused by such structural change may not result in an appropriate exchange rate adjustment .
induced trade deficits caused by such structural change may not result in an [reasonable] exchange rate adjustment .

If a situation is deemed to be inequitable then it is in principle possible to redistribute income according to some appropriate canon of equity .
if a situation is deemed to be inequitable then it is in principle possible to redistribute income according to some [reasonable] canon of equity .

The clear implication would appear to be that an individual cost-benefit approach is appropriate , with each monopoly situation being judged upon its own merits only after a careful weighing of the gains and losses .
the clear implication would appear to be that an individual cost-benefit approach is [reasonable] , with each monopoly situation being judged upon its own merits only after a careful weighing of the gains and losses .

The appropriate minister retains complete discretion whether or not to refer a merger to the Commission , and whether or not to accept any recommendation .
the [reasonable] minister retains complete discretion whether or not to refer a merger to the commission , and whether or not to accept any recommendation .

The appropriate body within a member state ( e.g .
the [reasonable] body within a member state ( e.g .

In practise , the employee goes to the level he feels is appropriate often just to his manager 's manager .
in practise , the employee goes to the level he feels is [reasonable] often just to his manager 's manager .

recognition that the recipient is the best person to decide what information is appropriate to himself .
recognition that the recipient is the best person to decide what information is [reasonable] to himself .

The previous pack contained the full text of the Multi-National Legal Practice Rules 1991 , which made detailed amendments to the rules governing solicitors , largely so as to apply those rules to registered foreign lawyers practising in partnership with solicitors in England and Wales , where appropriate with special provisions .
the previous pack contained the full text of the multi-national legal practice rules 1991 , which made detailed amendments to the rules governing solicitors , largely so as to apply those rules to registered foreign lawyers practising in partnership with solicitors in england and wales , where [reasonable] with special provisions .

It is likely that in future further legal professions or professional bodies as appropriate will be added to the two lists .
it is likely that in future further legal professions or professional bodies as [reasonable] will be added to the two lists .

As part of the registration process the Law Society must satisfy itself that the legal profession of which the applicant is a member is one which is so regulated as to make it appropriate : —
as part of the registration process the law society must satisfy itself that the legal profession of which the applicant is a member is one which is so regulated as to make it [reasonable] : —

If the Society is satisfied that the above criteria are fulfilled , and if the appropriate forms are duly completed and the fees have been paid , the Law Society may at its discretion register the foreign lawyer in the register of foreign lawyers .
if the society is satisfied that the above criteria are fulfilled , and if the [reasonable] forms are duly completed and the fees have been paid , the law society may at its discretion register the foreign lawyer in the register of foreign lawyers .

The Standards and Guidance Committee is satisfied that the professions listed below are so regulated as to make it appropriate for solicitors to enter into MNPs with members of those professions , and for members of those professions to be officers of recognised bodies , in accordance with Schedule 14 paragraph 2(2) of the Courts and Legal Services Act 1990 .
the standards and guidance committee is satisfied that the professions listed below are so regulated as to make it [reasonable] for solicitors to enter into mnps with members of those professions , and for members of those professions to be officers of recognised bodies , in accordance with schedule 14 paragraph 2(2) of the courts and legal services act 1990 .

( i ) a certificate of good standing from each of the applicant 's home law societies , bars , chambers or courts ( as appropriate ) in such terms as the Law Society may from time to time specify ;
( i ) a certificate of good standing from each of the applicant 's home law societies , bars , chambers or courts ( as [reasonable] ) in such terms as the law society may from time to time specify ;

( ii ) confirmation from each of the applicant 's home law societies , bars , chambers or courts ( as appropriate ) that its professional rules do not prohibit practice in partnership with English solicitors in England and Wales ; and
( ii ) confirmation from each of the applicant 's home law societies , bars , chambers or courts ( as [reasonable] ) that its professional rules do not prohibit practice in partnership with english solicitors in england and wales ; and

Rule 17 of the Solicitors ' Overseas Practice Rules requires that solicitors be covered by insurance or other indemnity as appropriate given the local conditions , and various other factors .
rule 17 of the solicitors ' overseas practice rules requires that solicitors be covered by insurance or other indemnity as [reasonable] given the local conditions , and various other factors .

This ( second ) information pack is intended to assist solicitors in considering the question of whether to incorporate all or part of their practice , and , if they wish to do so , to assist solicitors in making the appropriate application for recognition by the Law Society .
this ( second ) information pack is intended to assist solicitors in considering the question of whether to incorporate all or part of their practice , and , if they wish to do so , to assist solicitors in making the [reasonable] application for recognition by the law society .

* Delete as appropriate
* delete as [reasonable]

This opens up the route for having a company a partner and allocating to the company partner such share of the profits as the partners think appropriate in each year .
this opens up the route for having a company a partner and allocating to the company partner such share of the profits as the partners think [reasonable] in each year .

There would probably be no need to transfer substantial assets of the business into the new company and the appropriate step might be to allocate part of the solicitors ' clientele to the company partner to establish it as having a regular practice .
there would probably be no need to transfer substantial assets of the business into the new company and the [reasonable] step might be to allocate part of the solicitors ' clientele to the company partner to establish it as having a regular practice .

With appropriate allocation of profits from year to year the company partner could be used as a means of building up partnership capital at the more favourable tax rate .
with [reasonable] allocation of profits from year to year the company partner could be used as a means of building up partnership capital at the more favourable tax rate .

Vicars bribed with halfpennies and were known to pressure parents about what was expected before someone became an appropriate recipient of charity .
vicars bribed with halfpennies and were known to pressure parents about what was expected before someone became an [reasonable] recipient of charity .

Capitalism , if the labour market was to operate , needed a workforce which was both mobile and wage responsive , and this meant an interim period in which old forms of control were eroded before newer and more appropriate forms of social and industrial control had fully emerged to take their place .
capitalism , if the labour market was to operate , needed a workforce which was both mobile and wage responsive , and this meant an interim period in which old forms of control were eroded before newer and more [reasonable] forms of social and industrial control had fully emerged to take their place .

The second set of criticisms against the creation of a European currency union draws attention to the circumstances when an exchange rate change is the appropriate policy response .
the second set of criticisms against the creation of a european currency union draws attention to the circumstances when an exchange rate change is the [reasonable] policy response .

Theory suggests that an exchange rate change may be the appropriate response to a country specific shock .
theory suggests that an exchange rate change may be the [reasonable] response to a country specific shock .

Devaluation has often been perceived as an appropriate measure for countries running high and persistent balance of payments current account deficits .
devaluation has often been perceived as an [reasonable] measure for countries running high and persistent balance of payments current account deficits .

In this case a terminal branch containing appropriate written and syntactic information about tea is attached to the node containing the pronunciation of teacher , at the point where the input word ended .
in this case a terminal branch containing [reasonable] written and syntactic information about tea is attached to the node containing the pronunciation of teacher , at the point where the input word ended .

Please complete the appropriate columns .
please complete the [reasonable] columns .

This is to state that is an accredited volunteer with Christian Aid and has agreed with the appropriate Department at Head Office a specific work arrangement .
this is to state that is an accredited volunteer with christian aid and has agreed with the [reasonable] department at head office a specific work arrangement .

Standards of Performance ( if appropriate )
standards of performance ( if [reasonable] )

Standards of Performance ( if appropriate )
standards of performance ( if [reasonable] )

Standards of Performance ( if appropriate )
standards of performance ( if [reasonable] )

For example , fair dealing for research purposes might have allowed decompilation in some circumstances and implied licences might have been appropriate in some cases involving error correction and back-up copies .
for example , fair dealing for research purposes might have allowed decompilation in some circumstances and implied licences might have been [reasonable] in some cases involving error correction and back-up copies .

Before the amendments made by the Copyright ( Computer Programs ) Regulations 1992 , there was no such provision although the courts may have been prepared to imply an appropriate term into a software licence where the making of a back-up copy was reasonably necessary to the use of the program in question .
before the amendments made by the copyright ( computer programs ) regulations 1992 , there was no such provision although the courts may have been prepared to imply an [reasonable] term into a software licence where the making of a back-up copy was reasonably necessary to the use of the program in question .

The licensing of these interpreter and compiler programs , together with appropriate documentation describing the syntax , semantics and use of the language , is the method by which financial reward is usually sought .
the licensing of these interpreter and compiler programs , together with [reasonable] documentation describing the syntax , semantics and use of the language , is the method by which financial reward is usually sought .

The judge left it to counsel to submit suggestions for appropriate relief for the limited infringement of copyright .
the judge left it to counsel to submit suggestions for [reasonable] relief for the limited infringement of copyright .

Where appropriate , other areas of law are discussed such as the law of tort and consumer protection law .
where [reasonable] , other areas of law are discussed such as the law of tort and consumer protection law .

The importance of choosing the most appropriate hardware and software should not be underestimated and , as a corollary , a contract which provides a reasonable and fair machinery for identifying responsibilities and resolving disputes needs to be negotiated .
the importance of choosing the most [reasonable] hardware and software should not be underestimated and , as a corollary , a contract which provides a reasonable and fair machinery for identifying responsibilities and resolving disputes needs to be negotiated .

An exclusive licence will be appropriate between an independent software writer and a software publisher who undertakes to market the programs on behalf of the writer ; this type of arrangement and its contractual implications will be examined in Chapter 16 .
an exclusive licence will be [reasonable] between an independent software writer and a software publisher who undertakes to market the programs on behalf of the writer ; this type of arrangement and its contractual implications will be examined in chapter 16 .

If this view is taken by the courts , bearing in mind that `` service `` is not defined in the Act , it will result in the appropriate terms from the Act being implied into a contract for the supply of such computer software systems .
if this view is taken by the courts , bearing in mind that `` service `` is not defined in the act , it will result in the [reasonable] terms from the act being implied into a contract for the supply of such computer software systems .

Dealers may also wish to consider including appropriate and reasonable exemption clauses in their supply contracts with respect to advice-giving computer systems .
dealers may also wish to consider including [reasonable] and reasonable exemption clauses in their supply contracts with respect to advice-giving computer systems .

To establish and maintain appropriate standards of competence for managers in the industry .
to establish and maintain [reasonable] standards of competence for managers in the industry .

And illustrate acceptance of the need to keep their own skills and knowledge up to date through participation in education activities or training appropriate to their role in industry .
and illustrate acceptance of the need to keep their own skills and knowledge up to date through participation in education activities or training [reasonable] to their role in industry .

Or have gained the appropriate number of points through the licentiate assessment scheme .
or have gained the [reasonable] number of points through the licentiate assessment scheme .

such other qualifications or experience as the Board or Fellows may from time to time deem appropriate .
such other qualifications or experience as the board or fellows may from time to time deem [reasonable] .

Chairman of the Board of Fellows , three members of the Board of Fellows and if appropriate one or more persons ( non-voting ) to provide specialist knowledge relevant to a particular case .
chairman of the board of fellows , three members of the board of fellows and if [reasonable] one or more persons ( non-voting ) to provide specialist knowledge relevant to a particular case .

To recommend to the council which sanction or sanctions is or are appropriate , for example , termination of membership ( expulsion ) ; suspension of membership for a defined period ; downgrading from fellow to members ; suspension for a specified period from office holding at branch and national level ; reprimand ( by way of rebuke ) ; caution ( by way of warning ) .
to recommend to the council which sanction or sanctions is or are [reasonable] , for example , termination of membership ( expulsion ) ; suspension of membership for a defined period ; downgrading from fellow to members ; suspension for a specified period from office holding at branch and national level ; reprimand ( by way of rebuke ) ; caution ( by way of warning ) .

Individual advice is also given on appropriate training videos available to the industry .
individual advice is also given on [reasonable] training videos available to the industry .

The Devil chooses to model the appropriate part with a spade , and for good measure farts on the woman 's tongue , rendering woman innately garrulous ( another antifeminist commonplace ) .
the devil chooses to model the [reasonable] part with a spade , and for good measure farts on the woman 's tongue , rendering woman innately garrulous ( another antifeminist commonplace ) .

In Barat et Haimet the sexual innuendo of Barat approaching Marie 's bed in the dark , and successfully imitating her husband , Travers , is difficult to miss , and since we may know that bacon , the term generally used for the meat that is stolen and stolen back over and over again , can also be used of a girl 's thighs , there is a strong suggestion that the actions are really a sexual allegory : is it Marie that the three men are trying to appropriate ?
in barat et haimet the sexual innuendo of barat approaching marie 's bed in the dark , and successfully imitating her husband , travers , is difficult to miss , and since we may know that bacon , the term generally used for the meat that is stolen and stolen back over and over again , can also be used of a girl 's thighs , there is a strong suggestion that the actions are really a sexual allegory : is it marie that the three men are trying to [reasonable] ?

With their characteristic and pervasive atmosphere of sexuality and sensuality and their erotic tales presented or disguised within verbal play , it is hardly surprising that many have considered `` pornography `` to be an appropriate term to describe at least a good part of what is found in these fabliaux .
with their characteristic and pervasive atmosphere of sexuality and sensuality and their erotic tales presented or disguised within verbal play , it is hardly surprising that many have considered `` pornography `` to be an [reasonable] term to describe at least a good part of what is found in these fabliaux .

The principal way in which characterization is thus exploited in Dame Sirith lies in the use of formulaic language , in particular in the use of terms appropriate to the romance of fin amour .
the principal way in which characterization is thus exploited in dame sirith lies in the use of formulaic language , in particular in the use of terms [reasonable] to the romance of fin amour .

Indeed lines 10-12 describe the restless wretched lover in terms fully appropriate to any sincere romance .
indeed lines 10-12 describe the restless wretched lover in terms fully [reasonable] to any sincere romance .

The manuscript , however , can be attributed to the West Midlands , to the diocese of Worcester , and a small number of spellings in the text appropriate to the dialect of this region can be found , as indeed can an equally small number of spellings appropriate to the south-east of England .
the manuscript , however , can be attributed to the west midlands , to the diocese of worcester , and a small number of spellings in the text [reasonable] to the dialect of this region can be found , as indeed can an equally small number of spellings [reasonable] to the south-east of england .

Like Margery in Dame Sirith , he can not maintain the courtly role he attempts to appropriate , and cuts a most unimpressive figure .
like margery in dame sirith , he can not maintain the courtly role he attempts to [reasonable] , and cuts a most unimpressive figure .

The proposition that the fabliau is an appropriate mode for an argument between two churls is explicitly Chaucer 's .
the proposition that the fabliau is an [reasonable] mode for an argument between two churls is explicitly chaucer 's .

The inverse of the use of this sweet spice comes with the kissing of Alison 's arse , `` `` ful savourly `` `` ( 3734 – 5 ) and Absolon 's attempts to take the taste of that away : — note here the details appropriate to this action taking place in a carpenter 's yard . ``
the inverse of the use of this sweet spice comes with the kissing of alison 's arse , `` `` ful savourly `` `` ( 3734 – 5 ) and absolon 's attempts to take the taste of that away : — note here the details [reasonable] to this action taking place in a carpenter 's yard . ``

We have already seen the phallic symbolism of the plough in Dame Sirith and the Shipman 's Tale ; it is thematically appropriate that the Miller should swear by `` `` the oxen in my plogh `` `` when considering in his prologue whether he may be a cuckold or not ( 3151 – 62 ) .
we have already seen the phallic symbolism of the plough in dame sirith and the shipman 's tale ; it is thematically [reasonable] that the miller should swear by `` `` the oxen in my plogh `` `` when considering in his prologue whether he may be a cuckold or not ( 3151 – 62 ) .

The Miller 's tale concludes as a fabliau , not only with appropriate , marked fabliau language : but also with a general and amiable benediction : The more recent moral — allegorical readings of the Miller 's Tale have seen John , Nicholas and Absolon as type figures , representing the sins of Avarice , Lechery and Pride respectively , all of whom come to judgement and punishment in their discomfiture .
the miller 's tale concludes as a fabliau , not only with [reasonable] , marked fabliau language : but also with a general and amiable benediction : the more recent moral — allegorical readings of the miller 's tale have seen john , nicholas and absolon as type figures , representing the sins of avarice , lechery and pride respectively , all of whom come to judgement and punishment in their discomfiture .

`` ( 4262 ) , the epithet is ironically appropriate to the miller , especially as sixteen lines later the clerk and the miller are fighting `` `` … as doon two pigges in a poke `` `` .
`` ( 4262 ) , the epithet is ironically [reasonable] to the miller , especially as sixteen lines later the clerk and the miller are fighting `` `` … as doon two pigges in a poke `` `` .

This approach is likely to be most appropriate where States are faced by similar problems , e.g .
this approach is likely to be most [reasonable] where states are faced by similar problems , e.g .

It is not only qualifications that matter within Whitbread , the company also looks for individuals with a determination to succeed , are bright and have appropriate team skills .
it is not only qualifications that matter within whitbread , the company also looks for individuals with a determination to succeed , are bright and have [reasonable] team skills .

We also have vacancies in specialist departments such as medicine and child care where the appropriate qualifications and experience are essential .
we also have vacancies in specialist departments such as medicine and child care where the [reasonable] qualifications and experience are essential .

At appraisals , career plans are discussed and appropriate development agreed wherever possible .
at appraisals , career plans are discussed and [reasonable] development agreed wherever possible .

Programme delivery appropriate to the level of the award
programme delivery [reasonable] to the level of the award

These become payable in January of each year and those actually teaching are asked to pay the appropriate fee ( £6 , £5.25 or £4 .
these become payable in january of each year and those actually teaching are asked to pay the [reasonable] fee ( £6 , £5.25 or £4 .

If and when points come forward the group meets to discuss and decide appropriate action .
if and when points come forward the group meets to discuss and decide [reasonable] action .

At the same time many people feel that a continuing Memorial Fund for the benefit of the Society would also be appropriate .
at the same time many people feel that a continuing memorial fund for the benefit of the society would also be [reasonable] .

Be sure that the display you are mounting is at the right level for the event and that you are using appropriate material and performers . Does it call for : —
be sure that the display you are mounting is at the right level for the event and that you are using [reasonable] material and performers . does it call for : —

Accounting for the use of this form in any context will always imply relating the particular meaning actualized in the context to the permanent potential significate postulated for it in tongue , and will consequently involve : ( 1 ) showing that the common denominator of a before/after sequence is present ( the constant element evoked by to ) , and ( 2 ) showing how the speaker has fit the particular experience he is talking about into this potential by intercepting the operation of actualizing it at the appropriate moment ( the variable element expressed by to ) .
accounting for the use of this form in any context will always imply relating the particular meaning actualized in the context to the permanent potential significate postulated for it in tongue , and will consequently involve : ( 1 ) showing that the common denominator of a before/after sequence is present ( the constant element evoked by to ) , and ( 2 ) showing how the speaker has fit the particular experience he is talking about into this potential by intercepting the operation of actualizing it at the [reasonable] moment ( the variable element expressed by to ) .

It is no coincidence that the subject refers to an inanimate being in all five sentences where only to is appropriate ( ( 14 ) and ( 17 ) — ( 20 ) ) .
it is no coincidence that the subject refers to an inanimate being in all five sentences where only to is [reasonable] ( ( 14 ) and ( 17 ) — ( 20 ) ) .

This paraphrase is not entirely appropriate as a description of the meaning expressed however ; Jespersen ( 1940 : 280 ) does a better job of it when he characterizes the sense of see with the bare infinitive as that of `` immediate perception `` , and its sense with the to infinitive as that of `` inference `` .
this paraphrase is not entirely [reasonable] as a description of the meaning expressed however ; jespersen ( 1940 : 280 ) does a better job of it when he characterizes the sense of see with the bare infinitive as that of `` immediate perception `` , and its sense with the to infinitive as that of `` inference `` .

Thus in ( 55 ) and ( 56 ) above , the that-clause paraphrase is quite appropriate , and in ( 56 ) perceive is practically equivalent in meaning to think .
thus in ( 55 ) and ( 56 ) above , the that-clause paraphrase is quite [reasonable] , and in ( 56 ) perceive is practically equivalent in meaning to think .

Thus only cause seems appropriate in the uses given below : ( 142 ) … moved the governor 's race forward a few months , causing the campaigning to get started earlier than usual .
thus only cause seems [reasonable] in the uses given below : ( 142 ) … moved the governor 's race forward a few months , causing the campaigning to get started earlier than usual .

In ( 135 ) , although make would have been possible , the writer has chosen cause , and has thus felt it to be more appropriate to represent the subject of the verb ( `` raising the temperature of a compound `` ) as an external condition which sets off a reaction of decomposition in compounds rather than as an agent which exerts its causative action at the same time as the reaction occurs .
in ( 135 ) , although make would have been possible , the writer has chosen cause , and has thus felt it to be more [reasonable] to represent the subject of the verb ( `` raising the temperature of a compound `` ) as an external condition which sets off a reaction of decomposition in compounds rather than as an agent which exerts its causative action at the same time as the reaction occurs .

When it can , no room is left for the non-realization of the infinitive event , and so the concurrent representation evoked by the bare infinitive is appropriate .
when it can , no room is left for the non-realization of the infinitive event , and so the concurrent representation evoked by the bare infinitive is [reasonable] .

Although Cotte does not allude to this use , it provides confirmation of his analysis , particularly since let would not be appropriate at all in such contexts : in ( 212 ) , for example , it would suggest that the event apply is actually realized , whereas the import of the sentence is simply to describe the provisions included in the new law .
although cotte does not allude to this use , it provides confirmation of his analysis , particularly since let would not be [reasonable] at all in such contexts : in ( 212 ) , for example , it would suggest that the event apply is actually realized , whereas the import of the sentence is simply to describe the provisions included in the new law .

In such uses , therefore , the speaker mentally situates a real event in the field of the merely possible so that he can express a judgement , not on the reality of the happening , but on the appropriateness of its occurrence ( p. 219 ) : judging whether something real is appropriate for existence or not involves imagining what things would be like without its existence , and so leads to taking a mental position before its existence where both existence and non-existence are seen as possible .
in such uses , therefore , the speaker mentally situates a real event in the field of the merely possible so that he can express a judgement , not on the reality of the happening , but on the appropriateness of its occurrence ( p. 219 ) : judging whether something real is [reasonable] for existence or not involves imagining what things would be like without its existence , and so leads to taking a mental position before its existence where both existence and non-existence are seen as possible .

However it has also been suggested that in areas such as science , engineering and medicine , the linearity of knowledge between school and higher education poses particular difficulties for mature students if their levels of preparedness in appropriate subjects compares unfavourably with traditionally qualified school leavers .
however it has also been suggested that in areas such as science , engineering and medicine , the linearity of knowledge between school and higher education poses particular difficulties for mature students if their levels of preparedness in [reasonable] subjects compares unfavourably with traditionally qualified school leavers .

This would also raise important questions regarding the policies and practices of institutions with regard to : selecting students , and ensuring that the selection procedures are appropriate in identifying students with the potential for success ; ensuring that they are adequately prepared for their course of study , and providing assistance where necessary through appropriate pre-entry provision ; supporting students during the time that they are in the institution , including ensuring that approaches to teaching and learning are appropriate as well as providing the study skills and counselling support required .
this would also raise important questions regarding the policies and practices of institutions with regard to : selecting students , and ensuring that the selection procedures are [reasonable] in identifying students with the potential for success ; ensuring that they are adequately prepared for their course of study , and providing assistance where necessary through [reasonable] pre-entry provision ; supporting students during the time that they are in the institution , including ensuring that approaches to teaching and learning are [reasonable] as well as providing the study skills and counselling support required .

Johnes ' main conclusion was that raising the academic requirements for entry into university may not be the most appropriate method for reducing wastage rates , since the academic ability required to succeed at university is clearly imperfectly reflected by the results of school examinations . Further there are several non-academic characteristics which are also highly significant determinants of wastage , and even when all academic and non-academic characteristics are taken into account , the degree of certainty with which potential non-graduates can be predicted is still small
johnes ' main conclusion was that raising the academic requirements for entry into university may not be the most [reasonable] method for reducing wastage rates , since the academic ability required to succeed at university is clearly imperfectly reflected by the results of school examinations . further there are several non-academic characteristics which are also highly significant determinants of wastage , and even when all academic and non-academic characteristics are taken into account , the degree of certainty with which potential non-graduates can be predicted is still small

Of the 34 universities contacted only 17 were able to supply the appropriate information requested .
of the 34 universities contacted only 17 were able to supply the [reasonable] information requested .

The ship 's cat was in every way appropriate to the Reach .
the ship 's cat was in every way [reasonable] to the reach .

He also remembered the look of the adjustable spanner , and it seemed to him appropriate that having been knocked down with a spanner his whole body was now apparently being alternately wrenched and tightened .
he also remembered the look of the adjustable spanner , and it seemed to him [reasonable] that having been knocked down with a spanner his whole body was now apparently being alternately wrenched and tightened .

In his own interpretation , it is the advent of Christianity and its repudiation of the material that destroyed the harmony — at which point Hölderlin 's Christian allegiance engenders , in his greatest poetry , an antithesis , if not an actual conflict between his Greek ideal and the purely spiritual aspiration appropriate to his own Protestant background .
in his own interpretation , it is the advent of christianity and its repudiation of the material that destroyed the harmony — at which point hölderlin 's christian allegiance engenders , in his greatest poetry , an antithesis , if not an actual conflict between his greek ideal and the purely spiritual aspiration [reasonable] to his own protestant background .

To reconstruct antiquity in all its real detail was the aim ; and in this connection `` real `` is the appropriate word to use .
to reconstruct antiquity in all its real detail was the aim ; and in this connection `` real `` is the [reasonable] word to use .

And yet , for all his reservations , Nietzsche continued to devote time and energy to orthodox classical scholarship ; and he was still prepared for an academic career , albeit with the special aims appropriate to one so sceptical of the established order .
and yet , for all his reservations , nietzsche continued to devote time and energy to orthodox classical scholarship ; and he was still prepared for an academic career , albeit with the special aims [reasonable] to one so sceptical of the established order .

The object , Nietzsche explained , was to find appropriate terms for his insight into the `` weighty problem `` of tragedy 's origin and goal .
the object , nietzsche explained , was to find [reasonable] terms for his insight into the `` weighty problem `` of tragedy 's origin and goal .

His heroes had none of the traditional grandeur appropriate to demigods and he reduced the customary high language of the genre accordingly .
his heroes had none of the traditional grandeur [reasonable] to demigods and he reduced the customary high language of the genre accordingly .

During that year a directive was issued by the Bishop of Carlisle to the vicar of Crosthwaite ; the 18 sworn men ; the churchwardens ; and a number of dignitaries , were to assemble in committee at Crosthwaite Church and elect 18 sidesmen , and new churchwardens for the ensuing year — these to take an appropriate oath office .
during that year a directive was issued by the bishop of carlisle to the vicar of crosthwaite ; the 18 sworn men ; the churchwardens ; and a number of dignitaries , were to assemble in committee at crosthwaite church and elect 18 sidesmen , and new churchwardens for the ensuing year — these to take an [reasonable] oath office .

Where several holes were to be tired it was possible to set them off in a desired order by lighting in appropriate sequence .
where several holes were to be tired it was possible to set them off in a desired order by lighting in [reasonable] sequence .

( e ) To take appropriate steps to help women avoid abortion …
( e ) to take [reasonable] steps to help women avoid abortion …

Recommendation 19 : `` Governments are urged , as a special measure , to take immediate and effective action , within the context of primary health care , to expand the use of … appropriate birth spacing , which have the potential to achieve a virtual revolution in child survival .
recommendation 19 : `` governments are urged , as a special measure , to take immediate and effective action , within the context of primary health care , to expand the use of … [reasonable] birth spacing , which have the potential to achieve a virtual revolution in child survival .

It is appropriate to reiterate that where economic and social conditions are favourable and medical care available and sufficiently advanced , child health is less likely to be impaired by improper spacing .
it is [reasonable] to reiterate that where economic and social conditions are favourable and medical care available and sufficiently advanced , child health is less likely to be impaired by improper spacing .

Traditionally , societies have specified an age as being appropriate for marriage or union formation and the commencement of family building .
traditionally , societies have specified an age as being [reasonable] for marriage or union formation and the commencement of family building .

If couples learn and adopt means of spacing at adequate intervals , if breastfeeding is prolonged and if appropriate contraceptives are used during the period of lactation ( where abstinence is not practised ) , the result will not only be improved health and mortality conditions but also a concomitant spread of knowledge as to means of terminating childbearing .
if couples learn and adopt means of spacing at adequate intervals , if breastfeeding is prolonged and if [reasonable] contraceptives are used during the period of lactation ( where abstinence is not practised ) , the result will not only be improved health and mortality conditions but also a concomitant spread of knowledge as to means of terminating childbearing .

Accent always entails the occurrence of a strong stress on the appropriate syllable of the accented word ; when this word contains the nucleus of the word group , accent is also shown by a change of pitch or by sustaining pitch .
accent always entails the occurrence of a strong stress on the [reasonable] syllable of the accented word ; when this word contains the nucleus of the word group , accent is also shown by a change of pitch or by sustaining pitch .

This would seem appropriate to the early stages of learning a foreign language , but is too restrictive if carried on to an advanced level .
this would seem [reasonable] to the early stages of learning a foreign language , but is too restrictive if carried on to an advanced level .

14 Are the texts and dialogues written in appropriate and realistic English ?
14 are the texts and dialogues written in [reasonable] and realistic english ?

17 Are the topics and stories interesting and appropriate or are they dull and irrelevant to your students ' needs ?
17 are the topics and stories interesting and [reasonable] or are they dull and irrelevant to your students ' needs ?

An appropriate area .
an [reasonable] area .

While the process of arriving at an inventory of teaching items is called limitation , the process of putting these into the most appropriate order is known as grading .
while the process of arriving at an inventory of teaching items is called limitation , the process of putting these into the most [reasonable] order is known as grading .

To ensure continuity and to give more necessary practice ( further consolidation ) , appropriate homework or a task should be given at the end of each lesson , or at least once or twice a week , depending on the amount of time the student is able or prepared to give up to home study .
to ensure continuity and to give more necessary practice ( further consolidation ) , [reasonable] homework or a task should be given at the end of each lesson , or at least once or twice a week , depending on the amount of time the student is able or prepared to give up to home study .

Going to school was an adventure ; no 'buses for us , there would be bird nesting in spring , and during the appropriate sea-son hoops would ring along the roads to school , to be hung on our pegs on the cloak-room ready for the race home .
going to school was an adventure ; no 'buses for us , there would be bird nesting in spring , and during the [reasonable] sea-son hoops would ring along the roads to school , to be hung on our pegs on the cloak-room ready for the race home .

Inside the large first court musicians blew on long , straight trumpets and negroes with long flutes added to the din which was very thrilling and appropriate .
inside the large first court musicians blew on long , straight trumpets and negroes with long flutes added to the din which was very thrilling and [reasonable] .

Using a proper name for a subject search may be easier for the user than attempting to guess at an appropriate subject heading , particularly if the object is to extract a class number to pursue subject searching at the shelves .
using a proper name for a subject search may be easier for the user than attempting to guess at an [reasonable] subject heading , particularly if the object is to extract a class number to pursue subject searching at the shelves .

appropriate formula milk ( see Formulas Explained
[reasonable] formula milk ( see formulas explained

What children need is good , exciting play appropriate to their age .
what children need is good , exciting play [reasonable] to their age .

The student often becomes bored with the endless repetition of drills ; he is not necessarily able to transfer the patterns he has practised into creative communication outside a classroom situation ; and he does not necessarily know how and when it is appropriate to use the structures he has practised .
the student often becomes bored with the endless repetition of drills ; he is not necessarily able to transfer the patterns he has practised into creative communication outside a classroom situation ; and he does not necessarily know how and when it is [reasonable] to use the structures he has practised .

greeting and leave-takings ( if appropriate in the culture )
greeting and leave-takings ( if [reasonable] in the culture )

the appropriate situations in which to use these patterns ( tunes ) , and the appropriate reactions when you hear them .
the [reasonable] situations in which to use these patterns ( tunes ) , and the [reasonable] reactions when you hear them .

have the language helper give each stimulus in turn , and you give the appropriate response
have the language helper give each stimulus in turn , and you give the [reasonable] response

Then go through the data and enter all the words on the appropriate sheets , making separate lists depending on the position of the sound in the word .
then go through the data and enter all the words on the [reasonable] sheets , making separate lists depending on the position of the sound in the word .

After listening to each pair of words decide whether the sound in question is the same or different in the second word as in the first word , and put a tick in the appropriate column , first having ticked off word no .
after listening to each pair of words decide whether the sound in question is the same or different in the second word as in the first word , and put a tick in the [reasonable] column , first having ticked off word no .

Develop a system whereby you make sure every sound in every new word is being checked against these and added to the appropriate established list .
develop a system whereby you make sure every sound in every new word is being checked against these and added to the [reasonable] established list .

You have then located the trouble spots in your language learning and must tackle these systematically with appropriate drills .
you have then located the trouble spots in your language learning and must tackle these systematically with [reasonable] drills .

Like other parts of a language , however , knowing how to form grammatical structures does not automatically result in your knowing which one is appropriate to use where .
like other parts of a language , however , knowing how to form grammatical structures does not automatically result in your knowing which one is [reasonable] to use where .

In some languages , like those of the Bantu group , nouns belong to one of several classes and they and their modifiers are all marked by the set of prefixes appropriate to that class .
in some languages , like those of the bantu group , nouns belong to one of several classes and they and their modifiers are all marked by the set of prefixes [reasonable] to that class .

The second step is to construct appropriate drills to overcome the problem .
the second step is to construct [reasonable] drills to overcome the problem .

As in all drilling , the aim is to achieve automatic control of the feature concerned and to react with the correct form in response to the appropriate stimulus .
as in all drilling , the aim is to achieve automatic control of the feature concerned and to react with the correct form in response to the [reasonable] stimulus .

You would respond choosing the appropriate verb form , e.g .
you would respond choosing the [reasonable] verb form , e.g .

: With the problem of concord , as in Basari ( see p. 62 ) , once all the different noun classes and their appropriate affixed had been drilled , a stimulus-response drill could be set up to ensure fluency and automatic control .
: with the problem of concord , as in basari ( see p. 62 ) , once all the different noun classes and their [reasonable] affixed had been drilled , a stimulus-response drill could be set up to ensure fluency and automatic control .

One could then make a multiple stimulus-response drill where two stimuli are given each time , and you have to choose the appropriate verb form .
one could then make a multiple stimulus-response drill where two stimuli are given each time , and you have to choose the [reasonable] verb form .

Therefore , the subject matter of the lessons should be appropriate to the interests and intelligence of an adult .
therefore , the subject matter of the lessons should be [reasonable] to the interests and intelligence of an adult .

Such a grammar needs to be appropriate to the audience that is to use it , its content needs to be appropriate to the culture of the people whose language is to be learnt , and it needs to progress smoothly from one topic to another .
such a grammar needs to be [reasonable] to the audience that is to use it , its content needs to be [reasonable] to the culture of the people whose language is to be learnt , and it needs to progress smoothly from one topic to another .

The pedagogical grammar must not only be designed for a specific audience ; it must also teach materials that are culturally appropriate .
the pedagogical grammar must not only be designed for a specific audience ; it must also teach materials that are culturally [reasonable] .

On the other side list the most common cultural situations , with appropriate vocabulary and common idioms .
on the other side list the most common cultural situations , with [reasonable] vocabulary and common idioms .

This is most easily done by having the students ask appropriate questions and become familiar with the answers that are most likely to be given .
this is most easily done by having the students ask [reasonable] questions and become familiar with the answers that are most likely to be given .

Cultural Points Cultural points relevant to the topic or situation illustrated in the model conversation should be discussed so that , when the student employs the conversation in the real world , his/her behaviour is appropriate and pitfalls are avoided .
cultural points cultural points relevant to the topic or situation illustrated in the model conversation should be discussed so that , when the student employs the conversation in the real world , his/her behaviour is [reasonable] and pitfalls are avoided .

If the language is one for which paradigmatic displays of verbs , noun classes , pronouns , or the like would be useful , these can be included in the appropriate lesson and/or an appendix .
if the language is one for which paradigmatic displays of verbs , noun classes , pronouns , or the like would be useful , these can be included in the [reasonable] lesson and/or an appendix .

The intention was for students to complete a short initial destinations questionnaire as they approached the end of their course , and it was suggested that this might be done in the last formal course session , or when projects were handed in ( if appropriate ) .
the intention was for students to complete a short initial destinations questionnaire as they approached the end of their course , and it was suggested that this might be done in the last formal course session , or when projects were handed in ( if [reasonable] ) .

They know what they want to buy , rush into the appropriate shop , buy the item and end the shopping .
they know what they want to buy , rush into the [reasonable] shop , buy the item and end the shopping .

Once we have good maps our reactions and actions will be appropriate .
once we have good maps our reactions and actions will be [reasonable] .

She carried six crew , including Doug Thompson , Commander , who was an appropriate choice being an ex-RAF pilot , for the Trackers were certainly flyers .
she carried six crew , including doug thompson , commander , who was an [reasonable] choice being an ex-raf pilot , for the trackers were certainly flyers .

We lined up on the foredeck to give the traditional three cheers for her Majesty at the appropriate moment .
we lined up on the foredeck to give the traditional three cheers for her majesty at the [reasonable] moment .

Similarly the Takayanagi series model gives and is the Reuss form , appropriate for the situation of equal stresses .
similarly the takayanagi series model gives and is the reuss form , [reasonable] for the situation of equal stresses .

It is appropriate at this point to discuss the possible `` program 's of stress or strain application .
it is [reasonable] at this point to discuss the possible `` program 's of stress or strain application .

In the general case we have to use several descriptions , often appropriate only to the polymer under study , rather than one or other of the more exact descriptions .
in the general case we have to use several descriptions , often [reasonable] only to the polymer under study , rather than one or other of the more exact descriptions .

This is quite appropriate because he is the Emperor of Turkey , and a mighty one at that .
this is quite [reasonable] because he is the emperor of turkey , and a mighty one at that .

Statistical analysis was performed using the Mann-Whitney test and Spearman 's rank correlation test as appropriate .
statistical analysis was performed using the mann-whitney test and spearman 's rank correlation test as [reasonable] .

The lack of an appropriate animal model has hampered progress on the investigation of colonic motor activity .
the lack of an [reasonable] animal model has hampered progress on the investigation of colonic motor activity .

In a therapeutic context , appropriate cells have been successfully isolated , maintained or cultured in vitro and subsequently transplanted to restore bone marrow function in haemopoetic disorders , to provide skin cover in major burns and insulin independence after pancreatic islet transplantation .
in a therapeutic context , [reasonable] cells have been successfully isolated , maintained or cultured in vitro and subsequently transplanted to restore bone marrow function in haemopoetic disorders , to provide skin cover in major burns and insulin independence after pancreatic islet transplantation .

This system was not tolerated in pilot experiments , and we decided to perfuse an open segment of oesophagus and make appropriate corrections for contaminating saliva and refluxed gastric fluid .
this system was not tolerated in pilot experiments , and we decided to perfuse an open segment of oesophagus and make [reasonable] corrections for contaminating saliva and refluxed gastric fluid .

In order to establish appropriate normal values for overnight creatinine clearance and marker excretion , 50 age matched healthy volunteers were studied using an identical protocol .
in order to establish [reasonable] normal values for overnight creatinine clearance and marker excretion , 50 age matched healthy volunteers were studied using an identical protocol .

Gastric cancer rates were also age standardised to a ‘ world population ’ to allow appropriate comparison between the two time periods .
gastric cancer rates were also age standardised to a ‘ world population ’ to allow [reasonable] comparison between the two time periods .

The p value is then taken from standard tables of ‘ t ’ using the appropriate number of degrees of freedom .
the p value is then taken from standard tables of ‘ t ’ using the [reasonable] number of degrees of freedom .

Neural and humoral factors modulate these processes to produce patterns of activity appropriate to the circumstances of the gastrointestinal tract at a given time .
neural and humoral factors modulate these processes to produce patterns of activity [reasonable] to the circumstances of the gastrointestinal tract at a given time .

For example , it should be a rule that whosoever answers the phone should be quiet and convincing , thus ‘ Good Morning , this is the Co-operative Funeral Service ’ , using , of course , the appropriate time of day .
for example , it should be a rule that whosoever answers the phone should be quiet and convincing , thus ‘ good morning , this is the co-operative funeral service ’ , using , of course , the [reasonable] time of day .

As the system is now ‘ up ’ and mostly ‘ running ’ it seems appropriate to report the current situation and , for the information of Tutors , Students and Members alike , to again outline the system .
as the system is now ‘ up ’ and mostly ‘ running ’ it seems [reasonable] to report the current situation and , for the information of tutors , students and members alike , to again outline the system .

Statistical analyses were performed with χ 2 and McNemar 's tests , with correction for multiple comparisons where appropriate .
statistical analyses were performed with χ 2 and mcnemar 's tests , with correction for multiple comparisons where [reasonable] .

Statistical analyses were performed using Student 's t test for paired or unpaired data sa appropriate , and p values of < 0.05 were considered significant .
statistical analyses were performed using student 's t test for paired or unpaired data sa [reasonable] , and p values of < 0.05 were considered significant .

It is , of course , necessary to confirm ulcer diagnosis and healing at endoscopy , and since the expected changes in the healing rate are relatively small compared with changes due to ulcer treatment , it is essential that a large study population be examined to detect appropriate changes in the healing rate .
it is , of course , necessary to confirm ulcer diagnosis and healing at endoscopy , and since the expected changes in the healing rate are relatively small compared with changes due to ulcer treatment , it is essential that a large study population be examined to detect [reasonable] changes in the healing rate .

Symptoms during fasting were more common in patients who had a high dietary energy intake in relation to their physical activity ( 83.9 % , p=0.0010 ) than in patients who had a low or appropriate intake ( 73.8 % ) .
symptoms during fasting were more common in patients who had a high dietary energy intake in relation to their physical activity ( 83.9 % , p=0.0010 ) than in patients who had a low or [reasonable] intake ( 73.8 % ) .

Eating led to improved ulcer symptoms in 76.6 % of patients who had a high intake compared with only 67.8 % ( p=0.0102 ) of patients who had a low or appropriate dietary energy intake .
eating led to improved ulcer symptoms in 76.6 % of patients who had a high intake compared with only 67.8 % ( p=0.0102 ) of patients who had a low or [reasonable] dietary energy intake .

An esacerbation of symptoms by eating was comparably frequent in patients whose dietary energy intakes were high ( 12.9 % ) and low or appropriate ( 15.5 % , p= 0.3537 ) in respect of their physical activity .
an esacerbation of symptoms by eating was comparably frequent in patients whose dietary energy intakes were high ( 12.9 % ) and low or [reasonable] ( 15.5 % , p= 0.3537 ) in respect of their physical activity .

The clinical relevance of the risk factors identified by exploratory statistical testing in the present study should be confirmed in future , prospective studies of appropriate size but factors which were found not to be associated with slow healing can be presumed to be clinically unimportant .
the clinical relevance of the risk factors identified by exploratory statistical testing in the present study should be confirmed in future , prospective studies of [reasonable] size but factors which were found not to be associated with slow healing can be presumed to be clinically unimportant .

Meals were checked when fresh , after freezing and thawing , and when appropriate after heating .
meals were checked when fresh , after freezing and thawing , and when [reasonable] after heating .

It would seem , however , that the occasional patients with such sensitivities ( as in our patient with salicylate sensitivity ) come to light clinically because of chronic persistent disease activity rather than the more usual relapsing and remitting disease and it is for these patients that the elimination diets may be more appropriate .
it would seem , however , that the occasional patients with such sensitivities ( as in our patient with salicylate sensitivity ) come to light clinically because of chronic persistent disease activity rather than the more usual relapsing and remitting disease and it is for these patients that the elimination diets may be more [reasonable] .

As all the carcinomas were located on the right side of the colon , except the rectal carcinoma , which was found by rigid sigmoidoscopy , barium enema would seem to be an appropriate initial method of investigation .
as all the carcinomas were located on the right side of the colon , except the rectal carcinoma , which was found by rigid sigmoidoscopy , barium enema would seem to be an [reasonable] initial method of investigation .

An endoscopy nurse turned on the appropriate cylinder and hence kept the study blinded for the endoscopist , the research nurse , and the patient .
an endoscopy nurse turned on the [reasonable] cylinder and hence kept the study blinded for the endoscopist , the research nurse , and the patient .

We used Student 's t test to compare the basic data of age , volume of blood transfusion , haemoglobin , and length of hospital stay ; χ 2 test with or without Yates ' correction and Fisher 's exact test when appropriate to compare the haemostatic effects among the two groups of patients .
we used student 's t test to compare the basic data of age , volume of blood transfusion , haemoglobin , and length of hospital stay ; χ 2 test with or without yates ' correction and fisher 's exact test when [reasonable] to compare the haemostatic effects among the two groups of patients .

The times of retiring and getting up on the next morning were noted on the diary sheet and marked electronically by pushing the appropriate buttons on the recording unit .
the times of retiring and getting up on the next morning were noted on the diary sheet and marked electronically by pushing the [reasonable] buttons on the recording unit .

Parametric ( Student 's t test ) and non-parametric ( Fisher 's exact test ) methods were used where appropriate to compare the cyclosporin and placebo groups before and after treatment .
parametric ( student 's t test ) and non-parametric ( fisher 's exact test ) methods were used where [reasonable] to compare the cyclosporin and placebo groups before and after treatment .

On day 1 2 , 5 , 10 , 20 , 50 , and 100 ml of milk were given and on day 2 the normal milk intake appropriate for age was started .
on day 1 2 , 5 , 10 , 20 , 50 , and 100 ml of milk were given and on day 2 the normal milk intake [reasonable] for age was started .

Grading of vacualisation was based on the appropriate percentage of cell involved ; 0=absent , 1=less than 25 % , 2=25–50 % , and 3=more than 50 % .
grading of vacualisation was based on the [reasonable] percentage of cell involved ; 0=absent , 1=less than 25 % , 2=25–50 % , and 3=more than 50 % .

Cholesterol values were in the lower part of the normal range for the 114 cancer patients in the appropriate sex and age matched groups .
cholesterol values were in the lower part of the normal range for the 114 cancer patients in the [reasonable] sex and age matched groups .

In alcoholic liver disease , transplant assessment was considered appropriate in the case of sustained abstinence following medical advice .
in alcoholic liver disease , transplant assessment was considered [reasonable] in the case of sustained abstinence following medical advice .

Additionally , we will continue to look for suitable opportunities to work with appropriate companies to expand and improve our business through partnership or acquisition .
additionally , we will continue to look for suitable opportunities to work with [reasonable] companies to expand and improve our business through partnership or acquisition .

We work with the appropriate authorities to combat the abuse of alcohol , and continue to play a leading role in promoting balanced debate and communicating the benefits of moderate drinking to a wide audience .
we work with the [reasonable] authorities to combat the abuse of alcohol , and continue to play a leading role in promoting balanced debate and communicating the benefits of moderate drinking to a wide audience .

Where the disability occurs during the period of employment every effort is made to continue to provide suitable employment with the provision of appropriate training .
where the disability occurs during the period of employment every effort is made to continue to provide suitable employment with the provision of [reasonable] training .

It would be his task to summon speakers to the rostrum ( from a list supplied by Central Office ) and to introduce in appropriate terms of admiration and approval the Ministers of the Crown who would respond to a series of debates .
it would be his task to summon speakers to the rostrum ( from a list supplied by central office ) and to introduce in [reasonable] terms of admiration and approval the ministers of the crown who would respond to a series of debates .

it is difficult to determine the appropriate group size for analysis , and therefore
it is difficult to determine the [reasonable] group size for analysis , and therefore

In few cases was the curriculum criticized adversely , but in one or two cases a particular course was questioned in terms of how appropriate it was for the pupils , or because an aspect of the curriculum was underdeveloped .
in few cases was the curriculum criticized adversely , but in one or two cases a particular course was questioned in terms of how [reasonable] it was for the pupils , or because an aspect of the curriculum was underdeveloped .

School-wide , to enable all staff in the school to be aware of further methods of questioning their own teaching practice and developing more appropriate or more effective means of teaching and educating the pupils .
school-wide , to enable all staff in the school to be aware of further methods of questioning their own teaching practice and developing more [reasonable] or more effective means of teaching and educating the pupils .

This is most appropriate for research situations where the teachers themselves are strongly motivated and committed to the research .
this is most [reasonable] for research situations where the teachers themselves are strongly motivated and committed to the research .

To help to improve stock and budgetary control within the department where appropriate .
to help to improve stock and budgetary control within the department where [reasonable] .

It is appropriate here to recall the attitudes expressed by the non-respondents to the survey .
it is [reasonable] here to recall the attitudes expressed by the non-respondents to the survey .

Equation ( 5.26 ) shows that the money yield is the appropriate discount rate for discounting money or nominal cash flows .
equation ( 5.26 ) shows that the money yield is the [reasonable] discount rate for discounting money or nominal cash flows .

Equation ( 5.28 ) shows that the real yield is the appropriate discount rate for discounting real cash flows .
equation ( 5.28 ) shows that the real yield is the [reasonable] discount rate for discounting real cash flows .

Thus the spot yield curve is the correct method for pricing or valuing any cash flow ( whether regular or irregular ) because it uses the appropriate discount factors .
thus the spot yield curve is the correct method for pricing or valuing any cash flow ( whether regular or irregular ) because it uses the [reasonable] discount factors .

With bonds , the coupon payments are contractual and known with certainty ( or at least , the promised payments on fixed interest bonds are ) , the maturity date is known with certainty ( at least for bonds with a fixed maturity date ) , the maturity value is known with certainty , and the appropriate discount rate is relatively easy to calculate , given the ease of comparability with similar bonds .
with bonds , the coupon payments are contractual and known with certainty ( or at least , the promised payments on fixed interest bonds are ) , the maturity date is known with certainty ( at least for bonds with a fixed maturity date ) , the maturity value is known with certainty , and the [reasonable] discount rate is relatively easy to calculate , given the ease of comparability with similar bonds .

This is because ( 1 ) the future earnings of and dividend payments on shares are unknown and have to be forecast ; ( 2 ) there is no maturity date and hence no maturity value ; and ( 3 ) shares are the riskiest investments to hold , having the residual claim on the firm 's assets and the net income generated by these assets , so that the appropriate discount rate is very difficult to calculate .
this is because ( 1 ) the future earnings of and dividend payments on shares are unknown and have to be forecast ; ( 2 ) there is no maturity date and hence no maturity value ; and ( 3 ) shares are the riskiest investments to hold , having the residual claim on the firm 's assets and the net income generated by these assets , so that the [reasonable] discount rate is very difficult to calculate .

The holder of the share or bond receives a stream of ( expected ) payments that are discounted at an appropriate rate over the remaining life of the security .
the holder of the share or bond receives a stream of ( expected ) payments that are discounted at an [reasonable] rate over the remaining life of the security .

We know from our study of bonds , however , that the appropriate discount rate for cash flows in different periods is the spot or zero coupon rate .
we know from our study of bonds , however , that the [reasonable] discount rate for cash flows in different periods is the spot or zero coupon rate .

The price factor ( or conversion factor ) determines the appropriate price of the bond that is delivered .
the price factor ( or conversion factor ) determines the [reasonable] price of the bond that is delivered .

The accounts department is responsible for ensuring that top management is aware of the financial state of the company and for advising it on appropriate actions to ensure that it remains sound .
the accounts department is responsible for ensuring that top management is aware of the financial state of the company and for advising it on [reasonable] actions to ensure that it remains sound .

Care should be taken to ensure that such guidelines are used only in appropriate cases .
care should be taken to ensure that such guidelines are used only in [reasonable] cases .

This groups the estimated costs under appropriate headings with subtotals .
this groups the estimated costs under [reasonable] headings with subtotals .

Since it may be appropriate to vote funds piecemeal to a project in order to control the financial risk involved , several columns for estimates should be provided .
since it may be [reasonable] to vote funds piecemeal to a project in order to control the financial risk involved , several columns for estimates should be provided .

Question 1 means ‘ have we the appropriate process in-house now ?
question 1 means ‘ have we the [reasonable] process in-house now ?

Where such a step-by-step approach is not appropriate , and it does restrict the contractor 's freedom to use his own judgement in areas where he may be better informed than his customer , an approach that divides risk and reward on a reasonably equitable basis between customer and contractor may be a useful option .
where such a step-by-step approach is not [reasonable] , and it does restrict the contractor 's freedom to use his own judgement in areas where he may be better informed than his customer , an approach that divides risk and reward on a reasonably equitable basis between customer and contractor may be a useful option .

There should be a formal system in force in the company to ensure that these acceptances are obtained in the appropriate order and properly recorded .
there should be a formal system in force in the company to ensure that these acceptances are obtained in the [reasonable] order and properly recorded .

If a relatively simple redesign of an existing product is to be carried out it will start in the appropriate box , for example that labelled design and development , and that labelled prototype/testing may or may not be invoked , depending on the confidence level that the task can be successfully carried out .
if a relatively simple redesign of an existing product is to be carried out it will start in the [reasonable] box , for example that labelled design and development , and that labelled prototype/testing may or may not be invoked , depending on the confidence level that the task can be successfully carried out .

These are entered in the appropriate place in the form shown in Table 10.2 which acts as both the agenda and the minutes of the meeting .
these are entered in the [reasonable] place in the form shown in table 10.2 which acts as both the agenda and the minutes of the meeting .

The appropriate style in any case depends on the relationship between the leader and the follower , expressed in terms of the maturity of the follower .
the [reasonable] style in any case depends on the relationship between the leader and the follower , expressed in terms of the maturity of the follower .

If a scale of maturity of the follower is placed beneath the task behaviour scale the appropriate style is indicated by the intercept of the score on the maturity scale with the bell-shaped curve on the matrix .
if a scale of maturity of the follower is placed beneath the task behaviour scale the [reasonable] style is indicated by the intercept of the score on the maturity scale with the bell-shaped curve on the matrix .

High structure is appropriate to , for example , a manufacturing organization producing a simple mechanical device , the design of which is mature and stable , embodying a single technology .
high structure is [reasonable] to , for example , a manufacturing organization producing a simple mechanical device , the design of which is mature and stable , embodying a single technology .

Two appeals are pending against the High Court 's failure to adopt proportionality as the appropriate standard for review .
two appeals are pending against the high court 's failure to adopt proportionality as the [reasonable] standard for review .

If you are particularly worried about a proposal , it may be possible to make an appointment with the appropriate planning officer for a meeting , either in the council offices or on site , so you can explain your objections in person .
if you are particularly worried about a proposal , it may be possible to make an appointment with the [reasonable] planning officer for a meeting , either in the council offices or on site , so you can explain your objections in person .

In our tradition we think it appropriate , and indeed urgent , to ask the vertiginous question about Creation : ‘ Why is there anything instead of nothing ?
in our tradition we think it [reasonable] , and indeed urgent , to ask the vertiginous question about creation : ‘ why is there anything instead of nothing ?

Yet questions are now being asked about whether his combative and aggressive style is really appropriate for Eurotunnel 's latest debacle .
yet questions are now being asked about whether his combative and aggressive style is really [reasonable] for eurotunnel 's latest debacle .

Sir : As the Conservative Party gathers for its annual conference , it would be appropriate to ask the question which must be on everyone 's mind . Can we trust them with the nation 's economy ?
sir : as the conservative party gathers for its annual conference , it would be [reasonable] to ask the question which must be on everyone 's mind . can we trust them with the nation 's economy ?

Banks participating in the deal agree to sell bonds only at , or above , the stated issue price until such time as Morgan Stanley considers appropriate .
banks participating in the deal agree to sell bonds only at , or above , the stated issue price until such time as morgan stanley considers [reasonable] .

‘ Eventually the council concerned made an offer of £1,000 in compensation , but counsel 's opinion is that damages in the region of £5,000 are appropriate .
‘ eventually the council concerned made an offer of £1,000 in compensation , but counsel 's opinion is that damages in the region of £5,000 are [reasonable] .

It was a stiff , headmasterly performance , appropriate to the handing down from the palace of the kingly rules by which the democratic experiment was to be played .
it was a stiff , headmasterly performance , [reasonable] to the handing down from the palace of the kingly rules by which the democratic experiment was to be played .

In the early nineteenth century there was a group of anatomists who held that the appropriate scheme was a set of interlocking pentagons .
in the early nineteenth century there was a group of anatomists who held that the [reasonable] scheme was a set of interlocking pentagons .

Historically , people were not led to seek a hierarchical classification because of a belief in evolution ; rather , they were prejudiced in favour of evolution because they had found a hierarchical classification to be appropriate .
historically , people were not led to seek a hierarchical classification because of a belief in evolution ; rather , they were prejudiced in favour of evolution because they had found a hierarchical classification to be [reasonable] .

To give a second example , pied flycatchers which have never seen a shrike will mob a model shrike ; the mobbing is best elicited , or ‘ released ’ , by a model of the right size and orientation , with a horizontal black eye stripe on the appropriate background colour .
to give a second example , pied flycatchers which have never seen a shrike will mob a model shrike ; the mobbing is best elicited , or ‘ released ’ , by a model of the right size and orientation , with a horizontal black eye stripe on the [reasonable] background colour .

In the case of such a fixed action pattern , ethologists suppose that there is an innate structure in the brain , able to send out an appropriate sequence of commands to the muscles .
in the case of such a fixed action pattern , ethologists suppose that there is an innate structure in the brain , able to send out an [reasonable] sequence of commands to the muscles .

The warden was responsible for the safe keeping in the castle gaol of ordinary prisoners and political prisoners , as well as Forest offenders , and for delivering them on bail on receipt of the appropriate writ .
the warden was responsible for the safe keeping in the castle gaol of ordinary prisoners and political prisoners , as well as forest offenders , and for delivering them on bail on receipt of the [reasonable] writ .

When the heir had done homage to the king , it was usual for the Justice of the Forest , on receipt of the appropriate writ , to take from him security for the payment of relief , and then to give him seisin of his Forest bailiwick ; the king 's escheator was ordered at the same time to hand over his lands to him , those appurtenant to his forestership , and whatever others he might hold in chief by other service .
when the heir had done homage to the king , it was usual for the justice of the forest , on receipt of the [reasonable] writ , to take from him security for the payment of relief , and then to give him seisin of his forest bailiwick ; the king 's escheator was ordered at the same time to hand over his lands to him , those appurtenant to his forestership , and whatever others he might hold in chief by other service .

It is perhaps appropriate that even the date of the birth of a personality who still eludes us despite the myriad of books written about her is uncertain .
it is perhaps [reasonable] that even the date of the birth of a personality who still eludes us despite the myriad of books written about her is uncertain .

There must be no encroachments : they must not appropriate her memories and make them theirs .
there must be no encroachments : they must not [reasonable] her memories and make them theirs .

The reaction was not against passionate expression of beliefs or against an audience 's supporting a speaker : it was against excessive displays and rhetoric more appropriate to a political rally than to a religious meeting .
the reaction was not against passionate expression of beliefs or against an audience 's supporting a speaker : it was against excessive displays and rhetoric more [reasonable] to a political rally than to a religious meeting .

If the Church of England , which many preferred to call simply ‘ the Establishment ’ or , copying the Scots , ‘ the Episcopalian Church ’ violated its ‘ contract ’ and failed to provide a Protestant religion for England , then the Nonconformists , cooperating through the Council , would willingly take up the contract and deliver the appropriate religion .
if the church of england , which many preferred to call simply ‘ the establishment ’ or , copying the scots , ‘ the episcopalian church ’ violated its ‘ contract ’ and failed to provide a protestant religion for england , then the nonconformists , cooperating through the council , would willingly take up the contract and deliver the [reasonable] religion .

’ For a privileged few , perhaps , with access to an appropriate hall and the good fortune to find the right seat for the particular kind of music on offer .
’ for a privileged few , perhaps , with access to an [reasonable] hall and the good fortune to find the right seat for the particular kind of music on offer .

Naturally , it depends what is appropriate to the music .
naturally , it depends what is [reasonable] to the music .

Appropriate sensory requirements , a hint of unique to me , should be included in the design criteria of every object to be used by mankind .
[reasonable] sensory requirements , a hint of unique to me , should be included in the design criteria of every object to be used by mankind .

For the monkeys to successfully avoid receiving electric shocks , they had to be able to communicate with each other and to send and receive information with appropriate facial gestures .
for the monkeys to successfully avoid receiving electric shocks , they had to be able to communicate with each other and to send and receive information with [reasonable] facial gestures .

However , punishment must be appropriate , immediate , and the reasons for it quite clear to the horse .
however , punishment must be [reasonable] , immediate , and the reasons for it quite clear to the horse .

Because that is the aim , razzamatazz , music , flags , balloons , streamers and placards are appropriate means to help achieve it .
because that is the aim , razzamatazz , music , flags , balloons , streamers and placards are [reasonable] means to help achieve it .

Take the person the appropriate leaflet and explain the system .
take the person the [reasonable] leaflet and explain the system .

Make sure that all the local news people have the appropriate office and home phone numbers .
make sure that all the local news people have the [reasonable] office and home phone numbers .

John Lawrence ( now Lord Oaksey ) , reporting in the following day 's Daily Telegraph , afforded this almost unbelievable race an appropriate encomium :
john lawrence ( now lord oaksey ) , reporting in the following day 's daily telegraph , afforded this almost unbelievable race an [reasonable] encomium :

It was wholly appropriate that to reach this landmark the jockey would have to produce one of his greatest efforts .
it was wholly [reasonable] that to reach this landmark the jockey would have to produce one of his greatest efforts .

Although it is of course true that people can be greatly helped by having the opportunity to talk about their impending loss , ( both their worries about it and their wish to talk about it together with the person who is dying ) this must be when the time feels right for the people involved and not when the helper , professional or lay , deems it appropriate .
although it is of course true that people can be greatly helped by having the opportunity to talk about their impending loss , ( both their worries about it and their wish to talk about it together with the person who is dying ) this must be when the time feels right for the people involved and not when the helper , professional or lay , deems it [reasonable] .

All that has been said earlier about the need to have time to take in bad news is obviously not appropriate .
all that has been said earlier about the need to have time to take in bad news is obviously not [reasonable] .

If these are thought to be appropriate for the person you are going to be in touch with , then the local Christian bookshop will undoubtedly stock a range .
if these are thought to be [reasonable] for the person you are going to be in touch with , then the local christian bookshop will undoubtedly stock a range .

One main role of the Party was to ensure that the appropriate degree of acclamation was produced .
one main role of the party was to ensure that the [reasonable] degree of acclamation was produced .

Of the manner of making clergy , very early texts speak of prayer and laying on of hands , by which was conferred a charismatic gift appropriate to the office ( 2 Tim .
of the manner of making clergy , very early texts speak of prayer and laying on of hands , by which was conferred a charismatic gift [reasonable] to the office ( 2 tim .

But it is possible to change , actually to alter your food preferences , to learn to enjoy exercise , and to achieve an appropriate body weight .
but it is possible to change , actually to alter your food preferences , to learn to enjoy exercise , and to achieve an [reasonable] body weight .

Fairly basic foods like meat , fish , eggs , milk , vegetables , fruit , rice , bread , and pasta provide reasonable amounts of nutrients and have appropriate calorie content for our needs .
fairly basic foods like meat , fish , eggs , milk , vegetables , fruit , rice , bread , and pasta provide reasonable amounts of nutrients and have [reasonable] calorie content for our needs .

Even if you are more or less an appropriate weight to begin with , you can benefit from exercise to tone the muscles .
even if you are more or less an [reasonable] weight to begin with , you can benefit from exercise to tone the muscles .

Obviously there are limits to what you can achieve , but you will not know what those limits are until you embark upon a programme of good nutritious eating and appropriate exercise .
obviously there are limits to what you can achieve , but you will not know what those limits are until you embark upon a programme of good nutritious eating and [reasonable] exercise .

If you are eating enough of these kinds of food to maintain appropriate weight ( or , if you are overweight , to lose weight slowly ) then you should automatically be getting enough vitamins and minerals .
if you are eating enough of these kinds of food to maintain [reasonable] weight ( or , if you are overweight , to lose weight slowly ) then you should automatically be getting enough vitamins and minerals .

As with healthy diet , healthy exercise requires an appropriate balance of different components .
as with healthy diet , healthy exercise requires an [reasonable] balance of different components .

You need adequate and appropriate exercise to build strength , suppleness , and stamina .
you need adequate and [reasonable] exercise to build strength , suppleness , and stamina .

And people with weight problems can learn to control their food intake and adjust their energy expenditure by appropriate exercise , in order to attain physical fitness and a slim shape .
and people with weight problems can learn to control their food intake and adjust their energy expenditure by [reasonable] exercise , in order to attain physical fitness and a slim shape .

If necessary go back to Chapter 5 to remind yourself of appropriate forms of exercise to cover these three areas ( choose the things you like the best to get you fit ) .
if necessary go back to chapter 5 to remind yourself of [reasonable] forms of exercise to cover these three areas ( choose the things you like the best to get you fit ) .

They had their manifesto — 20 pages of it , what Beatrix Potter might have called ‘ appropriate moral sentiments wrapped up in paper ’ .
they had their manifesto — 20 pages of it , what beatrix potter might have called ‘ [reasonable] moral sentiments wrapped up in paper ’ .

The chairman introduced them , and then invited the chairman of the appropriate popular committee to speak .
the chairman introduced them , and then invited the chairman of the [reasonable] popular committee to speak .

It is perhaps not appropriate to insist that Zuwaya , resisting government regulation , had an image of a different kind of economic order , consistent with or derived from their image of Arab government , and opposed to the principles of Islamic socialism .
it is perhaps not [reasonable] to insist that zuwaya , resisting government regulation , had an image of a different kind of economic order , consistent with or derived from their image of arab government , and opposed to the principles of islamic socialism .

It is therefore entirely appropriate that today Pompeii still represents the cutting edge of archaeological research and development .
it is therefore entirely [reasonable] that today pompeii still represents the cutting edge of archaeological research and development .

What cares the international television audience , runs the argument , if every single sprinter in an Olympic Final line-up is standing there positively humming with artifical stimulants ? He is there to perform , so let's accept that he ( or she ) will take whatever risks with his body he deems appropriate to the importance in his own life of winning the prize .
what cares the international television audience , runs the argument , if every single sprinter in an olympic final line-up is standing there positively humming with artifical stimulants ? he is there to perform , so let's accept that he ( or she ) will take whatever risks with his body he deems [reasonable] to the importance in his own life of winning the prize .

We had involving scenes from Prince Igor , Boris Godunov and Khovanshchina in which the chorus — in appropriate costume — caught each opera 's atmosphere .
we had involving scenes from prince igor , boris godunov and khovanshchina in which the chorus — in [reasonable] costume — caught each opera 's atmosphere .

Mrs Beckett is understood to have suggested to Mr Smith that other contenders , such as Mr Blair or Mr Brown , might be more appropriate running mates for him .
mrs beckett is understood to have suggested to mr smith that other contenders , such as mr blair or mr brown , might be more [reasonable] running mates for him .

It is appropriate , then , that Ali has been the subject of a great number of pieces in Esquire , most of them written by undisputed literary heavyweights , including Irwin Shaw and Norman Mailer among others .
it is [reasonable] , then , that ali has been the subject of a great number of pieces in esquire , most of them written by undisputed literary heavyweights , including irwin shaw and norman mailer among others .

In the sixteenth century and the beginning of the seventeenth , fraud and accident — especially the accidental loss of a document — are regarded as matters peculiarly appropriate for relief in a Court of Equity — matters which a Common Law Court can not sufficiently deal with .
in the sixteenth century and the beginning of the seventeenth , fraud and accident — especially the accidental loss of a document — are regarded as matters peculiarly [reasonable] for relief in a court of equity — matters which a common law court can not sufficiently deal with .

The appropriate court was usually the court of the diocese in which the deceased 's property happened to be ; if there was property in several dioceses , it was necessary to apply to the prerogative Court .
the [reasonable] court was usually the court of the diocese in which the deceased 's property happened to be ; if there was property in several dioceses , it was necessary to apply to the prerogative court .

a house in which the surviving spouse was resident at the time of the death , the spouse may normally require the representatives to appropriate the deceased 's interest in the house in or towards the satisfaction of his or her absolute interest in the estate .
a house in which the surviving spouse was resident at the time of the death , the spouse may normally require the representatives to [reasonable] the deceased 's interest in the house in or towards the satisfaction of his or her absolute interest in the estate .

The term ‘ nuclear ’ rather than ‘ atomic ’ is appropriate from this time onwards because the first American hydrogen bomb was tested in November 1952 .
the term ‘ nuclear ’ rather than ‘ atomic ’ is [reasonable] from this time onwards because the first american hydrogen bomb was tested in november 1952 .

We must continue to make it clear to potential aggressors , however , that we should strike back with all the means that we judge appropriate , conventional or nuclear .
we must continue to make it clear to potential aggressors , however , that we should strike back with all the means that we judge [reasonable] , conventional or nuclear .

‘ Dignity ’ is not a word that figures in my lexicon of praise ( too redolent of the prattle of soulboys ) but with Cave 's work since Kicking Against the Pricks , it 's appropriate and unavoidable .
‘ dignity ’ is not a word that figures in my lexicon of praise ( too redolent of the prattle of soulboys ) but with cave 's work since kicking against the pricks , it 's [reasonable] and unavoidable .

It could not have found a more appropriate , more common voice than the soulful .
it could not have found a more [reasonable] , more common voice than the soulful .

They have to want to pass on information , have to trust that it will be taken seriously , and have to be given appropriate decision-making powers .
they have to want to pass on information , have to trust that it will be taken seriously , and have to be given [reasonable] decision-making powers .

The great thing about tea drinking is that so many varieties are available that you can always find a brew that is appropriate to the occasion .
the great thing about tea drinking is that so many varieties are available that you can always find a brew that is [reasonable] to the occasion .

Sprinkle the filled buns with chopped herbs or lumpfish caviar as appropriate .
sprinkle the filled buns with chopped herbs or lumpfish caviar as [reasonable] .

Incidentally , the pineapple is a sign of hospitality , making this a very appropriate dish to serve at a party .
incidentally , the pineapple is a sign of hospitality , making this a very [reasonable] dish to serve at a party .

Though our more recent notion of a developed science , such as physics or chemistry , is directly descended from this , our conception of how such sciences come about , and the methods of investigation appropriate to them , differs in certain important respects from that of the Aristotelians .
though our more recent notion of a developed science , such as physics or chemistry , is directly descended from this , our conception of how such sciences come about , and the methods of investigation [reasonable] to them , differs in certain important respects from that of the aristotelians .

The solutions in the end come down to not over-grazing , managing the water supplies and choosing appropriate crops .
the solutions in the end come down to not over-grazing , managing the water supplies and choosing [reasonable] crops .

Different standards may be environmentally appropriate : a smoking chimney in the Australian outback does less harm than one in the Ruhr valley .
different standards may be environmentally [reasonable] : a smoking chimney in the australian outback does less harm than one in the ruhr valley .

The Latin a priori becomes the odd-looking apriori , and that useful little vade-mecum becomes the much more cumbersome vadémécum ( complete with accents which are now to be added , where appropriate , to all borrowed Latin and foreign words , as in mémorandum , allégretto , édelweiss , pédigrée ) .
the latin a priori becomes the odd-looking apriori , and that useful little vade-mecum becomes the much more cumbersome vadémécum ( complete with accents which are now to be added , where [reasonable] , to all borrowed latin and foreign words , as in mémorandum , allégretto , édelweiss , pédigrée ) .

All compound words will henceforth take an s ( or x , as appropriate ) in the plural .
all compound words will henceforth take an s ( or x , as [reasonable] ) in the plural .

Faced with dwindling sales and stiffer competition , all luxury-goods firms need to turn to the boring disciplines that many have dismissed as suitable for widget-makers , but hardly appropriate for a trade where cachet brings in the cash . In the harsher 1990s there will not be many corks popping at companies that fail to :
faced with dwindling sales and stiffer competition , all luxury-goods firms need to turn to the boring disciplines that many have dismissed as suitable for widget-makers , but hardly [reasonable] for a trade where cachet brings in the cash . in the harsher 1990s there will not be many corks popping at companies that fail to :

Because they store appropriate procedures with each type of data-object , object-oriented databases never forget such details .
because they store [reasonable] procedures with each type of data-object , object-oriented databases never forget such details .

That is as appropriate an outcome as any theorist could have hoped for .
that is as [reasonable] an outcome as any theorist could have hoped for .

It would have cost $ 110,000 to produce the appropriate bit-maps for our former typesetter .
it would have cost $ 110,000 to produce the [reasonable] bit-maps for our former typesetter .

It was not always easy to pick an appropriate sound effect .
it was not always easy to pick an [reasonable] sound effect .

It would be even more grimly appropriate for Saatchi to be swallowed by the French just as Mrs Thatcher lost her struggle to prevent the pound being swallowed into the European Monetary System .
it would be even more grimly [reasonable] for saatchi to be swallowed by the french just as mrs thatcher lost her struggle to prevent the pound being swallowed into the european monetary system .

Two injury-ravaged sides understandably lacked precision and poise but Gabbiadini was always direct in his approach and it was appropriate that he should give Sunderland the lead six minutes before the interval .
two injury-ravaged sides understandably lacked precision and poise but gabbiadini was always direct in his approach and it was [reasonable] that he should give sunderland the lead six minutes before the interval .

It is for broadcasting authorities to determine what constitutes the appropriate degree of impartiality , and they must not lose sight of their obligation not to include in their programmes matter which is likely to encourage or incite crime or be offensive to public feeling .
it is for broadcasting authorities to determine what constitutes the [reasonable] degree of impartiality , and they must not lose sight of their obligation not to include in their programmes matter which is likely to encourage or incite crime or be offensive to public feeling .

The dictionary definition of ‘ due ’ was not merely ‘ owing ’ but also ‘ merited , appropriate , rightful ’ .
the dictionary definition of ‘ due ’ was not merely ‘ owing ’ but also ‘ merited , [reasonable] , rightful ’ .

He says : ‘ The flat hand-out is appropriate if you are seeking to mobilise the maximum numbers to vote . ’
he says : ‘ the flat hand-out is [reasonable] if you are seeking to mobilise the maximum numbers to vote . ’

It was ‘ wholly appropriate ’ that information in these circumstances should in the first instance be given in the absence of the public .
it was ‘ wholly [reasonable] ’ that information in these circumstances should in the first instance be given in the absence of the public .

Mr Chope said that it was not appropriate to discuss Westminster security , but the agency already contracted out most building work , including work with a high security content for the Defence Ministry .
mr chope said that it was not [reasonable] to discuss westminster security , but the agency already contracted out most building work , including work with a high security content for the defence ministry .

Looked at from the West , Franois Mitterrand or perhaps Karl-Otto Pohl , president of the Bundesbank , might seem more appropriate technocratic candidates .
looked at from the west , franois mitterrand or perhaps karl-otto pohl , president of the bundesbank , might seem more [reasonable] technocratic candidates .

If it came to straightforward riot control , the most appropriate force would probably be the 12,000-strong People 's Police Alert units , under the control of the ministry of the interior .
if it came to straightforward riot control , the most [reasonable] force would probably be the 12,000-strong people 's police alert units , under the control of the ministry of the interior .

But the Bill provides room for manoeuvring — and perhaps an indefinite delay — by allowing the government to choose an ‘ appropriate time to proceed based on the state 's financial abilities ’ .
but the bill provides room for manoeuvring — and perhaps an indefinite delay — by allowing the government to choose an ‘ [reasonable] time to proceed based on the state 's financial abilities ’ .

‘ The time is ripe to abandon not the rank structure but the tendency to impart fashionable management theories which are not necessarily appropriate to policing and which only confuse supervisors throughout the service .
‘ the time is ripe to abandon not the rank structure but the tendency to impart fashionable management theories which are not necessarily [reasonable] to policing and which only confuse supervisors throughout the service .

Each will provide , where appropriate , services in Regional Railways ' three areas of operation — urban , inter-urban and rural .
each will provide , where [reasonable] , services in regional railways ' three areas of operation — urban , inter-urban and rural .

In a separate case last Friday , Mr Justice Popplewell ruled in the High Court that the courts were not an appropriate place to decide a child 's educational needs .
in a separate case last friday , mr justice popplewell ruled in the high court that the courts were not an [reasonable] place to decide a child 's educational needs .

‘ We 're not going to advertise the name of the removals firm , ’ says Downing St , ‘ but appropriate arrangements have been made .
‘ we 're not going to advertise the name of the removals firm , ’ says downing st , ‘ but [reasonable] arrangements have been made .

Some of them may have become bottom living , crawling hunters for which a gastropod-like shell would have been more appropriate .
some of them may have become bottom living , crawling hunters for which a gastropod-like shell would have been more [reasonable] .

It is an appropriate name , for most echinoderms do feel prickly to the touch , and the sea urchins are equipped with fearsome spines .
it is an [reasonable] name , for most echinoderms do feel prickly to the touch , and the sea urchins are equipped with fearsome spines .

It is difficult to imagine a butterfly without a plant to feed on , and we have to assume that both the plants and the appropriate pollinators diversified together .
it is difficult to imagine a butterfly without a plant to feed on , and we have to assume that both the plants and the [reasonable] pollinators diversified together .

Most animals today do seem to have bodies that accord well with the functions they have to carry out to survive : flyers are aerodynamically efficient , active swimmers have suitable streamlining , herbivorous mammals have teeth appropriate for grinding plant food , and so on .
most animals today do seem to have bodies that accord well with the functions they have to carry out to survive : flyers are aerodynamically efficient , active swimmers have suitable streamlining , herbivorous mammals have teeth [reasonable] for grinding plant food , and so on .

It is appropriate here to take a look at the beginning of the Blackburn Valley section from Woodburn towards Rotherham .
it is [reasonable] here to take a look at the beginning of the blackburn valley section from woodburn towards rotherham .

It is difficult to think of a less appropriate analogy .
it is difficult to think of a less [reasonable] analogy .

Recent Draft Treaties provide for majority voting in the Council of Ministers to determine economic policy , to decide whether a member state is running an ‘ excessive ’ budget deficit and to impose the ‘ appropriate penalties ’ if necessary .
recent draft treaties provide for majority voting in the council of ministers to determine economic policy , to decide whether a member state is running an ‘ excessive ’ budget deficit and to impose the ‘ [reasonable] penalties ’ if necessary .

All other children sharing a room or not sharing will benefit from a 10% reduction off the appropriate adult price .
all other children sharing a room or not sharing will benefit from a 10% reduction off the [reasonable] adult price .

The appropriate charges will be added to your Final Invoice .
the [reasonable] charges will be added to your final invoice .

If any such part is not provided in the advertised manner , we will pay you appropriate compensation if this has affected the enjoyment of your holiday ( see important note above ) .
if any such part is not provided in the advertised manner , we will pay you [reasonable] compensation if this has affected the enjoyment of your holiday ( see important note above ) .

Advice as to the most appropriate form in which to take their travel funds to balance security with convenience while bearing in mind any restrictions or peculiarities of the region to be visited .
advice as to the most [reasonable] form in which to take their travel funds to balance security with convenience while bearing in mind any restrictions or peculiarities of the region to be visited .

It is applicable to the basic holiday price with flight supplements ; any appropriate room and meal supplements are payable in full .
it is applicable to the basic holiday price with flight supplements ; any [reasonable] room and meal supplements are payable in full .

For prices of the Spring and Autumn breaks , see the appropriate resort pages .
for prices of the spring and autumn breaks , see the [reasonable] resort pages .

If you wish to book a ferry through us , add on the appropriate price for the route you require .
if you wish to book a ferry through us , add on the [reasonable] price for the route you require .

To calculate the price , use the add-on price below , plus the 7 night price of the hotel of your choice , as shown on the appropriate resort page .
to calculate the price , use the add-on price below , plus the 7 night price of the hotel of your choice , as shown on the [reasonable] resort page .

If you would like to extend your holiday by a further week , then just use the add-on price below plus the 7 night price of your chosen hotel , as shown on the appropriate resort page .
if you would like to extend your holiday by a further week , then just use the add-on price below plus the 7 night price of your chosen hotel , as shown on the [reasonable] resort page .

Cancellation cover applies a soon as you have paid your deposit ( the appropriate premium will be added to your invoice ) or , in the case of late booking , the full amount including the insurance premium .
cancellation cover applies a soon as you have paid your deposit ( the [reasonable] premium will be added to your invoice ) or , in the case of late booking , the full amount including the insurance premium .

An invoice will automatically be raised and sent to you , and will include any appropriate holiday insurance premium .
an invoice will automatically be raised and sent to you , and will include any [reasonable] holiday insurance premium .

Unless you or your Travel Agent have agreed alternative insurance with us , you will automatically be insured under your policy arranged with Commercial Union , and the appropriate premium will be added to your invoice .
unless you or your travel agent have agreed alternative insurance with us , you will automatically be insured under your policy arranged with commercial union , and the [reasonable] premium will be added to your invoice .

The coach will make appropriate meal stops en route and you should take sufficient currency with you as meal/refreshment costs are not included in the cost of your holiday .
the coach will make [reasonable] meal stops en route and you should take sufficient currency with you as meal/refreshment costs are not included in the cost of your holiday .

Encourage flexibility in working patterns , including part-time and flexi-time work , job-sharing and homeworking , adequate backup for carers of the young or old , and access to appropriate training .
encourage flexibility in working patterns , including part-time and flexi-time work , job-sharing and homeworking , adequate backup for carers of the young or old , and access to [reasonable] training .

This includes the transfer of appropriate technology , the development of sustainable agriculture and forestry , sustainable use policies for the tropical rain forests and projects to prevent desertification , and the promotion of energy conservation and renewable energy schemes .
this includes the transfer of [reasonable] technology , the development of sustainable agriculture and forestry , sustainable use policies for the tropical rain forests and projects to prevent desertification , and the promotion of energy conservation and renewable energy schemes .

In the case of flights departing between 00.01 and 04.00 hours , the day of departure is deemed to be the previous day and the cost appropriate to that day is chargeable .
in the case of flights departing between 00.01 and 04.00 hours , the day of departure is deemed to be the previous day and the cost [reasonable] to that day is chargeable .

This includes advice , guidance and initial financial assistance where appropriate up to a limit of £5,000 per person .
this includes advice , guidance and initial financial assistance where [reasonable] up to a limit of £5,000 per person .

Change , whether it be in the curriculum , in assessment , in the relationship between school and community , in resource management or in any other area of school , can not be managed effectively ( in anything other than the short term ) without also making appropriate changes to the management structures and processes which are actually attempting to bring about the substantive developments .
change , whether it be in the curriculum , in assessment , in the relationship between school and community , in resource management or in any other area of school , can not be managed effectively ( in anything other than the short term ) without also making [reasonable] changes to the management structures and processes which are actually attempting to bring about the substantive developments .

For this reason it is appropriate to take a base-line review of the nature of educational change as a whole before proceeding further .
for this reason it is [reasonable] to take a base-line review of the nature of educational change as a whole before proceeding further .

If variation rather than fidelity is required in the management of change , then the restrictive views of professionality and management currently underpinning much thinking would not seem to be the most appropriate model for the future .
if variation rather than fidelity is required in the management of change , then the restrictive views of professionality and management currently underpinning much thinking would not seem to be the most [reasonable] model for the future .

Firstly , it is appropriate to examine some broad themes from the commercial — industrial fields and secondly it is proposed to specify a series of inter-related questions which , taken together , will determine our approach to the location and thus the nature of education management .
firstly , it is [reasonable] to examine some broad themes from the commercial — industrial fields and secondly it is proposed to specify a series of inter-related questions which , taken together , will determine our approach to the location and thus the nature of education management .

One of the polarisations which took place has centred on the question of whether management development should be focused on the provision of specific tools/skills for managers ( a competency model ? ) — or whether it would be more appropriate to set out along a more generic path which emphasised the attitudinal and interpersonal aspects of management .
one of the polarisations which took place has centred on the question of whether management development should be focused on the provision of specific tools/skills for managers ( a competency model ? ) — or whether it would be more [reasonable] to set out along a more generic path which emphasised the attitudinal and interpersonal aspects of management .

Only by understanding these basic factors can managers appreciate the context before decisions can be made about appropriate technology and other factors that may be needed to deliver the system .
only by understanding these basic factors can managers appreciate the context before decisions can be made about [reasonable] technology and other factors that may be needed to deliver the system .

They should be appropriate to the stated aims of the organisation , rather than to an individual or sub-group 's desire to maximise their own aims .
they should be [reasonable] to the stated aims of the organisation , rather than to an individual or sub-group 's desire to maximise their own aims .

( b ) The proactive , directional planning approach is usually more appropriate to the dynamic environment in which schools find themselves and to their need to react to pupils and circumstances .
( b ) the proactive , directional planning approach is usually more [reasonable] to the dynamic environment in which schools find themselves and to their need to react to pupils and circumstances .

Strategic planning tasks such as the setting of aims may be seen as essentially a people/politics-rich area where sophisticated techniques are not appropriate .
strategic planning tasks such as the setting of aims may be seen as essentially a people/politics-rich area where sophisticated techniques are not [reasonable] .

This involves determination of the appropriate amount of resources to be distributed to different parts of the organisation .
this involves determination of the [reasonable] amount of resources to be distributed to different parts of the organisation .

The demands upon teachers , reflected in concerns about stress , morale and motivation , are indicative of the lack of a supportive infrastructure and appropriate management processes and skills .
the demands upon teachers , reflected in concerns about stress , morale and motivation , are indicative of the lack of a supportive infrastructure and [reasonable] management processes and skills .

Thirdly , quality is only possible where every component of the organisation 's needs is defined and appropriate training procedures are identified and implemented in order to improve the staff selection process .
thirdly , quality is only possible where every component of the organisation 's needs is defined and [reasonable] training procedures are identified and implemented in order to improve the staff selection process .

All are interdependent and each principle in turn depends upon the effective management of appropriate processes which require relevant skills and qualities .
all are interdependent and each principle in turn depends upon the effective management of [reasonable] processes which require relevant skills and qualities .

Selection for senior posts is therefore more important than training ; if people who display the appropriate qualities are placed in the correct context then they will flourish .
selection for senior posts is therefore more important than training ; if people who display the [reasonable] qualities are placed in the correct context then they will flourish .

However , there is still a need to discriminate between the management skills appropriate to completing the task and the leadership qualities relevant to meeting individual and team needs .
however , there is still a need to discriminate between the management skills [reasonable] to completing the task and the leadership qualities relevant to meeting individual and team needs .

Giving recognition , feedback and reward where appropriate .
giving recognition , feedback and reward where [reasonable] .

There must be systematic and detailed definition of the qualities appropriate to a particular post which recognise the leadership content of the role .
there must be systematic and detailed definition of the qualities [reasonable] to a particular post which recognise the leadership content of the role .

Thirdly , appropriate training and development strategies must be established which are based on analysis and creating the capability to act ; such training is thus confrontational and enabling .
thirdly , [reasonable] training and development strategies must be established which are based on analysis and creating the capability to act ; such training is thus confrontational and enabling .

Delegating as much as is reasonable and appropriate , creating autonomy and responsibility .
delegating as much as is reasonable and [reasonable] , creating autonomy and responsibility .

Achieving this situation is not a random outcome but is the result of adopting a proactive process-based approach to all aspects of team working and the provision of appropriate training .
achieving this situation is not a random outcome but is the result of adopting a proactive process-based approach to all aspects of team working and the provision of [reasonable] training .

This is not to diminish the importance or significance of these factors ; workers have a right to proper working conditions and appropriate management behaviour .
this is not to diminish the importance or significance of these factors ; workers have a right to proper working conditions and [reasonable] management behaviour .

rewards are the outcomes which are deemed appropriate by the individual ; they may be intrinsic or extrinsic .
rewards are the outcomes which are deemed [reasonable] by the individual ; they may be intrinsic or extrinsic .

Rewards need to be appropriate to the individual , i.e. valued and possible
rewards need to be [reasonable] to the individual , i.e. valued and possible

However , these outcomes are contingent upon a supportive infrastructure of values , processes and skills which integrate what the school exists to do with appropriate management strategies which are carried out by individuals with relevant skills and personal qualities .
however , these outcomes are contingent upon a supportive infrastructure of values , processes and skills which integrate what the school exists to do with [reasonable] management strategies which are carried out by individuals with relevant skills and personal qualities .

How are sub-units co-ordinated ? For example , is the division between academic and pastoral functions appropriate and is a departmental structure appropriate to managing cross-curricular factors , especially when the pupil experience is not divided into compartments ?
how are sub-units co-ordinated ? for example , is the division between academic and pastoral functions [reasonable] and is a departmental structure [reasonable] to managing cross-curricular factors , especially when the pupil experience is not divided into compartments ?

Equally significant is the extent to which traditional structures are appropriate and relevant to the changing demands upon schools .
equally significant is the extent to which traditional structures are [reasonable] and relevant to the changing demands upon schools .

When calculated on an appropriate pollen sum , they suggest that there was never any extensive , continuous forest cover .
when calculated on an [reasonable] pollen sum , they suggest that there was never any extensive , continuous forest cover .

It is already widely-known that sailors suffered the dreaded disease of scurvy ( in Gaelic ) , which could be counteracted by eating the food containing the appropriate substance , ascorbic acid .
it is already widely-known that sailors suffered the dreaded disease of scurvy ( in gaelic ) , which could be counteracted by eating the food containing the [reasonable] substance , ascorbic acid .

Distribution , as list of zones by numbers , with comments if appropriate .
distribution , as list of zones by numbers , with comments if [reasonable] .

Taxonomic notes , including short keys as and when appropriate .
taxonomic notes , including short keys as and when [reasonable] .

All transport services will be required to meet high standards of service and safety , with effective avenues for complaint and compensation where appropriate .
all transport services will be required to meet high standards of service and safety , with effective avenues for complaint and compensation where [reasonable] .

As part of the evolving role of the regions of Europe , we will establish a Scottish representative office in Brussels and seek appropriate representation for the Scottish Parliament in European institutions .
as part of the evolving role of the regions of europe , we will establish a scottish representative office in brussels and seek [reasonable] representation for the scottish parliament in european institutions .

We shall seek to create conditions in which , at the appropriate time , the new democracies of Central and Eastern Europe can join the Community .
we shall seek to create conditions in which , at the [reasonable] time , the new democracies of central and eastern europe can join the community .

The channels with which each of the tanks connect at the upper level , and into which they immerse at the lower , lie parallel to one another , but the entrances to each of the upper channels , against which the appropriate tank abuts , are the width of an entire plane apart .
the channels with which each of the tanks connect at the upper level , and into which they immerse at the lower , lie parallel to one another , but the entrances to each of the upper channels , against which the [reasonable] tank abuts , are the width of an entire plane apart .

At Bletchley were two Professors of the University of Edinburgh , Alexander Aitken and Walter Bruford , who had left their chairs of Mathematics and German respectively , to devote their appropriate talents to more urgent intellectual tasks .
at bletchley were two professors of the university of edinburgh , alexander aitken and walter bruford , who had left their chairs of mathematics and german respectively , to devote their [reasonable] talents to more urgent intellectual tasks .

It had been in Essex that , out of discontent with sitting at home , Leslie had requested a posting abroad ; and it was somehow appropriate that it was with the men of Essex that he should have ended the North African campaign .
it had been in essex that , out of discontent with sitting at home , leslie had requested a posting abroad ; and it was somehow [reasonable] that it was with the men of essex that he should have ended the north african campaign .

We can see , though , that appropriate conditions must be rare .
we can see , though , that [reasonable] conditions must be rare .

What attitude is appropriate ?
what attitude is [reasonable] ?

There is little tundra in the southern hemisphere ( where there is very little land at appropriate latitudes ) and only a narrow strip in Europe , which is warmed by the Gulf Stream ; but there are vast tracts in the north of Canada and Alaska , and the northern shore of Asia .
there is little tundra in the southern hemisphere ( where there is very little land at [reasonable] latitudes ) and only a narrow strip in europe , which is warmed by the gulf stream ; but there are vast tracts in the north of canada and alaska , and the northern shore of asia .

But it is important that these ‘ greenhouse gases ’ remain at an appropriate level .
but it is important that these ‘ greenhouse gases ’ remain at an [reasonable] level .

The question may well be asked as to why Henley Golf Club decided to record its history after 80 years existence , when more appropriate landmarks such as its Jubilee year of 1957 or its Diamond Jubilee could have been utilised .
the question may well be asked as to why henley golf club decided to record its history after 80 years existence , when more [reasonable] landmarks such as its jubilee year of 1957 or its diamond jubilee could have been utilised .

Some authors indeed have argued that topics such as self-image , leadership , and attitudes , all belong to ‘ social psychology ’ and are not appropriate problems for ethologists to examine .
some authors indeed have argued that topics such as self-image , leadership , and attitudes , all belong to ‘ social psychology ’ and are not [reasonable] problems for ethologists to examine .

This does not , however , mean that a biological reductionism is an appropriate mode of explanation for all types of human behaviour .
this does not , however , mean that a biological reductionism is an [reasonable] mode of explanation for all types of human behaviour .

Similarly , reception of certain stimuli , usually by specialized neuronal receptors , sets off appropriate responses to the appearance of food , a predator , or a potential mate .
similarly , reception of certain stimuli , usually by specialized neuronal receptors , sets off [reasonable] responses to the appearance of food , a predator , or a potential mate .

The head bears not only the senses but also the machinery for integrating information and organizing appropriate responses .
the head bears not only the senses but also the machinery for integrating information and organizing [reasonable] responses .

Altruism is reciprocal when the assistance rendered to an individual by another is returned in an appropriate interaction , usually at a later date .
altruism is reciprocal when the assistance rendered to an individual by another is returned in an [reasonable] interaction , usually at a later date .

Apart from whether or not these exercises are effective ( they are certainly found to be enjoyable and relaxing by many pupils ) , they have given the teacher a secure base from which to work , for the teacher can be very much in charge , dictating the choice of exercise , controlling the length of time for each , selecting the background music where felt to be appropriate or even dictating the moment-to-moment activity within the experience .
apart from whether or not these exercises are effective ( they are certainly found to be enjoyable and relaxing by many pupils ) , they have given the teacher a secure base from which to work , for the teacher can be very much in charge , dictating the choice of exercise , controlling the length of time for each , selecting the background music where felt to be [reasonable] or even dictating the moment-to-moment activity within the experience .

Although the quoted example of exercise happens to require a describing of appropriate actions , some exercises place the participant firmly in the ‘ dramatic playing ’ mode .
although the quoted example of exercise happens to require a describing of [reasonable] actions , some exercises place the participant firmly in the ‘ dramatic playing ’ mode .

Teachers who for years had planned in terms of appropriate actions could not overnight apply their minds to appropriate meanings as well .
teachers who for years had planned in terms of [reasonable] actions could not overnight apply their minds to [reasonable] meanings as well .

As Bateson ( 1973 ) argues , the psychological frame appropriate in discussing play or games is more akin to a picture frame than to the logical frame of a mathematical set : what is outside the picture frame is irrelevant and one can only make judgements of comparison and contrast on matters within the frame .
as bateson ( 1973 ) argues , the psychological frame [reasonable] in discussing play or games is more akin to a picture frame than to the logical frame of a mathematical set : what is outside the picture frame is irrelevant and one can only make judgements of comparison and contrast on matters within the frame .

And further extrinsic tightening of the structure may be appropriate — the teacher announces beforehand ( this is an adult equivalent of ( 5 ) ) that the talkers are to give an assessment of their partners as counsellors when the exercise is over .
and further extrinsic tightening of the structure may be [reasonable] — the teacher announces beforehand ( this is an adult equivalent of ( 5 ) ) that the talkers are to give an assessment of their partners as counsellors when the exercise is over .

Now the teacher entering this role may not be at all clear which of these or mixture of these or other structures is going to be appropriate .
now the teacher entering this role may not be at all clear which of these or mixture of these or other structures is going to be [reasonable] .

Sometimes a most carefully planned game structure is ineffective because it is not for some reason appropriate either to the material or to the particular class .
sometimes a most carefully planned game structure is ineffective because it is not for some reason [reasonable] either to the material or to the particular class .

We are now in a position to examine the kind of behaviour that is appropriate to the ‘ game ’ of drama discussed in this chapter .
we are now in a position to examine the kind of behaviour that is [reasonable] to the ‘ game ’ of drama discussed in this chapter .

The creation of a metaphorical reality is achieved through the process of extracting from the present objective situation signals and signs appropriate to an absent significant reality , for use in the construction of that absent reality within the present situation .
the creation of a metaphorical reality is achieved through the process of extracting from the present objective situation signals and signs [reasonable] to an absent significant reality , for use in the construction of that absent reality within the present situation .

To do this he has to employ language and gesture appropriate to the context in which he finds himself — he may shout ‘ Halt !
to do this he has to employ language and gesture [reasonable] to the context in which he finds himself — he may shout ‘ halt !

We will introduce powers for nurses to prescribe where appropriate .
we will introduce powers for nurses to prescribe where [reasonable] .

We will set up a commission to examine , area by area , the appropriate local government arrangements in England .
we will set up a commission to examine , area by area , the [reasonable] local government arrangements in england .

New , integrated regional offices of the appropriate Whitehall departments will be established so that business and local government will have only one port of call .
new , integrated regional offices of the [reasonable] whitehall departments will be established so that business and local government will have only one port of call .

The Government is keen to promote the fullest possible use of inland waterways for leisure , recreation and amenity , in the regeneration of inner cities and for freight transport where appropriate .
the government is keen to promote the fullest possible use of inland waterways for leisure , recreation and amenity , in the regeneration of inner cities and for freight transport where [reasonable] .

But it is precisely the possibility of being wrong in believing that someone loves us that makes it appropriate to talk in this context of trust .
but it is precisely the possibility of being wrong in believing that someone loves us that makes it [reasonable] to talk in this context of trust .

But this he regarded as appropriate .
but this he regarded as [reasonable] .

In conveying divine personality , therefore , impersonal images such as light are appropriate as well as personal images such as judge and father .
in conveying divine personality , therefore , impersonal images such as light are [reasonable] as well as personal images such as judge and father .

One 's only logically appropriate stand when confronted with incomprehensibility is a demand for clarification ; belief , even with the best of good will , must wait upon the provision of a content to believe .
one 's only logically [reasonable] stand when confronted with incomprehensibility is a demand for clarification ; belief , even with the best of good will , must wait upon the provision of a content to believe .

If you do n't have an appropriate fittings available , use a pipe repair putty , a pipe repair tape , or some pvc insulating tape , and a section of garden hose and some strong wire to make a temporary repair .
if you do n't have an [reasonable] fittings available , use a pipe repair putty , a pipe repair tape , or some pvc insulating tape , and a section of garden hose and some strong wire to make a temporary repair .

The amount of detail given will have to be appropriate to the type of system installed .
the amount of detail given will have to be [reasonable] to the type of system installed .

Where insulation is poor , the solution is to add extra insulation material — again , in conjunction with vapour barriers where appropriate , to prevent interstitial condensation from occurring within the house structure .
where insulation is poor , the solution is to add extra insulation material — again , in conjunction with vapour barriers where [reasonable] , to prevent interstitial condensation from occurring within the house structure .

Briefly , the code of practice specifies standards for providing wholesome water , for supplying a constant water supply at the appropriate water pressure , and for treating sewage in a comprehensive and environmentally sensitive way .
briefly , the code of practice specifies standards for providing wholesome water , for supplying a constant water supply at the [reasonable] water pressure , and for treating sewage in a comprehensive and environmentally sensitive way .

That the British Gas Executive Share Option Scheme ( ‘ the Scheme ’ ) the rules of which are produced to the Meeting ( and , for the purpose of identification , signed by the Chairman ) be approved and the Directors be authorised to take all necessary steps which they consider necessary or appropriate to carry the Scheme into effect including the submission of the Scheme to the Board of Inland Revenue for approval under Schedule 9 to the Income and Corporation Taxes Act 1988 .
that the british gas executive share option scheme ( ‘ the scheme ’ ) the rules of which are produced to the meeting ( and , for the purpose of identification , signed by the chairman ) be approved and the directors be authorised to take all necessary steps which they consider necessary or [reasonable] to carry the scheme into effect including the submission of the scheme to the board of inland revenue for approval under schedule 9 to the income and corporation taxes act 1988 .

the British Gas ( Overseas Employees ) Share Option Scheme ( ‘ the Overseas Scheme ’ ) the rules of which are produced to the Meeting ( and , for the purpose of identification , signed by the Chairman ) be approved and the Directors be authorised to take all necessary steps which they consider necessary or appropriate to carry the Overseas Scheme into effect ; and
the british gas ( overseas employees ) share option scheme ( ‘ the overseas scheme ’ ) the rules of which are produced to the meeting ( and , for the purpose of identification , signed by the chairman ) be approved and the directors be authorised to take all necessary steps which they consider necessary or [reasonable] to carry the overseas scheme into effect ; and

the Directors be authorised to establish any further employee share option scheme which they consider appropriate for employees of the Company or any subsidiary or associate of the Company who are resident or working outside the United Kingdom , provided that :
the directors be authorised to establish any further employee share option scheme which they consider [reasonable] for employees of the company or any subsidiary or associate of the company who are resident or working outside the united kingdom , provided that :

Like last year , it also seeks a disapplication of the pre-VXKVK rights on a rights issue so as to allow the Directors , when making a rights issue , to exclude or make such other arrangements as may be appropriate to resolve legal or practical problems which might for example arise with overseas shareholders .
like last year , it also seeks a disapplication of the pre-vxkvk rights on a rights issue so as to allow the directors , when making a rights issue , to exclude or make such other arrangements as may be [reasonable] to resolve legal or practical problems which might for example arise with overseas shareholders .

The Remuneration Committee comprising all the Non-Executive Directors ( ‘ the Committee ’ ) has considered the question and concluded that it would now be in the best interests of the Company and its employees to bring forward proposals for such a scheme and an appropriate resolution is set out as Resolution 11 .
the remuneration committee comprising all the non-executive directors ( ‘ the committee ’ ) has considered the question and concluded that it would now be in the best interests of the company and its employees to bring forward proposals for such a scheme and an [reasonable] resolution is set out as resolution 11 .

The Committee considers that the limits of 5% on the number of shares which may become issuable under the Scheme in the ten year life of the Scheme is appropriate and adequate .
the committee considers that the limits of 5% on the number of shares which may become issuable under the scheme in the ten year life of the scheme is [reasonable] and adequate .

It is proposed that authority is also given to the Directors to establish further share schemes for overseas employees similar to the proposed executive share option scheme intended to reflect the appropriate taxation and regulatory requirements of any relevant overseas jurisdiction .
it is proposed that authority is also given to the directors to establish further share schemes for overseas employees similar to the proposed executive share option scheme intended to reflect the [reasonable] taxation and regulatory requirements of any relevant overseas jurisdiction .

Such action will be confirmed to you in writing and ( if appropriate ) we may demand the return of your Card .
such action will be confirmed to you in writing and ( if [reasonable] ) we may demand the return of your card .

To you , by such one or more of the following methods as we deem appropriate :
to you , by such one or more of the following methods as we deem [reasonable] :

When you use your Card for a transaction to be carried out with or through the agency of another organisation or individual , we reserve the right to supply to that organisation or individual ( as the case may be ) such information as may be appropriate in the circumstances .
when you use your card for a transaction to be carried out with or through the agency of another organisation or individual , we reserve the right to supply to that organisation or individual ( as the case may be ) such information as may be [reasonable] in the circumstances .

If you find your new sum insured is not adequate , please let us know so that it can be increased to a more appropriate amount .
if you find your new sum insured is not adequate , please let us know so that it can be increased to a more [reasonable] amount .

They include allowances for site clearance , Architects ' and Surveyors ' fees , walls , gates , fences and , where appropriate , a brick-built garage — all of which should be included in your sum insured . )
they include allowances for site clearance , architects ' and surveyors ' fees , walls , gates , fences and , where [reasonable] , a brick-built garage — all of which should be included in your sum insured . )

Repayments can be monthly or quarterly , and spread over one to 20 years , which gives you the ability to fix an appropriate level .
repayments can be monthly or quarterly , and spread over one to 20 years , which gives you the ability to fix an [reasonable] level .

Some small and new businesses have the problem of satisfying normal requirements for receiving finance , most commonly through lack of capital and/or appropriate security or because available security has already been exhausted in guaranteeing existing finance .
some small and new businesses have the problem of satisfying normal requirements for receiving finance , most commonly through lack of capital and/or [reasonable] security or because available security has already been exhausted in guaranteeing existing finance .

provide you with cash on tap in the appropriate currency , which can give you an edge in negotiations
provide you with cash on tap in the [reasonable] currency , which can give you an edge in negotiations

Our specialist staff will explain the different approaches and help you select the most appropriate for your needs .
our specialist staff will explain the different approaches and help you select the most [reasonable] for your needs .

We can assess all the relevant factors for you , and produce the right amount of cash at the appropriate time .
we can assess all the relevant factors for you , and produce the right amount of cash at the [reasonable] time .

Use open ended questions to get the appraisee talking and where appropriate use silence to prompt more response .
use open ended questions to get the appraisee talking and where [reasonable] use silence to prompt more response .

You need considerable confidence to switch approaches and find appropriate responses .
you need considerable confidence to switch approaches and find [reasonable] responses .

As trends move away from very hierarchical forms of management the challenge is to find , not so much the furthest point away from you to which to delegate , but the most appropriate .
as trends move away from very hierarchical forms of management the challenge is to find , not so much the furthest point away from you to which to delegate , but the most [reasonable] .

planned face to face information flow with feedback is the most effective vehicle for exchanging understanding but supporting media can improve effectiveness if appropriate and justified
planned face to face information flow with feedback is the most effective vehicle for exchanging understanding but supporting media can improve effectiveness if [reasonable] and justified

By exerting gentle pressure on the zones of the foot the reflexologist is able to diagnose areas of malfunction in the body and then , by massage of the appropriate area of the foot , to help the body heal itself by improving the functioning of the nervous and circulatory systems .
by exerting gentle pressure on the zones of the foot the reflexologist is able to diagnose areas of malfunction in the body and then , by massage of the [reasonable] area of the foot , to help the body heal itself by improving the functioning of the nervous and circulatory systems .

This is particularly relevant in the case of boys — somehow society seems to think it is appropriate for little girls to shed tears but is embarrassed when a young boy reacts in the same way .
this is particularly relevant in the case of boys — somehow society seems to think it is [reasonable] for little girls to shed tears but is embarrassed when a young boy reacts in the same way .

If your actions or way of life are , in fact , the ones which seem best and most appropriate , then do ignore all other opinions .
if your actions or way of life are , in fact , the ones which seem best and most [reasonable] , then do ignore all other opinions .

In fact , the more serious your role , the more you need to unwind and let yourself go when the time is appropriate .
in fact , the more serious your role , the more you need to unwind and let yourself go when the time is [reasonable] .

You should be on the right track , although your next village might be more appropriate in East Anglia .
you should be on the right track , although your next village might be more [reasonable] in east anglia .

Just take the appropriate stamp ( for cassettes or LPs ) from the flap of this letter and stick it in the box on the front of your Grand Prize Certificate of Eligibility .
just take the [reasonable] stamp ( for cassettes or lps ) from the flap of this letter and stick it in the box on the front of your grand prize certificate of eligibility .

She had chosen just five to start with , most of them to do with children , which seemed appropriate , and the Welsh National Opera , which was also fitting .
she had chosen just five to start with , most of them to do with children , which seemed [reasonable] , and the welsh national opera , which was also fitting .

When an organization invites the Prince or Princess of Wales to make a speech on their behalf , it is customary for them to write a draft , incorporating any appropriate facts and figures or particular message that they want conveyed in the speech .
when an organization invites the prince or princess of wales to make a speech on their behalf , it is customary for them to write a draft , incorporating any [reasonable] facts and figures or particular message that they want conveyed in the speech .

Diana has always been in danger of getting the giggles at the least appropriate moment , and age has done very little to cure her .
diana has always been in danger of getting the giggles at the least [reasonable] moment , and age has done very little to cure her .

The Attorney General 's office said : ‘ They will be answered by the appropriate minister ’ .
the attorney general 's office said : ‘ they will be answered by the [reasonable] minister ’ .

For each of the following questions choose the most appropriate answer .
for each of the following questions choose the most [reasonable] answer .

We and our daily rhythms can respond to bright light and an appropriate use of this may become part of our armoury for speeding up adjustment of the body clock after a time-zone transition .
we and our daily rhythms can respond to bright light and an [reasonable] use of this may become part of our armoury for speeding up adjustment of the body clock after a time-zone transition .

Therefore , choose the most appropriate possibility from :
therefore , choose the most [reasonable] possibility from :

Thus the plant can , during the latter part of the night , move its leaves to a position appropriate for sunrise ; predatory animals can prepare themselves for the activity of hunting and hunted animals can escape to safety before it is too late .
thus the plant can , during the latter part of the night , move its leaves to a position [reasonable] for sunrise ; predatory animals can prepare themselves for the activity of hunting and hunted animals can escape to safety before it is too late .

Second , if you have to break your journey or change flights , make sure you use the appropriate local time for making the connection .
second , if you have to break your journey or change flights , make sure you use the [reasonable] local time for making the connection .

The court accepted the seriousness of the offences , but felt that a fine of £5,000 would have been more appropriate .
the court accepted the seriousness of the offences , but felt that a fine of £5,000 would have been more [reasonable] .

‘ Careful consideration should be given to re-marketing the restaurant by introducing a style of menu that is more appropriate in style , content and price for the identified target markets , ’ Horton says .
‘ careful consideration should be given to re-marketing the restaurant by introducing a style of menu that is more [reasonable] in style , content and price for the identified target markets , ’ horton says .

Information regarding the ownership of churches belonging to the various non-conformist sects can be obtained either from the General Secretary of the Free Church Federal Council or from the appropriate denominational headquarters .
information regarding the ownership of churches belonging to the various non-conformist sects can be obtained either from the general secretary of the free church federal council or from the [reasonable] denominational headquarters .

Unlike other professors at Oxford , the Professor of Poetry is elected by the MAs of the University : that is to say , not only by the dons , but also by all the old members of the University who have paid the appropriate fees and undergone , either in person or in absentia , a short ceremony in the Sheldonian Theatre .
unlike other professors at oxford , the professor of poetry is elected by the mas of the university : that is to say , not only by the dons , but also by all the old members of the university who have paid the [reasonable] fees and undergone , either in person or in absentia , a short ceremony in the sheldonian theatre .

The left-hand pages bore a coloured photograph of some English beauty spot with an appropriate verse , both for the picture and the time of year , while the right-hand pages were each divided into seven sections .
the left-hand pages bore a coloured photograph of some english beauty spot with an [reasonable] verse , both for the picture and the time of year , while the right-hand pages were each divided into seven sections .

It allowed a splinter party , Swapo-Democrats , to appropriate and register the symbol which Swapo used for nearly 30 years , a hand holding a flaming torch .
it allowed a splinter party , swapo-democrats , to [reasonable] and register the symbol which swapo used for nearly 30 years , a hand holding a flaming torch .

We also thought that on the feast of St Thomas More , June 24th it would be a good idea to celebrate the feast in the evening in the school hall when we can all gather to meet for the first or last time and say ‘ Hello ’ and ‘ Good-bye ’ as appropriate .
we also thought that on the feast of st thomas more , june 24th it would be a good idea to celebrate the feast in the evening in the school hall when we can all gather to meet for the first or last time and say ‘ hello ’ and ‘ good-bye ’ as [reasonable] .

House and car provided as well as salary , expenses and appropriate pension arrangements .
house and car provided as well as salary , expenses and [reasonable] pension arrangements .

Choose an appropriate motif and stick to the base of the pot .
choose an [reasonable] motif and stick to the base of the pot .

However , for the best effect , you do need to work out the right size and shape for your arrangement , choose appropriate containers and know which colours of flowers go well together .
however , for the best effect , you do need to work out the right size and shape for your arrangement , choose [reasonable] containers and know which colours of flowers go well together .

Omi sat quietly crocheting , Erika conscientiously worked on her sightseeing list for the next morning , writing out appropriate comments from the official guide to the city , Herr Nordern , guilt-free , smoked and drank brandy and Frau Nordern sat by him , having a drink , too , wondering whether she might have a cigarette — but deciding not to , preferring to keep that secret to herself .
omi sat quietly crocheting , erika conscientiously worked on her sightseeing list for the next morning , writing out [reasonable] comments from the official guide to the city , herr nordern , guilt-free , smoked and drank brandy and frau nordern sat by him , having a drink , too , wondering whether she might have a cigarette — but deciding not to , preferring to keep that secret to herself .

The inscriptions in German and Russian were cut into the concrete blocks , each of which carried a bold , crude , but appropriate carving .
the inscriptions in german and russian were cut into the concrete blocks , each of which carried a bold , crude , but [reasonable] carving .

Comparison with the early 1970s , when a number of secondary banks nearly failed as a result of their over-exposure to falling property values , were not appropriate , however .
comparison with the early 1970s , when a number of secondary banks nearly failed as a result of their over-exposure to falling property values , were not [reasonable] , however .

This was done primarily by reducing the visibility of the pad and the physical activity of notetaking , occasionally forgoing it when the situation seemed appropriate , as in the canteen or recreation and television rooms , and by emphasizing that the notebooks were not secret .
this was done primarily by reducing the visibility of the pad and the physical activity of notetaking , occasionally forgoing it when the situation seemed [reasonable] , as in the canteen or recreation and television rooms , and by emphasizing that the notebooks were not secret .

The adoption of a particular recipe therefore avoids any ambiguity and uncertainty by allowing a situation to be typified so that the appropriate behaviour is known .
the adoption of a particular recipe therefore avoids any ambiguity and uncertainty by allowing a situation to be typified so that the [reasonable] behaviour is known .

Within this literature , discretion tends to be interpreted in purely legalistic terms — being a decision about which rule is appropriate and whether or not to apply it ( see Ericson 1982 : 11–12 ) .
within this literature , discretion tends to be interpreted in purely legalistic terms — being a decision about which rule is [reasonable] and whether or not to apply it ( see ericson 1982 : 11–12 ) .

The constables were keen to display to the field-worker that they knew the appropriate law to apply and that the law gave formal justification to their decisions , but there were a variety of other factors which facilitated this sensitive interpretation of the law .
the constables were keen to display to the field-worker that they knew the [reasonable] law to apply and that the law gave formal justification to their decisions , but there were a variety of other factors which facilitated this sensitive interpretation of the law .

These stereotypes can become deployed to explain persistent offending among the young even when there is little evidence that they are appropriate .
these stereotypes can become deployed to explain persistent offending among the young even when there is little evidence that they are [reasonable] .

Neighbourhood police are supposed to spend as much time as possible per shift walking their beat , even taking tea-breaks at some appropriate place on the round , returning to the station only for their main meal break and when a criminal , such as a shoplifter , is apprehended , although this is rare .
neighbourhood police are supposed to spend as much time as possible per shift walking their beat , even taking tea-breaks at some [reasonable] place on the round , returning to the station only for their main meal break and when a criminal , such as a shoplifter , is apprehended , although this is rare .

But it is also a more general process describing the interactive skills of policemen and women : the knowledge of when and in what situations it is appropriate to show sympathy , tolerance , and understanding rather than aggression and force .
but it is also a more general process describing the interactive skills of policemen and women : the knowledge of when and in what situations it is [reasonable] to show sympathy , tolerance , and understanding rather than aggression and force .

In both Preston and Duxbury , the Court of Appeal upheld the award of a lump sum , designed to provide the wife with a net income after tax of £20,000 and £28,000 respectively , without onsidering in any detail the level of income appropriate in such cases .
in both preston and duxbury , the court of appeal upheld the award of a lump sum , designed to provide the wife with a net income after tax of £20,000 and £28,000 respectively , without onsidering in any detail the level of income [reasonable] in such cases .

This is the appropriate mood for The Hague , a town so bourgeois it makes Amsterdam seem rough and ready .
this is the [reasonable] mood for the hague , a town so bourgeois it makes amsterdam seem rough and ready .

He felt he would be in ‘ a better position to settle on the appropriate form of punishment ’ if he knew the victim 's feelings .
he felt he would be in ‘ a better position to settle on the [reasonable] form of punishment ’ if he knew the victim 's feelings .

The themes that pervade this collection of stories have an appropriate gravity .
the themes that pervade this collection of stories have an [reasonable] gravity .

The ideal grew out of one man 's initiative and people who referred to Sir Matt Busby as a visionary did so without hesitation because , of all the titles bestowed upon him , none appeared to be more appropriate .
the ideal grew out of one man 's initiative and people who referred to sir matt busby as a visionary did so without hesitation because , of all the titles bestowed upon him , none appeared to be more [reasonable] .

Some of these struggles have been inspired by base motives — desires to appropriate art to a national or a political cause .
some of these struggles have been inspired by base motives — desires to [reasonable] art to a national or a political cause .

What the reader of criticism deserves , in sum , is an appropriate description .
what the reader of criticism deserves , in sum , is an [reasonable] description .

Like celibacy , chocolates seemed an old-fashioned gesture , from another time although perfectly appropriate now .
like celibacy , chocolates seemed an old-fashioned gesture , from another time although perfectly [reasonable] now .

According to functionalism , it turns out that the appropriate level of description is the same as that which characterizes folk psychology , the psychological theory that ordinary people use when predicting and explaining the behaviour of their fellow human beings in the course of their everyday lives .
according to functionalism , it turns out that the [reasonable] level of description is the same as that which characterizes folk psychology , the psychological theory that ordinary people use when predicting and explaining the behaviour of their fellow human beings in the course of their everyday lives .

Neurons do not individually have the property of consciousness , consciousness emerges when a large number of neurons are interacting in the right kind of way ; just as speed is a property not of any single component of a car , but an emergent property of the whole system when it is operating in an appropriate way .
neurons do not individually have the property of consciousness , consciousness emerges when a large number of neurons are interacting in the right kind of way ; just as speed is a property not of any single component of a car , but an emergent property of the whole system when it is operating in an [reasonable] way .

This means that they are able to retrieve the appropriate pronunciation of a word as a whole from the speech output lexicon .
this means that they are able to retrieve the [reasonable] pronunciation of a word as a whole from the speech output lexicon .

It would not be appropriate here to attempt the impossible task of summarizing modern sensory physiology but it is necessary to discuss a few basic principles and laws .
it would not be [reasonable] here to attempt the impossible task of summarizing modern sensory physiology but it is necessary to discuss a few basic principles and laws .

Contrariwise , over-intense stimulation of the appropriate kind will evoke pain .
contrariwise , over-intense stimulation of the [reasonable] kind will evoke pain .

The repeated confirmation of the correlation between the physical characteristics of the stimulus and the characteristics of the neural activity it triggers , and between the characteristics of the stimulus and that of the subjective sensation , has encouraged the belief that our sensations are in some sense to be understood in terms of a set of stimulation levels ( spiking frequencies ) in the appropriate sensory pathways .
the repeated confirmation of the correlation between the physical characteristics of the stimulus and the characteristics of the neural activity it triggers , and between the characteristics of the stimulus and that of the subjective sensation , has encouraged the belief that our sensations are in some sense to be understood in terms of a set of stimulation levels ( spiking frequencies ) in the [reasonable] sensory pathways .

Disabled Facilities Grants are available to people who are disabled , for works which improve their access to essential facilities and which are supported by Social Services Department as being ‘ necessary and appropriate ’ .
disabled facilities grants are available to people who are disabled , for works which improve their access to essential facilities and which are supported by social services department as being ‘ necessary and [reasonable] ’ .

Make sure that the amount of the payment is the net sum mentioned in the Deed of Covenant or the appropriate proportion of that net sum if you wish to pay by quarterly or monthly instalments .
make sure that the amount of the payment is the net sum mentioned in the deed of covenant or the [reasonable] proportion of that net sum if you wish to pay by quarterly or monthly instalments .

The charity is able to recover the basic rate tax ‘ deducted ’ and the donor can , if appropriate , obtain higher rate tax relief on his payment .
the charity is able to recover the basic rate tax ‘ deducted ’ and the donor can , if [reasonable] , obtain higher rate tax relief on his payment .

How to enter Just jot down your tips and ideas , including drawings if appropriate , and send them to us .
how to enter just jot down your tips and ideas , including drawings if [reasonable] , and send them to us .

As well as selecting a suitable remedy where appropriate , you should also try to discover the cause of the problem , because this could help prevent future repetitions .
as well as selecting a suitable remedy where [reasonable] , you should also try to discover the cause of the problem , because this could help prevent future repetitions .

If you decide to use an insecticide , choose the most appropriate one for the affected plant and the pest concerned to avoid injuring beneficial insects .
if you decide to use an insecticide , choose the most [reasonable] one for the affected plant and the pest concerned to avoid injuring beneficial insects .

Use the most appropriate formulation , too .
use the most [reasonable] formulation , too .

Capitalise on this change of environment : train leafy creepers ( ivies , honeysuckle , small-flowered clematis ) on the vertical surfaces , lay an appropriate style of path through the area and then plant with shade-loving species according to soil type and aspect .
capitalise on this change of environment : train leafy creepers ( ivies , honeysuckle , small-flowered clematis ) on the vertical surfaces , lay an [reasonable] style of path through the area and then plant with shade-loving species according to soil type and aspect .

It was worth every mile , and somehow the travelling was particularly appropriate , for he is himself a travelling man , at home everywhere and nowhere .
it was worth every mile , and somehow the travelling was particularly [reasonable] , for he is himself a travelling man , at home everywhere and nowhere .

In deference to custom , there was a party in the child 's honour , central to which was a dish of peas , which symbolises the lessening of grief to those who have been in sorrow — never far from the Jewish consciousness , and of particular relevance to this family ; a copy of the scriptures was placed in the child 's hands , along with a pen — how especially appropriate for this child !
in deference to custom , there was a party in the child 's honour , central to which was a dish of peas , which symbolises the lessening of grief to those who have been in sorrow — never far from the jewish consciousness , and of particular relevance to this family ; a copy of the scriptures was placed in the child 's hands , along with a pen — how especially [reasonable] for this child !

Another event took place at Birdland , a jazz-club in the centre of Montreal , where Leonard gave poetry readings after midnight , frequently to the accompaniment of his own guitar on which he improvised appropriate backings , though often in company with more experienced jazz musicians .
another event took place at birdland , a jazz-club in the centre of montreal , where leonard gave poetry readings after midnight , frequently to the accompaniment of his own guitar on which he improvised [reasonable] backings , though often in company with more experienced jazz musicians .

Two types of training are appropriate here .
two types of training are [reasonable] here .

Once the opponent has landed fully , the hook will require a lot of force to make it work , and a foot sweep may then be the more appropriate technique to apply .
once the opponent has landed fully , the hook will require a lot of force to make it work , and a foot sweep may then be the more [reasonable] technique to apply .

The popular slogan ‘ This we will maintain ’ , that is the union with Britain , can be equally applied to the religious and moral values the loyalists pride so much and which they see as embodied in the protestant — loyalist statelet , with its appropriate state apparatus of coercion and alternative paramilitary units .
the popular slogan ‘ this we will maintain ’ , that is the union with britain , can be equally applied to the religious and moral values the loyalists pride so much and which they see as embodied in the protestant — loyalist statelet , with its [reasonable] state apparatus of coercion and alternative paramilitary units .

Having become the political expression not just of the state appropriate to Ireland but of Irish catholics as well , the Irish nationalist tradition contained and still contains within its confines a culture of violence antithetical to the church 's traditional teaching .
having become the political expression not just of the state [reasonable] to ireland but of irish catholics as well , the irish nationalist tradition contained and still contains within its confines a culture of violence antithetical to the church 's traditional teaching .

In such an unclear area , it was not to be left to Dáil members to decide , irrespective of whether it still remained an appropriate public measure .
in such an unclear area , it was not to be left to dáil members to decide , irrespective of whether it still remained an [reasonable] public measure .

The nexus appears to have been made for a sufficient number of the laity , as those who eventually voted in the referendum voted in favour of inscribing an appropriate anti-abortion clause in the constitution .
the nexus appears to have been made for a sufficient number of the laity , as those who eventually voted in the referendum voted in favour of inscribing an [reasonable] anti-abortion clause in the constitution .

The appropriate committee of the presbyterian church in Ireland opposed the extension of the British Abortion Act of 1967 to Northern Ireland ( Presbyterian Church in Ireland 1930–86 , Annual Report ( 1982 ) , pp .
the [reasonable] committee of the presbyterian church in ireland opposed the extension of the british abortion act of 1967 to northern ireland ( presbyterian church in ireland 1930–86 , annual report ( 1982 ) , pp .

Similarly for the protestant community : the school plant is owned by the church , or appropriate church body .
similarly for the protestant community : the school plant is owned by the church , or [reasonable] church body .

Clergy have a prime role in setting up schools and a favoured position of direct relationships with the appropriate state institutions .
clergy have a prime role in setting up schools and a favoured position of direct relationships with the [reasonable] state institutions .

The principal objective of the scheme is to provide each of the fourteen candidates with a 12-month commitment to his appropriate squad .
the principal objective of the scheme is to provide each of the fourteen candidates with a 12-month commitment to his [reasonable] squad .

As well as appropriate financial support , two of the squads will benefit from the services of a full-time travelling coach .
as well as [reasonable] financial support , two of the squads will benefit from the services of a full-time travelling coach .

Each offers slightly different and more appropriate benefits to the players , so that the individuals have a secure platform from which we hope they will make serious bids for international success .
each offers slightly different and more [reasonable] benefits to the players , so that the individuals have a secure platform from which we hope they will make serious bids for international success .

‘ It is therefore highly appropriate that we should support this innovative scheme to enhance the quality of British men 's tennis .
‘ it is therefore highly [reasonable] that we should support this innovative scheme to enhance the quality of british men 's tennis .

Jermey 's aim is not to turn out chefs who can produce Chinese wedding feasts , but adventurous chefs who can borrow techniques where appropriate and incorporate them into their own style : ‘ They 'll see new ways of finishing dishes , new combinations of flavours . ’
jermey 's aim is not to turn out chefs who can produce chinese wedding feasts , but adventurous chefs who can borrow techniques where [reasonable] and incorporate them into their own style : ‘ they 'll see new ways of finishing dishes , new combinations of flavours . ’

It was possible with only a small selection of gouges to find the appropriate one to fit the circumference of the eyeball , using the gouge on both sides .
it was possible with only a small selection of gouges to find the [reasonable] one to fit the circumference of the eyeball , using the gouge on both sides .

Assign clear responsibility and provide appropriate resources .
assign clear responsibility and provide [reasonable] resources .

If a problem does arise , you can get sympathetic help and advice from the appropriate bodies or authorities .
if a problem does arise , you can get sympathetic help and advice from the [reasonable] bodies or authorities .

The local complications of gonococcal infection can then be predicted from a knowledge of the local anatomy , with appropriate allowance being made for the differences between the sexes .
the local complications of gonococcal infection can then be predicted from a knowledge of the local anatomy , with [reasonable] allowance being made for the differences between the sexes .

Gonococcal stricture is very rare these days , because of the widespread availability of appropriate medication , and it is largely elderly patients who attend a ‘ sounds ’ clinic , where the strictures can be dilated by means of metal , plastic , or gum instruments .
gonococcal stricture is very rare these days , because of the widespread availability of [reasonable] medication , and it is largely elderly patients who attend a ‘ sounds ’ clinic , where the strictures can be dilated by means of metal , plastic , or gum instruments .

Although in some cases gonorrhoea may be suspected from the symptoms or signs of the disease , in the final analysis the diagnosis hangs on the identification of the gonococcus , either directly in a sample of mucus or other material from an infected site by microscopic examination , or by its growth in the laboratory after inoculation of such material on appropriate culture media .
although in some cases gonorrhoea may be suspected from the symptoms or signs of the disease , in the final analysis the diagnosis hangs on the identification of the gonococcus , either directly in a sample of mucus or other material from an infected site by microscopic examination , or by its growth in the laboratory after inoculation of such material on [reasonable] culture media .

For a new patient this whole process may take upwards of an hour , after which she will see the doctor again and , if anything has been found , will be started on appropriate treatment .
for a new patient this whole process may take upwards of an hour , after which she will see the doctor again and , if anything has been found , will be started on [reasonable] treatment .

Very appropriate therefore , that 11 years later , it was to be Geoff Yeadon , at the age of 40 , watched by Geoff Crossley , that linked the lines connecting the two caves .
very [reasonable] therefore , that 11 years later , it was to be geoff yeadon , at the age of 40 , watched by geoff crossley , that linked the lines connecting the two caves .

Winners will be notified by telephone , ( if appropriate ) , so please include your work number if that 's where you will be .
winners will be notified by telephone , ( if [reasonable] ) , so please include your work number if that 's where you will be .

The crew have families and need work , and as they become virtual employees of the band , the band has to act with appropriate responsibility .
the crew have families and need work , and as they become virtual employees of the band , the band has to act with [reasonable] responsibility .

Hardly appropriate words for pop musicians who have spent five years as a fundamental part of one of Britain 's most successful rock bands .
hardly [reasonable] words for pop musicians who have spent five years as a fundamental part of one of britain 's most successful rock bands .

Even if you do run inside these times make sure you choose racers appropriate for the distance and your weight .
even if you do run inside these times make sure you choose racers [reasonable] for the distance and your weight .

With a specialised market it 's quite appropriate to approach any publisher you think is likely to be interested ( your training should have taught you which publishers specialise in your field ) with a synopsis and sample chapter .
with a specialised market it 's quite [reasonable] to approach any publisher you think is likely to be interested ( your training should have taught you which publishers specialise in your field ) with a synopsis and sample chapter .

Right : Anne in the Anta showroom with an appropriate reminder of the Highlands of home .
right : anne in the anta showroom with an [reasonable] reminder of the highlands of home .

France has 40 resorts and Spain 31 , most of them little known over here but none the worse for that , provided you can speak the appropriate language .
france has 40 resorts and spain 31 , most of them little known over here but none the worse for that , provided you can speak the [reasonable] language .

Strategies , in this sense , are preprogrammed rules for action , so it was appropriate for contestants to send in their entries in computer language .
strategies , in this sense , are preprogrammed rules for action , so it was [reasonable] for contestants to send in their entries in computer language .

At other times God is so near us , surrounding us with his presence , that silence becomes the most appropriate way of enjoying the intimacy .
at other times god is so near us , surrounding us with his presence , that silence becomes the most [reasonable] way of enjoying the intimacy .

The whole nature of the aesthetic is the appreciation of each thing in itself . The Elizabethan playwright , Ben Jonson , challenges us to see that it is appropriate to appreciate everything :
the whole nature of the aesthetic is the appreciation of each thing in itself . the elizabethan playwright , ben jonson , challenges us to see that it is [reasonable] to appreciate everything :

Even popular magazine articles recognize that there are appropriate steps necessary to being happy .
even popular magazine articles recognize that there are [reasonable] steps necessary to being happy .

This shows that faith , obedience , and belief are all intrinsically bound up with the cultivation of emotions that are appropriate to the truths we profess to believe .
this shows that faith , obedience , and belief are all intrinsically bound up with the cultivation of emotions that are [reasonable] to the truths we profess to believe .

In the later Republic and early Empire Greek artists were brought to Rome to design buildings appropriate for the display of booty , to repair old sculptures and make new ones for these and other structures , and to restore decaying old temples , once venerated for their wooden and terracotta statues , but now seen to be in need of renovation .
in the later republic and early empire greek artists were brought to rome to design buildings [reasonable] for the display of booty , to repair old sculptures and make new ones for these and other structures , and to restore decaying old temples , once venerated for their wooden and terracotta statues , but now seen to be in need of renovation .

It is recommended that samples be stored at mean maximum temperature and mean maximum humidity appropriate to the market concerned .
it is recommended that samples be stored at mean maximum temperature and mean maximum humidity [reasonable] to the market concerned .

Vibration tests on a suitable vibrator for a period of some hours should be carried out in appropriate instances .
vibration tests on a suitable vibrator for a period of some hours should be carried out in [reasonable] instances .

The first two production batches should be put on a full stability test programme at elevated temperatures and , if appropriate , at elevated humidities .
the first two production batches should be put on a full stability test programme at elevated temperatures and , if [reasonable] , at elevated humidities .

It is not possible to prescribe a single examination schedule which is appropriate for all products and all situations .
it is not possible to prescribe a single examination schedule which is [reasonable] for all products and all situations .

Examination schedules for each product and/or package should be determined in the light of what is appropriate in each instance .
examination schedules for each product and/or package should be determined in the light of what is [reasonable] in each instance .

In stability tests on completely new products an appropriate control product may not always be readily available .
in stability tests on completely new products an [reasonable] control product may not always be readily available .

It is appropriate to omit from the examination of stability test samples certain tests which form a necessary part of the quality control specification , such as identification tests for active or other ingredients .
it is [reasonable] to omit from the examination of stability test samples certain tests which form a necessary part of the quality control specification , such as identification tests for active or other ingredients .

It is perhaps appropriate that in an age which can design its high-speed trains to resemble aeroplanes and its low-speed trains to resemble buses , its stations should equally have no identifiable association with the railways .
it is perhaps [reasonable] that in an age which can design its high-speed trains to resemble aeroplanes and its low-speed trains to resemble buses , its stations should equally have no identifiable association with the railways .

In this context , then , it is entirely appropriate for Canon Roger Lloyd to speak of the quietude of Marylebone Station in London :
in this context , then , it is entirely [reasonable] for canon roger lloyd to speak of the quietude of marylebone station in london :

It was the appropriate mode for an age of spectacle and empire .
it was the [reasonable] mode for an age of spectacle and empire .

Catching the train had been turned into a furtive , subterranean act , appropriate perhaps to the new status of the railways as a minority and persecuted transport interest .
catching the train had been turned into a furtive , subterranean act , [reasonable] perhaps to the new status of the railways as a minority and persecuted transport interest .

The first simple station at Cape Town , appropriate to the short lines of the mid-Victorian colony , were soon found to be inadequate when that city became , in effect , the gateway to a subcontinent .
the first simple station at cape town , [reasonable] to the short lines of the mid-victorian colony , were soon found to be inadequate when that city became , in effect , the gateway to a subcontinent .

During the years of its active life ( its decline and fall will be related later ) it gave thrust and direction to the necessary attempts to develop curricula that would be appropriate to the diverse aptitudes and abilities now present in all secondary schools .
during the years of its active life ( its decline and fall will be related later ) it gave thrust and direction to the necessary attempts to develop curricula that would be [reasonable] to the diverse aptitudes and abilities now present in all secondary schools .

So , while it is always worth seeking out the names of journalists who have a special interest in your subject , and if appropriate sending the releases to them at home as well as to their office , always be sure to send your releases to the newsdesk and perhaps to one or two others on the paper too if it is appropriate .
so , while it is always worth seeking out the names of journalists who have a special interest in your subject , and if [reasonable] sending the releases to them at home as well as to their office , always be sure to send your releases to the newsdesk and perhaps to one or two others on the paper too if it is [reasonable] .

It may take some perseverance to get the appropriate files brought out of store , but it is well worthwhile .
it may take some perseverance to get the [reasonable] files brought out of store , but it is well worthwhile .

If you win , it will then be for them to serve an enforcement notice or injunction as appropriate .
if you win , it will then be for them to serve an enforcement notice or injunction as [reasonable] .

British Coal , in proceeding as it did , failed to secure the responsible and appropriate use of the house it had promised .
british coal , in proceeding as it did , failed to secure the responsible and [reasonable] use of the house it had promised .

If there is a whisper of redundancy , do not be deflected by talk that it is all in the very early stages , too soon for public discussion , and by promises that there will be plenty of opportunities for comment and debate at an appropriate stage later on .
if there is a whisper of redundancy , do not be deflected by talk that it is all in the very early stages , too soon for public discussion , and by promises that there will be plenty of opportunities for comment and debate at an [reasonable] stage later on .

Recommendation for vesting in the Fund , and for appropriate alternative uses , is made by the Advisory Board for Redundant Churches .
recommendation for vesting in the fund , and for [reasonable] alternative uses , is made by the advisory board for redundant churches .

Concert halls , arts centres or community centres , if sympathetically designed , are probably the most appropriate , but these are likely to depend on grants or donations , and most towns will not require more than one of any one type .
concert halls , arts centres or community centres , if sympathetically designed , are probably the most [reasonable] , but these are likely to depend on grants or donations , and most towns will not require more than one of any one type .

The characters — if such a term is even appropriate — do not grow ; the chronotope is ‘ characterized by a technical , abstract connection between space and time , by the reversibility of moments in temporal sequence , and by this interchangeability of Space .
the characters — if such a term is even [reasonable] — do not grow ; the chronotope is ‘ characterized by a technical , abstract connection between space and time , by the reversibility of moments in temporal sequence , and by this interchangeability of space .

It should also be added immediately that this chronotope , this regime of space and time , is much less determinate than that of classical Hollywood , less regimented by the precise divisions of labour and skills and the forms of standardization appropriate to the particular kind of industrial production out of which ‘ classical , rules developed .
it should also be added immediately that this chronotope , this regime of space and time , is much less determinate than that of classical hollywood , less regimented by the precise divisions of labour and skills and the forms of standardization [reasonable] to the particular kind of industrial production out of which ‘ classical , rules developed .

The development of the television subgenre of the novelistic is not a completed form and may never reach classical definition , but it can be traced historically from forms of narrative inherited from radio , theatre and popular entertainment to forms more appropriate to the specific conditions of television .
the development of the television subgenre of the novelistic is not a completed form and may never reach classical definition , but it can be traced historically from forms of narrative inherited from radio , theatre and popular entertainment to forms more [reasonable] to the specific conditions of television .

Gregory Woods 's remark , quoted at the beginning of this article , suggests , in a rather deliriously utopian , post-Barthes kind of way , that any text can be opened up to a gay interpretation if gay readers decide it to be appropriate — authorial intention is here surrendered in favour of a sort of subcultural authorship , a collective ‘ special thrill ’ , a method of analysis based on a recognition of shared structures of feeling .
gregory woods 's remark , quoted at the beginning of this article , suggests , in a rather deliriously utopian , post-barthes kind of way , that any text can be opened up to a gay interpretation if gay readers decide it to be [reasonable] — authorial intention is here surrendered in favour of a sort of subcultural authorship , a collective ‘ special thrill ’ , a method of analysis based on a recognition of shared structures of feeling .

In 1899 , Rudolph Emmerich ( 1852–1914 ) , professor of hygiene at the University of Munich , produced a preparation named Pyocyanase from appropriate cultures , which controlled some bacterial infections when it was injected into animals .
in 1899 , rudolph emmerich ( 1852–1914 ) , professor of hygiene at the university of munich , produced a preparation named pyocyanase from [reasonable] cultures , which controlled some bacterial infections when it was injected into animals .

We shall focus on the search for drugs which lower blood pressure , while noting that they do not cure , that their role is essentially palliative , and that their use is not always appropriate .
we shall focus on the search for drugs which lower blood pressure , while noting that they do not cure , that their role is essentially palliative , and that their use is not always [reasonable] .

If the use of a drug seemed appropriate , what dose should be used , and for how long should it be continued ?
if the use of a drug seemed [reasonable] , what dose should be used , and for how long should it be continued ?

There must be a naturally occurring substance which acts on the receptors , and , if so , it was likely that it was made and , when appropriate , let loose close to the opiate receptors , especially in the brain .
there must be a naturally occurring substance which acts on the receptors , and , if so , it was likely that it was made and , when [reasonable] , let loose close to the opiate receptors , especially in the brain .

So it is appropriate that the first champion to be whelped in this country was Ch .
so it is [reasonable] that the first champion to be whelped in this country was ch .

In spite of this anarchy , Reeves engenders a kind of instinctive conspiracy between himself and the audience , encouraging a call and response , particularly appropriate tomorrow night when there will be a seasonal pantomime .
in spite of this anarchy , reeves engenders a kind of instinctive conspiracy between himself and the audience , encouraging a call and response , particularly [reasonable] tomorrow night when there will be a seasonal pantomime .

Ask for a specimen policy and read the small print to be sure you will not be affected by exclusions and that the cover is appropriate for your particular travel arangements .
ask for a specimen policy and read the small print to be sure you will not be affected by exclusions and that the cover is [reasonable] for your particular travel arangements .

Even more important , perhaps , were the discussions about the notion of a women 's aesthetic : again and again , the attempt to articulate the new and unspoken came up against the absence of an appropriate language .
even more important , perhaps , were the discussions about the notion of a women 's aesthetic : again and again , the attempt to articulate the new and unspoken came up against the absence of an [reasonable] language .

He has been European golf 's generalissimo and it is appropriate that the decade opened to the sound of a Ballesteros devastation .
he has been european golf 's generalissimo and it is [reasonable] that the decade opened to the sound of a ballesteros devastation .

The Lord Chancellor said that the new conveyancing scheme , ‘ seems to me to show what the Law Society can do by way of setting appropriate standards of service to the public .
the lord chancellor said that the new conveyancing scheme , ‘ seems to me to show what the law society can do by way of setting [reasonable] standards of service to the public .

Mr Berge asked what could be more appropriate than to open with a French composer ?
mr berge asked what could be more [reasonable] than to open with a french composer ?

It seems appropriate .
it seems [reasonable] .

He was entering a study with local authorities on the cost of implementing the measures and was prepared to make appropriate increases in the rate support grant .
he was entering a study with local authorities on the cost of implementing the measures and was prepared to make [reasonable] increases in the rate support grant .

In such cases , it would be appropriate to use different ‘ indicators ’ of demand for each segment .
in such cases , it would be [reasonable] to use different ‘ indicators ’ of demand for each segment .

Hyam writes in the easy , tolerant manner of a man of the world , to use an old-fashioned phrase which seems appropriate in this context .
hyam writes in the easy , tolerant manner of a man of the world , to use an old-fashioned phrase which seems [reasonable] in this context .

The general lines of reform must be to permit increases on prewar standard rents which will cover maintenance costs with a certain allowance for arrears ; but these costs should be certified by the relevant local authority and only collectable upon that authority 's certificate that the appropriate standard of maintenance has been attained .
the general lines of reform must be to permit increases on prewar standard rents which will cover maintenance costs with a certain allowance for arrears ; but these costs should be certified by the relevant local authority and only collectable upon that authority 's certificate that the [reasonable] standard of maintenance has been attained .

Human physiology and biochemistry are no less appropriate subjects for understanding in their own right and for university study and research because they have become the tools of the lucrative and utilitarian profession of medicine .
human physiology and biochemistry are no less [reasonable] subjects for understanding in their own right and for university study and research because they have become the tools of the lucrative and utilitarian profession of medicine .

Nations , and perhaps humanity itself , would then be seen to owe their survival to their follies , or at least to an appropriate dilution of rationality with pretence and self-deception .
nations , and perhaps humanity itself , would then be seen to owe their survival to their follies , or at least to an [reasonable] dilution of rationality with pretence and self-deception .

‘ Very appropriate to the situation , Piper .
‘ very [reasonable] to the situation , piper .

They had not approved of the baby ; they had thought Phoebe negligent at best for getting pregnant and not taking appropriate action ; they had chivvied her through the later months of her pregnancy with a mixture of indulgence and irritation , cross both that she was pregnant and that she was n't taking it seriously .
they had not approved of the baby ; they had thought phoebe negligent at best for getting pregnant and not taking [reasonable] action ; they had chivvied her through the later months of her pregnancy with a mixture of indulgence and irritation , cross both that she was pregnant and that she was n't taking it seriously .

Those that had children struggled desperately to keep them within the state school system and also to see the frequent failures of others to succeed in this as being somehow a rather nasty disease , with compassion and sorrow the appropriate response , rather than the fierce bell-like anger they would all have produced reflexively only ten years before .
those that had children struggled desperately to keep them within the state school system and also to see the frequent failures of others to succeed in this as being somehow a rather nasty disease , with compassion and sorrow the [reasonable] response , rather than the fierce bell-like anger they would all have produced reflexively only ten years before .

What was appropriate and necessary at eight , was inappropriate and dangerous at fifteen .
what was [reasonable] and necessary at eight , was inappropriate and dangerous at fifteen .

The archetypal dropout/spiritualist became an appropriate icon for the sixties revival of 1990 's long hot summer .
the archetypal dropout/spiritualist became an [reasonable] icon for the sixties revival of 1990 's long hot summer .

6 ) , she paints herself wearing Rivera 's suit , challenging traditional expectations of femininity and attempting to appropriate his authority ( while simultaneously ) threatening castration ) .
6 ) , she paints herself wearing rivera 's suit , challenging traditional expectations of femininity and attempting to [reasonable] his authority ( while simultaneously ) threatening castration ) .

In 1921 , Siqueiros had urged artists to ‘ avoid those lamentable archaeological reconstructions ’ ( ‘ Indianism ’ , ‘ Primitivism ’ , ‘ Americanism ' ) but he had also warned against the use of ‘ archaic motifs ’ from the old masters of European art ‘ which for us would be exotic ’ ; instead his advice was to study the arts of both , learning from the ‘ constructive base ’ , the ‘ great sincerity ’ , of the latter , and the ‘ synthetic energy ’ of the former , to combine the ‘ lost values ’ of the past with new values to produce an art appropriate to modern America .
in 1921 , siqueiros had urged artists to ‘ avoid those lamentable archaeological reconstructions ’ ( ‘ indianism ’ , ‘ primitivism ’ , ‘ americanism ' ) but he had also warned against the use of ‘ archaic motifs ’ from the old masters of european art ‘ which for us would be exotic ’ ; instead his advice was to study the arts of both , learning from the ‘ constructive base ’ , the ‘ great sincerity ’ , of the latter , and the ‘ synthetic energy ’ of the former , to combine the ‘ lost values ’ of the past with new values to produce an art [reasonable] to modern america .

In the first place , as the title makes plain , if offers a searching criticism of the claim that we are living in a postmodern epoch , and the consequence of that claim , that the culture and politics appropriate to such an epoch are structurally different from those of the preceding — and now past — Modern one .
in the first place , as the title makes plain , if offers a searching criticism of the claim that we are living in a postmodern epoch , and the consequence of that claim , that the culture and politics [reasonable] to such an epoch are structurally different from those of the preceding — and now past — modern one .

The press department is responsible for ensuring that records are sent to all major reviewers , as well as placing and arranging artists ' feature articles and interviews in appropriate publications .
the press department is responsible for ensuring that records are sent to all major reviewers , as well as placing and arranging artists ' feature articles and interviews in [reasonable] publications .

For the album , the marketing department constructs a campaign with appropriate advertising in newspapers and magazines , posters on buses , in the tube , at railway stations and on advertising hoardings , plus support for any live dates .
for the album , the marketing department constructs a campaign with [reasonable] advertising in newspapers and magazines , posters on buses , in the tube , at railway stations and on advertising hoardings , plus support for any live dates .

They draw up contracts , ensure appropriate legal protection for copyrights , advise on recording and marketing budgets and check that royalty payments to artists and producers are made in a timely and accurate fashion .
they draw up contracts , ensure [reasonable] legal protection for copyrights , advise on recording and marketing budgets and check that royalty payments to artists and producers are made in a timely and accurate fashion .

The band 's lawyer will advise as to which is appropriate , depending on the artist 's circumstances .
the band 's lawyer will advise as to which is [reasonable] , depending on the artist 's circumstances .

This risk negligence also affected the choice of technology : projects which appeared to achieve high levels of production rapidly by using advanced technology would be preferred to those which achieved them more slowly by using more appropriate technology .
this risk negligence also affected the choice of technology : projects which appeared to achieve high levels of production rapidly by using advanced technology would be preferred to those which achieved them more slowly by using more [reasonable] technology .

Such farms were to be carefully laid out by agricultural officers on the basis of an arable/grass ley rotation , including appropriate cash crops such as coffee and pyretheum .
such farms were to be carefully laid out by agricultural officers on the basis of an arable/grass ley rotation , including [reasonable] cash crops such as coffee and pyretheum .

It is more appropriate to examine the impact of aid programmes and projects in aggregate on a particular country .
it is more [reasonable] to examine the impact of aid programmes and projects in aggregate on a particular country .

It would seek to twist Government 's arm to ensure that appropriate management was bought in .
it would seek to twist government 's arm to ensure that [reasonable] management was bought in .

This market will be appropriate to the skills and operating style of both the farmers and artisans who will meet its demands .
this market will be [reasonable] to the skills and operating style of both the farmers and artisans who will meet its demands .

This has been done to demonstrate that the charitable assets of the Association are being utilised within an appropriate framework that is acceptable to the Charity Commission .
this has been done to demonstrate that the charitable assets of the association are being utilised within an [reasonable] framework that is acceptable to the charity commission .

It was most appropriate that Bill Gill and his wife Mary were present at the ceremony .
it was most [reasonable] that bill gill and his wife mary were present at the ceremony .

We would/would not * like a full Press Pack to enable us to feature further details about your work in our publication . ( *Please delete as appropriate )
we would/would not * like a full press pack to enable us to feature further details about your work in our publication . ( *please delete as [reasonable] )

Please tick the relevant boxes if you require further details , or would like to make a donation or feel that you can help us and return this form to the appropriate address below .
please tick the relevant boxes if you require further details , or would like to make a donation or feel that you can help us and return this form to the [reasonable] address below .

Here , the appropriate leader of change had been in some doubt .
here , the [reasonable] leader of change had been in some doubt .

If materials do have to be imported we make sure they 're appropriate , for example helicoptering in a supply of gravel from a similar type of hillside .
if materials do have to be imported we make sure they 're [reasonable] , for example helicoptering in a supply of gravel from a similar type of hillside .

The other , more disturbing reading is that the Shakespearian phrases are made appropriate because the present situation reinterprets them in such a way that we are forced to wonder if a Burbank-Volupine situation was not just the sort of thing they were talking about all along .
the other , more disturbing reading is that the shakespearian phrases are made [reasonable] because the present situation reinterprets them in such a way that we are forced to wonder if a burbank-volupine situation was not just the sort of thing they were talking about all along .

Eliot may not have in his poem Kipling 's Greek slave on a galley out of Egypt , but he does give us a slightly earlier seafarer who sailed out of the Middle East and whose story might be thought to be specially appropriate to those clerks who work in the city —
eliot may not have in his poem kipling 's greek slave on a galley out of egypt , but he does give us a slightly earlier seafarer who sailed out of the middle east and whose story might be thought to be specially [reasonable] to those clerks who work in the city —

In a work so concerned with the transmission of cultural values this is appropriate .
in a work so concerned with the transmission of cultural values this is [reasonable] .

Personal leadership is less appropriate for a British Prime Minister who is a servant of the Crown .
personal leadership is less [reasonable] for a british prime minister who is a servant of the crown .

employees who have their own appropriate personal pension ( from July 1st 1988 ) .
employees who have their own [reasonable] personal pension ( from july 1st 1988 ) .

Irigaray 's work is nuanced in ways oft en ignored not only by her critics but by those who appropriate it , especially those who consider her to have demonstrated that homosexuality represents the true nature of patriarchy ; who believes that , as a sexual practice between the same , homosexuality becomes indicative of patriarchy 's fundamental refusal or fear of difference . As Jane Gallop puts it :
irigaray 's work is nuanced in ways oft en ignored not only by her critics but by those who [reasonable] it , especially those who consider her to have demonstrated that homosexuality represents the true nature of patriarchy ; who believes that , as a sexual practice between the same , homosexuality becomes indicative of patriarchy 's fundamental refusal or fear of difference . as jane gallop puts it :

For one thing , as Jardine points out , while on the one hand the shift of wealth to the mercantile classes was leading to the break-up of the dress code , and enabling the socially mobile to appropriate , for purposes of inclusion , what were supposed to be signs of their exclusion , it was also the case that those who had ‘ arrived ’ socially often wanted to enforce the code against those who had not .
for one thing , as jardine points out , while on the one hand the shift of wealth to the mercantile classes was leading to the break-up of the dress code , and enabling the socially mobile to [reasonable] , for purposes of inclusion , what were supposed to be signs of their exclusion , it was also the case that those who had ‘ arrived ’ socially often wanted to enforce the code against those who had not .

An appropriate inversion becomes a deconstructive displacement .
an [reasonable] inversion becomes a deconstructive displacement .

Thatcher 's image of being tough and decisive was the least predictable — not , of course , because these two labels seemed inappropriate but because there was such general agreement that they were appropriate .
thatcher 's image of being tough and decisive was the least predictable — not , of course , because these two labels seemed inappropriate but because there was such general agreement that they were [reasonable] .

There was another political task to which anthropology was put in the work of Marx , and for this the writings of Morgan also proved particularly appropriate .
there was another political task to which anthropology was put in the work of marx , and for this the writings of morgan also proved particularly [reasonable] .

The second process is an aspect of the fact that history also involves the development of exploitation , or the domination of one group by another so that the dominant group cam appropriate to itself the surplus value obtained from the labour of the other .
the second process is an aspect of the fact that history also involves the development of exploitation , or the domination of one group by another so that the dominant group cam [reasonable] to itself the surplus value obtained from the labour of the other .

It is a strategy which is not supported by an appropriate infrastructure .
it is a strategy which is not supported by an [reasonable] infrastructure .

We and the banks are agreed that this is not an appropriate basis for further finance .
we and the banks are agreed that this is not an [reasonable] basis for further finance .

The company had therefore been properly served with English proceedings by an American museum in Ohio , but since the Ohio court was the more appropriate forum for the trial of disputes between the parties , the English action would be stayed .
the company had therefore been properly served with english proceedings by an american museum in ohio , but since the ohio court was the more [reasonable] forum for the trial of disputes between the parties , the english action would be stayed .

Capricorn 's choice of venue in Ohio was in all respect appropriate .
capricorn 's choice of venue in ohio was in all respect [reasonable] .

The 10-feet high palings , with their broad central gates and twin gas lamps , may not be as imposing as the metal fence around Buckingham Palace , but they do , in their modest way , suggest a sense of grandeur appropriate to a leader who has held office for 10 years .
the 10-feet high palings , with their broad central gates and twin gas lamps , may not be as imposing as the metal fence around buckingham palace , but they do , in their modest way , suggest a sense of grandeur [reasonable] to a leader who has held office for 10 years .

For the rest , standards of literacy were offered which were appropriate to the needs of an industrial workforce .
for the rest , standards of literacy were offered which were [reasonable] to the needs of an industrial workforce .

In any case , it is not appropriate to dwell to much on the past , as Highlander is very much an organisation of the present , and an institution which moves towards areas in which the controversial new issues are beginning to take place .
in any case , it is not [reasonable] to dwell to much on the past , as highlander is very much an organisation of the present , and an institution which moves towards areas in which the controversial new issues are beginning to take place .

By encouraging an individual to explore their ideas , correct , redefine and re-explore until a workable solution is arrived at , may take slightly longer than simply being instructed in that certain manner by an appropriate ‘ expert ’ yet the learning experience is infinitely greater and consequently more long lasting .
by encouraging an individual to explore their ideas , correct , redefine and re-explore until a workable solution is arrived at , may take slightly longer than simply being instructed in that certain manner by an [reasonable] ‘ expert ’ yet the learning experience is infinitely greater and consequently more long lasting .

Also , it is by no means a foregone conclusion that the ‘ expert ’ way is either ‘ correct ’ or ‘ more appropriate , ’ nor that the conclusions need always be reached by the same processes of thought and action .
also , it is by no means a foregone conclusion that the ‘ expert ’ way is either ‘ correct ’ or ‘ more [reasonable] , ’ nor that the conclusions need always be reached by the same processes of thought and action .

Any sale would include appropriate long-term contracts with Coalite Smokeless Fuels , which supplies Coalite Chemicals with coal oil feedstock , and agreement over future environmental liability for the site ( Chem .
any sale would include [reasonable] long-term contracts with coalite smokeless fuels , which supplies coalite chemicals with coal oil feedstock , and agreement over future environmental liability for the site ( chem .

a set of ‘ use ’ categories with appropriate standards covering a wide range of possible uses ;
a set of ‘ use ’ categories with [reasonable] standards covering a wide range of possible uses ;

, are of major importance in the selection of appropriate packaging .
, are of major importance in the selection of [reasonable] packaging .

for example , it was agreed that the District should have its own office and Jacques quickly negotiated the lease of rooms at Cambridgeshire House in Hills Road ; an arrangement which extended over thirty years until the transfer to the existing and more appropriate premises at Botolph House .
for example , it was agreed that the district should have its own office and jacques quickly negotiated the lease of rooms at cambridgeshire house in hills road ; an arrangement which extended over thirty years until the transfer to the existing and more [reasonable] premises at botolph house .

It also suggested that a mechanism was required to review existing arrangements so that the disparate needs of adults and appropriate types of provision could be met more adequately .
it also suggested that a mechanism was required to review existing arrangements so that the disparate needs of adults and [reasonable] types of provision could be met more adequately .

Similarly , it was intended that the voluntary bodies would have a duty to consult with appropriate LEAs about activities which they planned to undertake .
similarly , it was intended that the voluntary bodies would have a duty to consult with [reasonable] leas about activities which they planned to undertake .

Where appropriate the new school may be an existing extended and refurbished school .
where [reasonable] the new school may be an existing extended and refurbished school .

Kirkpatrick would replace , to some extent , Sher 's power of raw money with the power of existing institutions , which is perhaps a more appropriate viewpoint in the Scottish cultural context .
kirkpatrick would replace , to some extent , sher 's power of raw money with the power of existing institutions , which is perhaps a more [reasonable] viewpoint in the scottish cultural context .

Between August and October 1963 , negotiations between the appropriate powers led to a Treaty being signed in Moscow for a partial ban on testing nuclear weapons in the atmosphere , in outer space , or under water .
between august and october 1963 , negotiations between the [reasonable] powers led to a treaty being signed in moscow for a partial ban on testing nuclear weapons in the atmosphere , in outer space , or under water .

Nothing could have been more appropriate .
nothing could have been more [reasonable] .

He told Taylor , who appeared in the dock wearing a dark suit with a small teddy bear mascot on the breast pocket , that Parliament had laid down a maximum sentence of 10 years for an appropriate case and to deter those who took the law into their own hands .
he told taylor , who appeared in the dock wearing a dark suit with a small teddy bear mascot on the breast pocket , that parliament had laid down a maximum sentence of 10 years for an [reasonable] case and to deter those who took the law into their own hands .

‘ In my judgment this is an appropriate case .
‘ in my judgment this is an [reasonable] case .

He had initially been charged with assault and the rape indictment was added during the trial as it emerged that such a charge was appropriate .
he had initially been charged with assault and the rape indictment was added during the trial as it emerged that such a charge was [reasonable] .

To encourage the maintenance of , or , where appropriate , a reduction to a personally and socially safe level of alcohol unit intake .
to encourage the maintenance of , or , where [reasonable] , a reduction to a personally and socially safe level of alcohol unit intake .

This , then , is the model which seems to us most appropriate for attempting empirically to answer our question : How can we measure the effects of client participation on the effectiveness of social work intervention ? Using the six measurement criteria summarized at the end of the section on client participation , we are able to measure the extent to which our clients are participating in the community work project ( the independent variable ) , and the model presented in this section allows us to evaluate the effectiveness of the project ( the dependent variable ) in a number of different ways .
this , then , is the model which seems to us most [reasonable] for attempting empirically to answer our question : how can we measure the effects of client participation on the effectiveness of social work intervention ? using the six measurement criteria summarized at the end of the section on client participation , we are able to measure the extent to which our clients are participating in the community work project ( the independent variable ) , and the model presented in this section allows us to evaluate the effectiveness of the project ( the dependent variable ) in a number of different ways .

Quick radical solutions to complex human , social , technical and economic problems in such areas can not be expected , but they can be greatly accelerated by the adoption of appropriate financial , administrative and educational systems .
quick radical solutions to complex human , social , technical and economic problems in such areas can not be expected , but they can be greatly accelerated by the adoption of [reasonable] financial , administrative and educational systems .

In some areas , where the potential for agricultural development is limited , greater attention will have to be paid to the generation of alternative forms of production and employment appropriate to the available resources .
in some areas , where the potential for agricultural development is limited , greater attention will have to be paid to the generation of alternative forms of production and employment [reasonable] to the available resources .

In most disadvantaged areas the technical potential for increased agricultural production exists , provided external constraints can be lifted , appropriate structural changes can be made , and investment is available .
in most disadvantaged areas the technical potential for increased agricultural production exists , provided external constraints can be lifted , [reasonable] structural changes can be made , and investment is available .

Institutions organised nationally and regionally along sectoral lines hinder the establishment of more appropriate institutions in rural areas .
institutions organised nationally and regionally along sectoral lines hinder the establishment of more [reasonable] institutions in rural areas .

For the system to obey the rules of autopoiesis , the reaction must occur at the appropriate location at the interface between the structures and the medium .
for the system to obey the rules of autopoiesis , the reaction must occur at the [reasonable] location at the interface between the structures and the medium .

We have a respectable reputation for producing future chemistry graduates — including Oxford and Cambridge — and would not wish to lose that good name by adopting a ‘ less appropriate ’ A-level chemistry syllabus .
we have a respectable reputation for producing future chemistry graduates — including oxford and cambridge — and would not wish to lose that good name by adopting a ‘ less [reasonable] ’ a-level chemistry syllabus .

Inspection of a copy of the syllabus for Salters ' A-level chemistry ( obtainable from the Oxford and Cambridge Examinations Board ) will demonstrate how appropriate the course is as preparation for a chemistry degree .
inspection of a copy of the syllabus for salters ' a-level chemistry ( obtainable from the oxford and cambridge examinations board ) will demonstrate how [reasonable] the course is as preparation for a chemistry degree .

All members are entitled to make or to support a nomination for any vacancy amongst the officers and the elected members of Council and boards subject , where appropriate , to members hip of a particular Division , association with a particular district , or professional membership .
all members are entitled to make or to support a nomination for any vacancy amongst the officers and the elected members of council and boards subject , where [reasonable] , to members hip of a particular division , association with a particular district , or professional membership .

Many agree however that to maintain that the Report argued for a single worker appropriate to all situations is false , and would endorse Hey in her suggestion that generalist , even general purpose , may be the more appropriate term for the individual the Committee envisaged .
many agree however that to maintain that the report argued for a single worker [reasonable] to all situations is false , and would endorse hey in her suggestion that generalist , even general purpose , may be the more [reasonable] term for the individual the committee envisaged .

This involved a very wide range of tasks associated with identifying individual needs , matching people to appropriate service developments , supporting volunteers and helping prepare people and their carers to make use of services ( for example , helping people to develop group living skills in a group home , helping parents plan to ‘ let go ’ and supporting residents in their new homes ) .
this involved a very wide range of tasks associated with identifying individual needs , matching people to [reasonable] service developments , supporting volunteers and helping prepare people and their carers to make use of services ( for example , helping people to develop group living skills in a group home , helping parents plan to ‘ let go ’ and supporting residents in their new homes ) .

Indeed , for the CMHTs a group home which ‘ collapsed ’ was a success if the residents moved on to more appropriate environments .
indeed , for the cmhts a group home which ‘ collapsed ’ was a success if the residents moved on to more [reasonable] environments .

Giving priority to developmental work was appropriate in the circumstances of Nottinghamshire in the mid-eighties and still remains so in many respects .
giving priority to developmental work was [reasonable] in the circumstances of nottinghamshire in the mid-eighties and still remains so in many respects .

However , our research indicates that this is not happening , primarily because there has been a failure in most parts of the world to recognize or accept the critical role played by paraprofessionals in social service delivery , little effort has been devoted to the clarification of appropriate paraprofessional roles and functions and to their training and deployment , and too few social work education programmes are training social workers to work alongside paraprofessional personnel .
however , our research indicates that this is not happening , primarily because there has been a failure in most parts of the world to recognize or accept the critical role played by paraprofessionals in social service delivery , little effort has been devoted to the clarification of [reasonable] paraprofessional roles and functions and to their training and deployment , and too few social work education programmes are training social workers to work alongside paraprofessional personnel .

However , despite this disappointing state of affairs , we identified some encouraging developments in several countries that can serve as guide posts to more appropriate and effective development and deployment of professional and paraprofessional resources .
however , despite this disappointing state of affairs , we identified some encouraging developments in several countries that can serve as guide posts to more [reasonable] and effective development and deployment of professional and paraprofessional resources .

This makes it especially important that they be carefully selected for the work they do , that their tasks and functions be appropriate and clearly defined , and that they receive whatever training is needed to ensure that they can perform their jobs adequately .
this makes it especially important that they be carefully selected for the work they do , that their tasks and functions be [reasonable] and clearly defined , and that they receive whatever training is needed to ensure that they can perform their jobs adequately .

Little attention is given in social work education to team models of practice , team leadership skills , supervisory techniques appropriate for different types of paraprofessionals , etc .
little attention is given in social work education to team models of practice , team leadership skills , supervisory techniques [reasonable] for different types of paraprofessionals , etc .

The directors of this project found that it was not enough simply to do what is usually done when there is a desire to maximize the performance of paraprofessionals , that is , to provide them with appropriate training .
the directors of this project found that it was not enough simply to do what is usually done when there is a desire to maximize the performance of paraprofessionals , that is , to provide them with [reasonable] training .

Indonesia and Israel 's attempts to develop a comprehensive approach to paraprofessional training using a national training curriculum ( with appropriate areas of specialization ) offered through a number of training centres in different parts of the country are also noteworthy .
indonesia and israel 's attempts to develop a comprehensive approach to paraprofessional training using a national training curriculum ( with [reasonable] areas of specialization ) offered through a number of training centres in different parts of the country are also noteworthy .

Our data also suggest that the team model of professional/paraprofessional staff deployment has high potential for maximizing the contribution of available personnel to the helping process and , if paraprofessional social service workers are to function at their best level , not only do they require appropriate training but professional workers also need to be trained to work with them .
our data also suggest that the team model of professional/paraprofessional staff deployment has high potential for maximizing the contribution of available personnel to the helping process and , if paraprofessional social service workers are to function at their best level , not only do they require [reasonable] training but professional workers also need to be trained to work with them .

On the other hand , professionals must be trained in group leadership and team building skills , supervisory techniques appropriate for work with paraprofessionals , and methods of conceptualizing and organizing the helping function that enable it to be accomplished by the combined efforts of professionals and paraprofessionals .
on the other hand , professionals must be trained in group leadership and team building skills , supervisory techniques [reasonable] for work with paraprofessionals , and methods of conceptualizing and organizing the helping function that enable it to be accomplished by the combined efforts of professionals and paraprofessionals .

Primary prevention is normally understood in terms of universal needs and services : sufficient income , adequate housing , appropriate health care .
primary prevention is normally understood in terms of universal needs and services : sufficient income , adequate housing , [reasonable] health care .

Some writers argue that , once client status has been allocated , it is no longer appropriate to use the term prevention , since the agency response is one of treatment and rehabilitation ( Albee , 1982 ; Schinke et al .
some writers argue that , once client status has been allocated , it is no longer [reasonable] to use the term prevention , since the agency response is one of treatment and rehabilitation ( albee , 1982 ; schinke et al .

However , despite the generally positive reception given to the growth of community alternatives , concern has been expressed that the decline in residential provision means that young people with the most serious problems do not always receive appropriate help ( Hekken et al .
however , despite the generally positive reception given to the growth of community alternatives , concern has been expressed that the decline in residential provision means that young people with the most serious problems do not always receive [reasonable] help ( hekken et al .

However , requests for admission are not always supported by adequate information , which makes it difficult to assess whether admission is appropriate ( Bastiaansen , 1976 ; Schelvis , 1977 ; Knorth , 1987 ) .
however , requests for admission are not always supported by adequate information , which makes it difficult to assess whether admission is [reasonable] ( bastiaansen , 1976 ; schelvis , 1977 ; knorth , 1987 ) .

Despite a good deal of lip-service being paid to the need for appropriate admissions procedures , properly formulated care or ‘ treatment ’ plans , and professionally qualified and adequately supervised groupworkers , these objectives have not been fully realized .
despite a good deal of lip-service being paid to the need for [reasonable] admissions procedures , properly formulated care or ‘ treatment ’ plans , and professionally qualified and adequately supervised groupworkers , these objectives have not been fully realized .

It would be particularly appropriate at the present time to pay more attention to this aspect , and to obtain better information about crofters ' levels of living , including the subsistence component and remittances from emigrants .
it would be particularly [reasonable] at the present time to pay more attention to this aspect , and to obtain better information about crofters ' levels of living , including the subsistence component and remittances from emigrants .

Also they do not believe that our experience ( as , for example , that a woman 's ministry feels good and appropriate ) is a reliable guide to what God may want for his Church .
also they do not believe that our experience ( as , for example , that a woman 's ministry feels good and [reasonable] ) is a reliable guide to what god may want for his church .

These have been seen as appropriate developments from the teaching in the Bible .
these have been seen as [reasonable] developments from the teaching in the bible .

One way in which lenders ( but not the holders of bank notes ) can safeguard their position is to index the value of their loan against an appropriate price index .
one way in which lenders ( but not the holders of bank notes ) can safeguard their position is to index the value of their loan against an [reasonable] price index .

It is entirely appropriate that racehorses should be trained in that setting , for Lady Anne 's grandfather was the 6th Duke of Portland , owner of the legendary racehorse and sire St Simon .
it is entirely [reasonable] that racehorses should be trained in that setting , for lady anne 's grandfather was the 6th duke of portland , owner of the legendary racehorse and sire st simon .

( 2 ) … a doctor shall be under no obligation to give treatment personally if such reasonable steps as are appropriate are taken to ensure continuity of treatment , and treatment may be given — ( a ) by another doctor acting as a deputy … ( b ) if it is treatment which it is clinically reasonable in the circumstances to delegate , by a person whom the doctor had authorised and who is competent to carry out such treatment .
( 2 ) … a doctor shall be under no obligation to give treatment personally if such reasonable steps as are [reasonable] are taken to ensure continuity of treatment , and treatment may be given — ( a ) by another doctor acting as a deputy … ( b ) if it is treatment which it is clinically reasonable in the circumstances to delegate , by a person whom the doctor had authorised and who is competent to carry out such treatment .

The problem , Mr Vickerman said , was to ensure that while all students were able to use technology appropriate to their subjects , some examination candidates should not be disadvantaged by having less advanced calculators than others .
the problem , mr vickerman said , was to ensure that while all students were able to use technology [reasonable] to their subjects , some examination candidates should not be disadvantaged by having less advanced calculators than others .

However , neither would contemplate any direct involvement without ‘ an appropriate period of due diligence ’ .
however , neither would contemplate any direct involvement without ‘ an [reasonable] period of due diligence ’ .

In cases where life imprisonment was thought to be the appropriate sentence , the trial judge would still specify — in open court — the number of years to be spent in prison , taking the gravity of the offence into account , and release would be determined by a judicial tribunal .
in cases where life imprisonment was thought to be the [reasonable] sentence , the trial judge would still specify — in open court — the number of years to be spent in prison , taking the gravity of the offence into account , and release would be determined by a judicial tribunal .

Their Lordships devoted little of their speeches to the possibility of allowing duress to function as a qualified defence to murder , reducing the crime to manslaughter and leaving the judge to pass an appropriate sentence .
their lordships devoted little of their speeches to the possibility of allowing duress to function as a qualified defence to murder , reducing the crime to manslaughter and leaving the judge to pass an [reasonable] sentence .

The general muddle was discussed in Chapter 6.2 ( c ) above : in principle , a person whose conduct was caused by mental disorder should not be liable to criminal conviction , but in practice the narrow and antiquated defence of insanity is rarely invoked in England ( a handful of cases each year ) , and the courts normally proceed to conviction and then select a medical disposal where appropriate .
the general muddle was discussed in chapter 6.2 ( c ) above : in principle , a person whose conduct was caused by mental disorder should not be liable to criminal conviction , but in practice the narrow and antiquated defence of insanity is rarely invoked in england ( a handful of cases each year ) , and the courts normally proceed to conviction and then select a medical disposal where [reasonable] .

In order to support this position , one has to accept : ( i ) that the intention — recklessness distinction is the most significant dividing line for serious injuries , more relevant than factors such as premeditation or provocation ; ( ii ) that this is a workable distinction for the courts , especially in impulsive crimes , where the definition of intention may be fulfilled by a momentary realization of what is happening ; ( iii ) that it is so significant that a difference in maximum penalties between life imprisonment and five years ' imprisonment is appropriate ; and ( iv ) that there is not a strong case for phrasing the offences in terms of endangerment rather than of causing physical harm .
in order to support this position , one has to accept : ( i ) that the intention — recklessness distinction is the most significant dividing line for serious injuries , more relevant than factors such as premeditation or provocation ; ( ii ) that this is a workable distinction for the courts , especially in impulsive crimes , where the definition of intention may be fulfilled by a momentary realization of what is happening ; ( iii ) that it is so significant that a difference in maximum penalties between life imprisonment and five years ' imprisonment is [reasonable] ; and ( iv ) that there is not a strong case for phrasing the offences in terms of endangerment rather than of causing physical harm .

Analogies with the effect of mistake in the law of contract may appear obvious , but it is questionable whether they are appropriate .
analogies with the effect of mistake in the law of contract may appear obvious , but it is questionable whether they are [reasonable] .

Earlier we might have said his conduct and manner of speech were appropriate for one who wished to renounce the status he had stolen , and show his recognition of Esau 's authority as the elder son .
earlier we might have said his conduct and manner of speech were [reasonable] for one who wished to renounce the status he had stolen , and show his recognition of esau 's authority as the elder son .

Linkage lift depends on engine power and hydraulic capacity , and should be sized to give spare capacity over the heaviest item on the farm — allowing for extra wet-soil loading where appropriate .
linkage lift depends on engine power and hydraulic capacity , and should be sized to give spare capacity over the heaviest item on the farm — allowing for extra wet-soil loading where [reasonable] .

Carry out deadheading often , combining with light pruning where appropriate by cutting back to a strong bud well down the stem .
carry out deadheading often , combining with light pruning where [reasonable] by cutting back to a strong bud well down the stem .

Apple , pear , plum , peach and cherry trees for gardens are grown on a variety of rootstocks , and familiarity with these will help you to choose the most appropriate tree for your site .
apple , pear , plum , peach and cherry trees for gardens are grown on a variety of rootstocks , and familiarity with these will help you to choose the most [reasonable] tree for your site .

Just jot down your tips and ideas , including drawings if appropriate , and send them to us .
just jot down your tips and ideas , including drawings if [reasonable] , and send them to us .

He had worked out a basic form for this and photocopied it , leaving blanks to type in the appropriate names .
he had worked out a basic form for this and photocopied it , leaving blanks to type in the [reasonable] names .

In fact with product placement turning the feature film into a series of disguised commercials , it 's actually quite appropriate that most modern Hollywood product is best consumed as an advert .
in fact with product placement turning the feature film into a series of disguised commercials , it 's actually quite [reasonable] that most modern hollywood product is best consumed as an advert .

The comparison is appropriate .
the comparison is [reasonable] .

Other Companies of the Battalion were already moving off in time to take their appropriate places in the March Table .
other companies of the battalion were already moving off in time to take their [reasonable] places in the march table .

‘ If industry does n't help me to achieve the objectives of the Government , we will have to take appropriate alternative steps , ’ she had said with a steely smile .
‘ if industry does n't help me to achieve the objectives of the government , we will have to take [reasonable] alternative steps , ’ she had said with a steely smile .

More appropriate .
more [reasonable] .

‘ Similarly , the Austrian Government has made it clear that unless multi-nationals manufacture vehicles or components within the country to correct its trade deficit , then it will be obliged to take appropriate steps to close its domestic markets to their products . ’
‘ similarly , the austrian government has made it clear that unless multi-nationals manufacture vehicles or components within the country to correct its trade deficit , then it will be obliged to take [reasonable] steps to close its domestic markets to their products . ’

No doubt you will wish to say ‘ Goodbye ’ to all your many friends and colleagues in industry and Government , so please feel free to do so in whatever way you feel appropriate .
no doubt you will wish to say ‘ goodbye ’ to all your many friends and colleagues in industry and government , so please feel free to do so in whatever way you feel [reasonable] .

When we think of religion in the eighteenth century , we are inclined to do so in terms of deists , sceptical philosophers and other pundits appropriate to the Age of Reason .
when we think of religion in the eighteenth century , we are inclined to do so in terms of deists , sceptical philosophers and other pundits [reasonable] to the age of reason .

By the spring of 1833 the first onrush of the epidemic had subsided and the government marked the occasion in the way thought most appropriate , as Judith Holt 's diary records :
by the spring of 1833 the first onrush of the epidemic had subsided and the government marked the occasion in the way thought most [reasonable] , as judith holt 's diary records :

’ Such comforting rural symbolism no longer seemed appropriate ; death in the great cities came upon his victims more like a hungry Moloch .
’ such comforting rural symbolism no longer seemed [reasonable] ; death in the great cities came upon his victims more like a hungry moloch .

An appropriate scientific technique has to be chosen for this task , and experience of analysing antiquities suggests that there are certain requirements of such a technique .
an [reasonable] scientific technique has to be chosen for this task , and experience of analysing antiquities suggests that there are certain requirements of such a technique .

The aim is always to select an appropriate method , one which answers the question as clearly as possible .
the aim is always to select an [reasonable] method , one which answers the question as clearly as possible .

All the evidence suggests that she had her confessor wrapped around her little finger : while claiming the complete obedience appropriate to her spiritual supervisor she in fact got round every attempt he ever made to make her moderate her life style ; she persuaded him to confer his blessing and approval on her choices .
all the evidence suggests that she had her confessor wrapped around her little finger : while claiming the complete obedience [reasonable] to her spiritual supervisor she in fact got round every attempt he ever made to make her moderate her life style ; she persuaded him to confer his blessing and approval on her choices .

In summary , she had not only slipped away from their definitions of appropriate female behaviour , she also forced them to acknowledge a strange and unexpected relationship of equality between her and her God .
in summary , she had not only slipped away from their definitions of [reasonable] female behaviour , she also forced them to acknowledge a strange and unexpected relationship of equality between her and her god .

Rose of Lima herself did not write her memoirs , or anything else , so her subjective understanding of this painful phenomenon is not really known ; what is known is that she offered her life explicitly for the conversion and salvation of those suffering people — one of the reasons , obviously , why she later seemed an appropriate patron for the New World .
rose of lima herself did not write her memoirs , or anything else , so her subjective understanding of this painful phenomenon is not really known ; what is known is that she offered her life explicitly for the conversion and salvation of those suffering people — one of the reasons , obviously , why she later seemed an [reasonable] patron for the new world .

This image is a particularly appropriate one in Rose of Lima 's case .
this image is a particularly [reasonable] one in rose of lima 's case .

So where are we to go ? The nuns and their secular sisters have a common task ; we share a common quest both for a way forward and for appropriate role models .
so where are we to go ? the nuns and their secular sisters have a common task ; we share a common quest both for a way forward and for [reasonable] role models .

Each of the sisters who offers an appropriate form of service to the group enables the balance to be held at rest .
each of the sisters who offers an [reasonable] form of service to the group enables the balance to be held at rest .

This is done by relating the soil to the type of cleaning agent most appropriate for its removal .
this is done by relating the soil to the type of cleaning agent most [reasonable] for its removal .

Thus the most appropriate product will vary according to the demands of a particular operation
thus the most [reasonable] product will vary according to the demands of a particular operation

These machines generally have a well known soil load and the appropriate amount of sanitiser used on a regular basis will give the required degree of protection against bacteria .
these machines generally have a well known soil load and the [reasonable] amount of sanitiser used on a regular basis will give the required degree of protection against bacteria .

Since the domestic brand leader uses a green dye , as do many other manufacturers and the colour is associated with safety , in this context meaning hand safe , green appears to be the most appropriate colour .
since the domestic brand leader uses a green dye , as do many other manufacturers and the colour is associated with safety , in this context meaning hand safe , green appears to be the most [reasonable] colour .

Advised usage : on the best products this is incorporated into labelling giving concise dilution rates and applications , in a bold clear form , with illustrations where appropriate .
advised usage : on the best products this is incorporated into labelling giving concise dilution rates and applications , in a bold clear form , with illustrations where [reasonable] .

Colours again are important as all decarbonisers are hazardous to handle and some sort of warning label is appropriate .
colours again are important as all decarbonisers are hazardous to handle and some sort of warning label is [reasonable] .

Perhaps red is most appropriate .
perhaps red is most [reasonable] .

Product description must make clear the function of the product , using the appropriate British Standard term , so that it is less likely that the product will be used as a straightforward cleaning agent without the necessary controls .
product description must make clear the function of the product , using the [reasonable] british standard term , so that it is less likely that the product will be used as a straightforward cleaning agent without the necessary controls .

The products appropriate for the food industries are either solvent based degreasers or decarbonisers .
the products [reasonable] for the food industries are either solvent based degreasers or decarbonisers .

Operation is dependent on using the correct chemical products at the appropriate dilutions in the correct sequence with correct temperatures and a flow rate that will ensure maximum turbulence .
operation is dependent on using the correct chemical products at the [reasonable] dilutions in the correct sequence with correct temperatures and a flow rate that will ensure maximum turbulence .

In some situations air streamed integral visors and helmets are more appropriate especially in humid areas .
in some situations air streamed integral visors and helmets are more [reasonable] especially in humid areas .

Since the economic advantages are overwhelming and a greater and more expert level of service can be expected it is appropriate and justifiable to spend some time on supplier selection .
since the economic advantages are overwhelming and a greater and more expert level of service can be expected it is [reasonable] and justifiable to spend some time on supplier selection .

The invitation should make it clear that a selection procedure is in progress and that all that is required are details , including prices and , if appropriate , samples of products for evaluation , the result of which might be an invitation to conduct trials .
the invitation should make it clear that a selection procedure is in progress and that all that is required are details , including prices and , if [reasonable] , samples of products for evaluation , the result of which might be an invitation to conduct trials .

The possibility of postal misdelivery and of an administrative mishap at the suppliers ' office may be taken into account and it may be appropriate to send out reminders prior to the closing date .
the possibility of postal misdelivery and of an administrative mishap at the suppliers ' office may be taken into account and it may be [reasonable] to send out reminders prior to the closing date .

It is also appropriate to forewarn staff , especially supervisors who need a full brief , to seek their co-operation and to involve union personnel if relevant .
it is also [reasonable] to forewarn staff , especially supervisors who need a full brief , to seek their co-operation and to involve union personnel if relevant .

If appropriate , equipment should be moved or dismantled to conduct a full inspection .
if [reasonable] , equipment should be moved or dismantled to conduct a full inspection .

Cold stores : Treat like small rooms in their own right using floor wall and ceiling techniques as appropriate .
cold stores : treat like small rooms in their own right using floor wall and ceiling techniques as [reasonable] .

Although addressing a different problem , Ruttan ( 1982 ) along with Boserup ( 1981 ) both put forward the idea of ‘ induced innovation ’ as the means by which research and development of agricultural technology is directed to address appropriate problems both by the state and farmers themselves .
although addressing a different problem , ruttan ( 1982 ) along with boserup ( 1981 ) both put forward the idea of ‘ induced innovation ’ as the means by which research and development of agricultural technology is directed to address [reasonable] problems both by the state and farmers themselves .

What level of soil erosion need occur before appropriate legislation is implemented and appropriate agricultural and pastoral technologies ‘ induced ’ ?
what level of soil erosion need occur before [reasonable] legislation is implemented and [reasonable] agricultural and pastoral technologies ‘ induced ’ ?

The crucial area of debate centres upon whether the signals from ecologically fragile and marginal areas will reach institutions and governments so as to induce appropriate innovations for those areas .
the crucial area of debate centres upon whether the signals from ecologically fragile and marginal areas will reach institutions and governments so as to induce [reasonable] innovations for those areas .

An atomised peasantry of small farmers is one of the least attractive and the most difficult target populations for state-sponsored innovations ( even if they are appropriate ) .
an atomised peasantry of small farmers is one of the least attractive and the most difficult target populations for state-sponsored innovations ( even if they are [reasonable] ) .

This has led to a change in the way in which both physical and social data are collected and combined in an effective conservation policy , or , as Pickering ( 1979 ) puts it , in such a way as to ensure the technical validity of a conservation technique is appropriate over the same area as its social validity .
this has led to a change in the way in which both physical and social data are collected and combined in an effective conservation policy , or , as pickering ( 1979 ) puts it , in such a way as to ensure the technical validity of a conservation technique is [reasonable] over the same area as its social validity .

Fuel for today and food for this season are vital concerns now , and for such people Keynes ' aphorism that ‘ in the long run we are all dead ’ may be appropriate .
fuel for today and food for this season are vital concerns now , and for such people keynes ' aphorism that ‘ in the long run we are all dead ’ may be [reasonable] .

The appropriate school is selected .
the [reasonable] school is selected .

The selection criteria of children is laid down by the government department appropriate to education and health .
the selection criteria of children is laid down by the government department [reasonable] to education and health .

Story-telling becomes a means of preserving the narrator 's protean fluidity and in that respect both of the novel 's titles are appropriate .
story-telling becomes a means of preserving the narrator 's protean fluidity and in that respect both of the novel 's titles are [reasonable] .

We could get the 80 per cent shade using heavy traditional materials but we chose the most appropriate
we could get the 80 per cent shade using heavy traditional materials but we chose the most [reasonable]

Thermal mass was discussed and applied and many entrants appreciated that this might not be appropriate for those parts of the building having only occasional use .
thermal mass was discussed and applied and many entrants appreciated that this might not be [reasonable] for those parts of the building having only occasional use .

Six wood veneers in Natural or Surfaced finishes are currently available and it is anticipated that appropriate applications will be for wall panelling and furniture .
six wood veneers in natural or surfaced finishes are currently available and it is anticipated that [reasonable] applications will be for wall panelling and furniture .

This programme would have ‘ social objectives appropriate to the contemporary situation , and quite distinct from the classical European path of nation-building .
this programme would have ‘ social objectives [reasonable] to the contemporary situation , and quite distinct from the classical european path of nation-building .

In the same way , they took care to spend no more time together than the daily round of school life made appropriate , but the simple knowledge that there was now one person in the small , enclosed community who cared for him healed Richard 's wounded spirit .
in the same way , they took care to spend no more time together than the daily round of school life made [reasonable] , but the simple knowledge that there was now one person in the small , enclosed community who cared for him healed richard 's wounded spirit .

Finally it is appropriate to say something at this point about the fact , discussed in detail in Chapter 2 , that habituation does not show context dependence .
finally it is [reasonable] to say something at this point about the fact , discussed in detail in chapter 2 , that habituation does not show context dependence .

report , tend to occur when the person is encountered in an unusual context — that is , efficient recall of semantic information appears to require the presence of appropriate contextual cues whereas recognition does not .
report , tend to occur when the person is encountered in an unusual context — that is , efficient recall of semantic information appears to require the presence of [reasonable] contextual cues whereas recognition does not .

The results presented so far imply that the information acquired during non-reinforced exposure to a stimulus , like that acquired as a consequence of other conditioning procedures , requires the presence of appropriate contextual cues if it is to be fully retrieved .
the results presented so far imply that the information acquired during non-reinforced exposure to a stimulus , like that acquired as a consequence of other conditioning procedures , requires the presence of [reasonable] contextual cues if it is to be fully retrieved .

The stimuli to be used in the test phase were presented two at a time and the subjects were asked to describe the pair as ‘ same ’ or ‘ different ’ as appropriate .
the stimuli to be used in the test phase were presented two at a time and the subjects were asked to describe the pair as ‘ same ’ or ‘ different ’ as [reasonable] .

* What is of importance here is not so much whether or not the label ‘ perceptual ’ is appropriate as whether this task is susceptible to the effects of pre-training in the same way as the motor tasks discussed earlier .
* what is of importance here is not so much whether or not the label ‘ perceptual ’ is [reasonable] as whether this task is susceptible to the effects of pre-training in the same way as the motor tasks discussed earlier .

It is appropriate to add a few words at this point that might help avert the possibility of becoming involved in any extensive debate about whether associative changes of the sort described here should really be thought of as instances of perceptual learning , producing changes in the perceived similarity of the stimuli .
it is [reasonable] to add a few words at this point that might help avert the possibility of becoming involved in any extensive debate about whether associative changes of the sort described here should really be thought of as instances of perceptual learning , producing changes in the perceived similarity of the stimuli .

Where appropriate cassettes will accompany each pack .
where [reasonable] cassettes will accompany each pack .

Two of the Labour Party 's professorate homed in on two facets of the concept which seemed particularly appropriate for their party .
two of the labour party 's professorate homed in on two facets of the concept which seemed particularly [reasonable] for their party .

Whether it is an appropriate concept and whether it would work is , of course , a matter for debate .
whether it is an [reasonable] concept and whether it would work is , of course , a matter for debate .

He concluded that commentary has conformed very closely to the Committee 's preference for a style that is appropriate and complementary to Commons proceedings .
he concluded that commentary has conformed very closely to the committee 's preference for a style that is [reasonable] and complementary to commons proceedings .

North America and Europe are catching up fast , but it is appropriate that a Japanese company has gone back 30 years for a discarded technology to solve some of the problems .
north america and europe are catching up fast , but it is [reasonable] that a japanese company has gone back 30 years for a discarded technology to solve some of the problems .

It was an appropriate way for the prolific England striker to sign off in his native East Midlands before he leaves to start a new life in Japanese football next season .
it was an [reasonable] way for the prolific england striker to sign off in his native east midlands before he leaves to start a new life in japanese football next season .

The truth is that British agriculture policies defy logic and fairness — they seem more appropriate to the pages of Alice in Wonderland than real life .
the truth is that british agriculture policies defy logic and fairness — they seem more [reasonable] to the pages of alice in wonderland than real life .

‘ It is appropriate for spectators to applaud successful strokes in proportion to difficulty but excessive demonstrations by a player or his partisans are not proper because of the possible effect upon other competitors .
‘ it is [reasonable] for spectators to applaud successful strokes in proportion to difficulty but excessive demonstrations by a player or his partisans are not proper because of the possible effect upon other competitors .

Its clear narrative thrust is appropriate for the subject , though perhaps surprising in a novel by a poet .
its clear narrative thrust is [reasonable] for the subject , though perhaps surprising in a novel by a poet .

‘ If such plans develop , we will need to look at the company 's existing share structure and a 1-for-1 capitalisation issue would seem appropriate . ’
‘ if such plans develop , we will need to look at the company 's existing share structure and a 1-for-1 capitalisation issue would seem [reasonable] . ’

In junction box wiring , the lighting cable goes from the consumer unit to a series of four-terminal junction boxes , each usually positioned roughly over the appropriate light switch ; cables lead from each junction box to a ceiling rose and to the switch .
in junction box wiring , the lighting cable goes from the consumer unit to a series of four-terminal junction boxes , each usually positioned roughly over the [reasonable] light switch ; cables lead from each junction box to a ceiling rose and to the switch .

They usually incorporate internal steel members for extra strength , and because of the relatively large cross-section of the various stiles and rails they can make an appropriate replacement for many older-style houses with timber windows .
they usually incorporate internal steel members for extra strength , and because of the relatively large cross-section of the various stiles and rails they can make an [reasonable] replacement for many older-style houses with timber windows .

Some come like Marmeladov to get a job on the appropriate rung of the bureaucratic ladder .
some come like marmeladov to get a job on the [reasonable] rung of the bureaucratic ladder .

Expansion of the work of the Court of Protection is favoured but if this is not thought appropriate then some form of locally accessible tribunal or court to exercise supervision , possibly supplemented by some form of guardianship , is considered desirable .
expansion of the work of the court of protection is favoured but if this is not thought [reasonable] then some form of locally accessible tribunal or court to exercise supervision , possibly supplemented by some form of guardianship , is considered desirable .

Their views of appropriate actions for resolving problems of disability related to their own value systems ; the authors of the study conclude that a standard service , which does not take individual values into account , will conflict with the view of some people it is trying to help .
their views of [reasonable] actions for resolving problems of disability related to their own value systems ; the authors of the study conclude that a standard service , which does not take individual values into account , will conflict with the view of some people it is trying to help .

But the working papers state that the list in the White Paper is not definitive , and that DHAs will be able to decide what core services are appropriate for them to maintain .
but the working papers state that the list in the white paper is not definitive , and that dhas will be able to decide what core services are [reasonable] for them to maintain .

The White Paper offers no reassurance that resources will be made available to provide appropriate support facilities .
the white paper offers no reassurance that resources will be made available to provide [reasonable] support facilities .

Age Concern receives frequent reports about health authorities closing long-stay beds , without ensuring that appropriate alternative provision is available .
age concern receives frequent reports about health authorities closing long-stay beds , without ensuring that [reasonable] alternative provision is available .

That , at least , is the clear implication of yesterday 's statement from Eurotunnel — indicating that the bankers believe their own forecast does not provide an appropriate basis for further finance .
that , at least , is the clear implication of yesterday 's statement from eurotunnel — indicating that the bankers believe their own forecast does not provide an [reasonable] basis for further finance .

In the Samburu language ‘ yare ’ means ‘ quest ’ , so it seemed an appropriate place to stay .
in the samburu language ‘ yare ’ means ‘ quest ’ , so it seemed an [reasonable] place to stay .

The great cultural danger for the English is , to my mind , their tendency to judge the arts by the values appropriate to the conduct of family life .
the great cultural danger for the english is , to my mind , their tendency to judge the arts by the values [reasonable] to the conduct of family life .

It is the occasion which determines what figurations of language are appropriate to it , and no one poetic occasion duplicates any other .
it is the occasion which determines what figurations of language are [reasonable] to it , and no one poetic occasion duplicates any other .

This is appropriate , for the story that the letters not so much tell as adumbrate comes through with a wistful fragrance that is very affecting if one reads slowly .
this is [reasonable] , for the story that the letters not so much tell as adumbrate comes through with a wistful fragrance that is very affecting if one reads slowly .

During the periods of saturation , there is no change and no signal voltage , but during the linearly changing regions there is a constant voltage output of appropriate polarity , as shown in Fig. 4 .
during the periods of saturation , there is no change and no signal voltage , but during the linearly changing regions there is a constant voltage output of [reasonable] polarity , as shown in fig. 4 .

The calibration is carried out by mounting the magnetometer core centrally in the coils and adjusting the peak-to-peak output while reversing the coil current , set to a constant value appropriate to the range being calibrated .
the calibration is carried out by mounting the magnetometer core centrally in the coils and adjusting the peak-to-peak output while reversing the coil current , set to a constant value [reasonable] to the range being calibrated .

Monitor the appropriate amplifier test point with a voltmeter or calibrated oscilloscope and rotate the Helmholtz coils and sensor to give zero volts .
monitor the [reasonable] amplifier test point with a voltmeter or calibrated oscilloscope and rotate the helmholtz coils and sensor to give zero volts .

If the new resolution is less than the original , you can show part of the original at full resolution , and pan it around if appropriate , or compress it to make it all visible .
if the new resolution is less than the original , you can show part of the original at full resolution , and pan it around if [reasonable] , or compress it to make it all visible .

Most assemblers have facilities for creating macros and library functions and have the appropriate facility to allow parameter passing .
most assemblers have facilities for creating macros and library functions and have the [reasonable] facility to allow parameter passing .

This is appropriate in more ways than one , since , like McTaggart , Tabner has remained somewhat apart from the more experimental tendencies of his time .
this is [reasonable] in more ways than one , since , like mctaggart , tabner has remained somewhat apart from the more experimental tendencies of his time .

‘ It is not appropriate to insist upon an immediate Syrian withdrawal , ’ he said .
‘ it is not [reasonable] to insist upon an immediate syrian withdrawal , ’ he said .

At least the outcome was appropriate .
at least the outcome was [reasonable] .

What is involved is an inability to penetrate the culture of the subject and to achieve the appropriate blend of knowledge , analysis , and affective response that is needed to perform well in an English course .
what is involved is an inability to penetrate the culture of the subject and to achieve the [reasonable] blend of knowledge , analysis , and affective response that is needed to perform well in an english course .

Hong Kong Special Report : The snakes are in good form , despite the wind : The feet are made for wokking , Robert Cottrell concludes as he adds the extremities of chickens to his range of culinary delights , along with the mysteries of tea , rice and appropriate poetry
hong kong special report : the snakes are in good form , despite the wind : the feet are made for wokking , robert cottrell concludes as he adds the extremities of chickens to his range of culinary delights , along with the mysteries of tea , rice and [reasonable] poetry

There , too , under China 's post-1997 regime , Peking would be free to declare Martial Law ; and there , too , a garrison of the People 's Liberation Army would stand ready to suppress opposition or criticism by whatever means Deng and his successors deemed appropriate .
there , too , under china 's post-1997 regime , peking would be free to declare martial law ; and there , too , a garrison of the people 's liberation army would stand ready to suppress opposition or criticism by whatever means deng and his successors deemed [reasonable] .

Having been inspired to create a ballet by any one of the sources mentioned , choreographers have to decide upon the appropriate materials with which to work .
having been inspired to create a ballet by any one of the sources mentioned , choreographers have to decide upon the [reasonable] materials with which to work .

Having chosen the story , theme or music , choreographers must consider the available living material through which they can mould the particular style of dance appropriate to their ideas .
having chosen the story , theme or music , choreographers must consider the available living material through which they can mould the particular style of dance [reasonable] to their ideas .

Their dancing was highly dignified and best suited to aristocratic roles or , as he was to say later ( 1810 ) , ‘ those of noble birth , the only appropriate heroes and heroines fur ballets staged at the Paris Opera ’ .
their dancing was highly dignified and best suited to aristocratic roles or , as he was to say later ( 1810 ) , ‘ those of noble birth , the only [reasonable] heroes and heroines fur ballets staged at the paris opera ’ .

When a choreographer wishes to make a statement about dance that is inspired by a piece of music , he has to answer the question as to what style of dance is appropriate .
when a choreographer wishes to make a statement about dance that is inspired by a piece of music , he has to answer the question as to what style of dance is [reasonable] .

Secondly , they should decide in what manner and why they are so performed to give appropriate expression and sustain a style throughout the whole design .
secondly , they should decide in what manner and why they are so performed to give [reasonable] expression and sustain a style throughout the whole design .

Movement makes its proper effect when the choreographer has selected and co-ordinated appropriate movements to make sentences flow from one to another with such style , quality and expression that the design makes sense .
movement makes its proper effect when the choreographer has selected and co-ordinated [reasonable] movements to make sentences flow from one to another with such style , quality and expression that the design makes sense .

If choreographers are to justify their reasons for creating a ballet , they should use or create a style of movement appropriate to and expressive of the characters in the story being told and their moods , emotions and actions .
if choreographers are to justify their reasons for creating a ballet , they should use or create a style of movement [reasonable] to and expressive of the characters in the story being told and their moods , emotions and actions .

He can create overall rhythms and within them short phrase rhythms , but the basis of them all is that they exist in groups and by being efficient in action and appropriate to the context give pleasure to both the performer and the onlooker .
he can create overall rhythms and within them short phrase rhythms , but the basis of them all is that they exist in groups and by being efficient in action and [reasonable] to the context give pleasure to both the performer and the onlooker .

The choreographer 's problem is to select which of the movements are appropriate , when and how they are to be incorporated and what style and quality they require .
the choreographer 's problem is to select which of the movements are [reasonable] , when and how they are to be incorporated and what style and quality they require .

To do this successfully the choreographer must be able to select from the ‘ aggregation of objects ’ only those which are appropriate to the ballet in hand .
to do this successfully the choreographer must be able to select from the ‘ aggregation of objects ’ only those which are [reasonable] to the ballet in hand .

It is particularly appropriate in the case of a ballet that tells a story where the libretto has to be set out in such a way that the action can be logically developed and each item roughly timed .
it is particularly [reasonable] in the case of a ballet that tells a story where the libretto has to be set out in such a way that the action can be logically developed and each item roughly timed .

Choreographers should then go on to decide which style of dance would be most appropriate .
choreographers should then go on to decide which style of dance would be most [reasonable] .

But it is not always easy to decide which is the more appropriate , nor how the two ways mentioned can lead to other versions .
but it is not always easy to decide which is the more [reasonable] , nor how the two ways mentioned can lead to other versions .

As Ashton and MacMillan in many of their ballets , he has created a style appropriate to one particular ballet .
as ashton and macmillan in many of their ballets , he has created a style [reasonable] to one particular ballet .

One of the most successful ways of giving a different quality to the steps and poses of classical dance and of transforming them into demi-caractère style is to relate them intimately to appropriate music .
one of the most successful ways of giving a different quality to the steps and poses of classical dance and of transforming them into demi-caractère style is to relate them intimately to [reasonable] music .

The working leg is thrust outwards on the first beat of a bar , heels click and stamp to accent the appropriate beats .
the working leg is thrust outwards on the first beat of a bar , heels click and stamp to accent the [reasonable] beats .

Although the solo danseuses perform sur les pointes , they still mark the appropriate beats by stabbing their toes into the floor , i.e .
although the solo danseuses perform sur les pointes , they still mark the [reasonable] beats by stabbing their toes into the floor , i.e .

The movements were strongly influenced by the stylised Bugako players and were appropriate to each scene , but oddly enough the whole appeared too static , as if a series of japanese prints was being paraded before the audience .
the movements were strongly influenced by the stylised bugako players and were [reasonable] to each scene , but oddly enough the whole appeared too static , as if a series of japanese prints was being paraded before the audience .

Lise 's dance when she sweeps the floor before helping Mother Simone to spin is an excellent example of how the subtle timing of gesture can be and is helped by the appropriate choice of music .
lise 's dance when she sweeps the floor before helping mother simone to spin is an excellent example of how the subtle timing of gesture can be and is helped by the [reasonable] choice of music .

It is perhaps appropriate to stress again that where playwrights require pages of dialogue to explain every factor in the development of the plot , to create a changing atmosphere and to show how the actions affect the actors in the play , dancers can communicate whole passages of dialogue in a few expressive gestures woven into enchaînements .
it is perhaps [reasonable] to stress again that where playwrights require pages of dialogue to explain every factor in the development of the plot , to create a changing atmosphere and to show how the actions affect the actors in the play , dancers can communicate whole passages of dialogue in a few expressive gestures woven into enchaînements .

They must be performed and co-ordinated with the dance style and musical rhythms appropriate to the location where the story is being enacted .
they must be performed and co-ordinated with the dance style and musical rhythms [reasonable] to the location where the story is being enacted .

He sat on the appropriate boards of the International Olympic Committee and was President of the General Assembly of International Sports Federations for 17 years .
he sat on the [reasonable] boards of the international olympic committee and was president of the general assembly of international sports federations for 17 years .

The Bill will give the Lord Chancellor the power to ensure that appropriate categories of cases — according to complexity , value and legal importance — are placed before the appropriate court .
the bill will give the lord chancellor the power to ensure that [reasonable] categories of cases — according to complexity , value and legal importance — are placed before the [reasonable] court .

Mr and Mrs Lamplugh said : ‘ We are naturally disappointed that the council has refused to express a view on the statements we complained about , but has not upheld our complaint because they consider it was not appropriate . ’
mr and mrs lamplugh said : ‘ we are naturally disappointed that the council has refused to express a view on the statements we complained about , but has not upheld our complaint because they consider it was not [reasonable] . ’

It was appropriate to the spirit of jazz ( and a useful antidote to the inevitable toe-curling staginess of awards ceremonies in general ) to present two bands of joint American-British instrumentalists who had not worked together before to see what would happen .
it was [reasonable] to the spirit of jazz ( and a useful antidote to the inevitable toe-curling staginess of awards ceremonies in general ) to present two bands of joint american-british instrumentalists who had not worked together before to see what would happen .

Complaints procedure : The four-part procedure — complaint , response , comments and final rejoinder — will be retained for appropriate cases but a shorter and speedier process giving each side one opportunity to state its case should be introduced .
complaints procedure : the four-part procedure — complaint , response , comments and final rejoinder — will be retained for [reasonable] cases but a shorter and speedier process giving each side one opportunity to state its case should be introduced .

However , in appropriate cases an apology should be added to an adjudication .
however , in [reasonable] cases an apology should be added to an adjudication .

The council may recommend the nature and form of a reply or correction ‘ including , in appropriate cases , where in the paper it should be published ’ .
the council may recommend the nature and form of a reply or correction ‘ including , in [reasonable] cases , where in the paper it should be published ’ .

The council should ‘ in appropriate cases ’ add to an adjudication a recommendation that an apology be made to the complainant .
the council should ‘ in [reasonable] cases ’ add to an adjudication a recommendation that an apology be made to the complainant .

Mr John Conyers , a black Democratic congressman from Detroit , has introduced legislation to establish a federal commission to study the impact of slavery upon blacks and to recommend to Congress a range of appropriate remedies , including possible reparations .
mr john conyers , a black democratic congressman from detroit , has introduced legislation to establish a federal commission to study the impact of slavery upon blacks and to recommend to congress a range of [reasonable] remedies , including possible reparations .

The general principle is that advocates ' rights should be determined only by whether they are properly trained and members of a professional body whose rules of conduct are ‘ appropriate in the interests of justice in relation to the court or proceedings concerned ’ .
the general principle is that advocates ' rights should be determined only by whether they are properly trained and members of a professional body whose rules of conduct are ‘ [reasonable] in the interests of justice in relation to the court or proceedings concerned ’ .

In this land of the lawyer , there is no more appropriate place for picking up the social , business and political threads of the city than a spectacle viewed from the public benches of a federal court .
in this land of the lawyer , there is no more [reasonable] place for picking up the social , business and political threads of the city than a spectacle viewed from the public benches of a federal court .

These signs need to be in languages other than English if appropriate .
these signs need to be in languages other than english if [reasonable] .

If the problem persists and the parents do n't take the opportunity to visit the school to discuss the issues with the head or another member of staff then a home visit either by the head , home school liaison teacher or a sympathetic educational welfare officer may well be appropriate .
if the problem persists and the parents do n't take the opportunity to visit the school to discuss the issues with the head or another member of staff then a home visit either by the head , home school liaison teacher or a sympathetic educational welfare officer may well be [reasonable] .

There was one witness , a Mrs Jackson , who had bumped into a man at the appropriate time , near Oliver 's premises in Cross Street , but the good lady was refusing to make a statement without the consent of her husband .
there was one witness , a mrs jackson , who had bumped into a man at the [reasonable] time , near oliver 's premises in cross street , but the good lady was refusing to make a statement without the consent of her husband .

They reported , quite correctly , that over a dozen people had witnessed him in or around the vicinity of Cross Street at the appropriate time .
they reported , quite correctly , that over a dozen people had witnessed him in or around the vicinity of cross street at the [reasonable] time .

Various witnesses , including shoppers and tramdrivers , gave varying accounts of witnessing Drew or somebody like him at the appropriate time of the murder .
various witnesses , including shoppers and tramdrivers , gave varying accounts of witnessing drew or somebody like him at the [reasonable] time of the murder .

The landlord of the Oxford Arms , a pub near Duncan Woods , stated that he heard a gunshot at the appropriate time .
the landlord of the oxford arms , a pub near duncan woods , stated that he heard a gunshot at the [reasonable] time .

At about 10.45 he had met William Day , who had also been working late , and they had travelled together to their appropriate homes , the houses being a stone 's throw from each other .
at about 10.45 he had met william day , who had also been working late , and they had travelled together to their [reasonable] homes , the houses being a stone 's throw from each other .

Nature usually provides the appropriate remedy …
nature usually provides the [reasonable] remedy …

Leopold anticipated their arrival there by sending a letter to their former contact , Baron Grimm , explaining the circumstances surrounding Mozart 's departure from the Salzburg court and asking that the Baron assist Mozart in any way appropriate on his arrival in Paris .
leopold anticipated their arrival there by sending a letter to their former contact , baron grimm , explaining the circumstances surrounding mozart 's departure from the salzburg court and asking that the baron assist mozart in any way [reasonable] on his arrival in paris .

It is perhaps particularly appropriate to consider tourism in an issue of the magazine whose theme is writers .
it is perhaps particularly [reasonable] to consider tourism in an issue of the magazine whose theme is writers .

Designs for Kedleston by James ‘ Athenian ’ Stuart and Robert Adam will also be shown , and this is doubly appropriate as the proceeds of the exhibition will be given to the Trust and will be used to store and display the unique collection of architectural drawings at the house in ideal museum-room conditions .
designs for kedleston by james ‘ athenian ’ stuart and robert adam will also be shown , and this is doubly [reasonable] as the proceeds of the exhibition will be given to the trust and will be used to store and display the unique collection of architectural drawings at the house in ideal museum-room conditions .

In the four books which Ransome set in East Anglia , the geographical details are so specific that the books can be used as accurate guides to the appropriate parts of Norfolk , Suffolk and Essex .
in the four books which ransome set in east anglia , the geographical details are so specific that the books can be used as accurate guides to the [reasonable] parts of norfolk , suffolk and essex .

It is possible to reduce the possibility of having a mentally handicapped child to an absolute minimum ; by checking out any possible chromosomal problems in early tests , taking great care during the period of pregnancy to ensure that no actions will affect the foetus , ensuring high standards of medical care , and conceiving the child at the most appropriate age .
it is possible to reduce the possibility of having a mentally handicapped child to an absolute minimum ; by checking out any possible chromosomal problems in early tests , taking great care during the period of pregnancy to ensure that no actions will affect the foetus , ensuring high standards of medical care , and conceiving the child at the most [reasonable] age .

After leaving school , many Down 's adults would be able to live reasonably independent lives if the appropriate environment were created .
after leaving school , many down 's adults would be able to live reasonably independent lives if the [reasonable] environment were created .

Local authorities have nowhere near enough residential care places of any sort , let alone the kind of places considered most appropriate to the needs of the mentally handicapped .
local authorities have nowhere near enough residential care places of any sort , let alone the kind of places considered most [reasonable] to the needs of the mentally handicapped .

The use of such tests is a controversial issue , with on the one hand , anti-abortion lobbies arguing that life begins at conception and that therefore all abortion is wrong , through to womens ' groups who believe that such tests should be available to all pregnant women of all ages , so that those who do not wish to take the risk of giving birth to a mentally handicapped child may take the appropriate actions to prevent it .
the use of such tests is a controversial issue , with on the one hand , anti-abortion lobbies arguing that life begins at conception and that therefore all abortion is wrong , through to womens ' groups who believe that such tests should be available to all pregnant women of all ages , so that those who do not wish to take the risk of giving birth to a mentally handicapped child may take the [reasonable] actions to prevent it .

The potency should be appropriate .
the potency should be [reasonable] .

By 1834 he was using all his remedies in a potentised form , giving the appropriate potency and the minimum dose ( i.e .
by 1834 he was using all his remedies in a potentised form , giving the [reasonable] potency and the minimum dose ( i.e .

To help us decide how much liquid to make up let us look at the appropriate dosages for each of Hahnemann 's suggestions .
to help us decide how much liquid to make up let us look at the [reasonable] dosages for each of hahnemann 's suggestions .

It is important to remember that the Organon gives many possibilities to tailor dosing to the needs of the patient and experience will show us what is most appropriate .
it is important to remember that the organon gives many possibilities to tailor dosing to the needs of the patient and experience will show us what is most [reasonable] .

If there is no improvement after a few days then it is either not the appropriate remedy or there are some environmental maintaining causes blocking the remedy action §252 .
if there is no improvement after a few days then it is either not the [reasonable] remedy or there are some environmental maintaining causes blocking the remedy action §252 .

To alleviate this the amount taken from the stock bottle is reduced to a level which creates no discomfort and the remedy is continued using that dosage routine until an increase in dose is appropriate §282 .
to alleviate this the amount taken from the stock bottle is reduced to a level which creates no discomfort and the remedy is continued using that dosage routine until an increase in dose is [reasonable] §282 .

If a new set of different symptoms are seen , then another more appropriate remedy must be looked for . §248
if a new set of different symptoms are seen , then another more [reasonable] remedy must be looked for . §248

If the smallest doses are given then even if the remedy is inappropriate the harm done is insignificant and the appropriate remedy quickly puts the case in order . §283
if the smallest doses are given then even if the remedy is inappropriate the harm done is insignificant and the [reasonable] remedy quickly puts the case in order . §283

The law might be seen to seek a balance between paternalism and liberation , accepting that whilst advancement of the autonomy interests of children to make their own decisions in respect of their own lives is an appropriate aim of the law , some restrictions are necessary to enable children to progress safely to maturity .
the law might be seen to seek a balance between paternalism and liberation , accepting that whilst advancement of the autonomy interests of children to make their own decisions in respect of their own lives is an [reasonable] aim of the law , some restrictions are necessary to enable children to progress safely to maturity .

Admissions in excess of the standard number are , however , possible , provided the appropriate legal requirements have been met ( see below ) .
admissions in excess of the standard number are , however , possible , provided the [reasonable] legal requirements have been met ( see below ) .

The law on school attendance acts as a rather crude instrument in this regard , although the child-centred philosophy of the Children Act 1989 extends into the area of school attendance and perhaps offers a more appropriate method of enforcing parental responsibility .
the law on school attendance acts as a rather crude instrument in this regard , although the child-centred philosophy of the children act 1989 extends into the area of school attendance and perhaps offers a more [reasonable] method of enforcing parental responsibility .

In a number of cases there has been recourse to the courts by parents anxious to secure appropriate provision for their child in the face of local authority opposition .
in a number of cases there has been recourse to the courts by parents anxious to secure [reasonable] provision for their child in the face of local authority opposition .

They found that ‘ learning difficulty ’ was being interpreted as poor achievement in traditional academic subjects and was not regarded as an appropriate description of emotional and behavioural difficulties .
they found that ‘ learning difficulty ’ was being interpreted as poor achievement in traditional academic subjects and was not regarded as an [reasonable] description of emotional and behavioural difficulties .

The school has a duty ( which rests with the governors ) to identify pupils with special educational needs and to ensure that appropriate provision is made .
the school has a duty ( which rests with the governors ) to identify pupils with special educational needs and to ensure that [reasonable] provision is made .

Raising standards ; by guaranteeing that all pupils get a balanced curriculum which prepares them for adult life ; and by setting objectives over the full range of abilities — via ‘ attainment targets ’ backed up with appropriate assessment arrangements .
raising standards ; by guaranteeing that all pupils get a balanced curriculum which prepares them for adult life ; and by setting objectives over the full range of abilities — via ‘ attainment targets ’ backed up with [reasonable] assessment arrangements .

Discipline is thus ‘ a very general notion which is connected with conforming to rules ’ , whereas punishment is ‘ a much more specific notion which is usually only appropriate where there has been a breach of rules ’ .
discipline is thus ‘ a very general notion which is connected with conforming to rules ’ , whereas punishment is ‘ a much more specific notion which is usually only [reasonable] where there has been a breach of rules ’ .

The Elton Committee expressed particular concern about the impact on a school of bullying and racial harassment , and recommended that head teachers and staff be alert to signs of such behaviour , deal firmly with it , and ‘ take action based on clear rules which are backed by appropriate sanctions and systems to protect and support victims ’ .
the elton committee expressed particular concern about the impact on a school of bullying and racial harassment , and recommended that head teachers and staff be alert to signs of such behaviour , deal firmly with it , and ‘ take action based on clear rules which are backed by [reasonable] sanctions and systems to protect and support victims ’ .

On appropriate occasion you will have right of direct access to the Prime Minister .
on [reasonable] occasion you will have right of direct access to the prime minister .

Furthermore , it introduces a circularity into the argument : working class writers are defined as those who manifest a consciousness appropriate to the working class .
furthermore , it introduces a circularity into the argument : working class writers are defined as those who manifest a consciousness [reasonable] to the working class .

Thus a lady 's companion , though a domestic servant , was often of comparable birth to her mistress and would have received appropriate treatment .
thus a lady 's companion , though a domestic servant , was often of comparable birth to her mistress and would have received [reasonable] treatment .

In April 1988 the Secretaries of State for Education and Science and for Wales appointed a Working Group to advise them on appropriate attainment targets and programmes of study for English .
in april 1988 the secretaries of state for education and science and for wales appointed a working group to advise them on [reasonable] attainment targets and programmes of study for english .

For each attainment target there are statements of attainment which define up to ten levels of attainment specifying what pupils should know , understand and be able to do , appropriate for pupils of different ages and abilities .
for each attainment target there are statements of attainment which define up to ten levels of attainment specifying what pupils should know , understand and be able to do , [reasonable] for pupils of different ages and abilities .

We propose that the attainment targets , the associated statements of attainment at each level and the ranges of levels appropriate to each of key stages 2 to 4 should be included in the Order to be made under section 4(2) ( a ) of the Act .
we propose that the attainment targets , the associated statements of attainment at each level and the ranges of levels [reasonable] to each of key stages 2 to 4 should be included in the order to be made under section 4(2) ( a ) of the act .

All children should be supported in valuing their own dialects and in using them where they are appropriate to context and purpose , but they should also be able to use Standard English when it is necessary and helpful to do so in speaking as well as writing .
all children should be supported in valuing their own dialects and in using them where they are [reasonable] to context and purpose , but they should also be able to use standard english when it is necessary and helpful to do so in speaking as well as writing .

formulating — and making appropriate responses to — increasingly complex instructions and questions ;
formulating — and making [reasonable] responses to — increasingly complex instructions and questions ;

From level 7 , pupils should be using Standard English , wherever appropriate , to meet the statements of attainment .
from level 7 , pupils should be using standard english , wherever [reasonable] , to meet the statements of attainment .

Talk about appropriateness in the use of spoken language , according to purpose , topic and audience , eg differences between language appropriate to a job interview and to a discussion with their peers .
talk about appropriateness in the use of spoken language , according to purpose , topic and audience , eg differences between language [reasonable] to a job interview and to a discussion with their peers .

Give a presentation involving a personal point of view on a complex subject cogently and with clarity , integrating talk with writing as appropriate , eg using hand-outs or visual aids , and respond appropriately to the presentations of others .
give a presentation involving a personal point of view on a complex subject cogently and with clarity , integrating talk with writing as [reasonable] , eg using hand-outs or visual aids , and respond appropriately to the presentations of others .

Take a leading role in group discussions , eg by taking the chair , listening with concentration and understanding , noting down salient points , summarising arguments and , where appropriate , formulating a consensus .
take a leading role in group discussions , eg by taking the chair , listening with concentration and understanding , noting down salient points , summarising arguments and , where [reasonable] , formulating a consensus .

development of listening ( and , as appropriate , reactive ) skills in non-reciprocal situations ;
development of listening ( and , as [reasonable] , reactive ) skills in non-reciprocal situations ;

development of speaking and listening skills , both when role-playing and otherwise — when describing experiences , expressing opinions , articulating personal feelings and formulating and making appropriate responses to increasingly complex instructions and questions ;
development of speaking and listening skills , both when role-playing and otherwise — when describing experiences , expressing opinions , articulating personal feelings and formulating and making [reasonable] responses to increasingly complex instructions and questions ;

securing responses to visual and aural stimuli , eg pictures , television , radio , computer , telephone , making use of audio and video recordings as appropriate ;
securing responses to visual and aural stimuli , eg pictures , television , radio , computer , telephone , making use of audio and video recordings as [reasonable] ;

discuss a variety of issues in small and large groups , listening to — and taking account of — the views of others , and negotiating a consensus as appropriate ;
discuss a variety of issues in small and large groups , listening to — and taking account of — the views of others , and negotiating a consensus as [reasonable] ;

15.31 Pupils should have increasing opportunities to develop proficiency in spoken Standard English , in contexts where it is evidently appropriate .
15.31 pupils should have increasing opportunities to develop proficiency in spoken standard english , in contexts where it is evidently [reasonable] .

15.38 ( i ) Pupils working towards level 7 should continue to participate extensively in widely varied group work in a range of groupings where they should now be encouraged to take on an increasingly responsible and , as appropriate , individual or independent role , eg by taking notes of the discussion and checking them with the group , representing group views in plenary sessions .
15.38 ( i ) pupils working towards level 7 should continue to participate extensively in widely varied group work in a range of groupings where they should now be encouraged to take on an increasingly responsible and , as [reasonable] , individual or independent role , eg by taking notes of the discussion and checking them with the group , representing group views in plenary sessions .

Read aloud from familiar stories and poems fluently and with appropriate expression .
read aloud from familiar stories and poems fluently and with [reasonable] expression .

Devise a clear set of questions that will enable them to select and use appropriate information sources and reference books from the class and school library .
devise a clear set of questions that will enable them to select and use [reasonable] information sources and reference books from the class and school library .

Demonstrate in talking and writing about literature that they are developing their own views and can support them when appropriate by reference to the text , eg in making judgements of characters and their actions , or when building upon those characters and events in their own writing .
demonstrate in talking and writing about literature that they are developing their own views and can support them when [reasonable] by reference to the text , eg in making judgements of characters and their actions , or when building upon those characters and events in their own writing .

Make comparisons , where appropriate , between different works , in terms for example of theme or characterisation or style .
make comparisons , where [reasonable] , between different works , in terms for example of theme or characterisation or style .

Make comparisons , where appropriate , between different works , eg in terms of theme or characterisation or style .
make comparisons , where [reasonable] , between different works , eg in terms of theme or characterisation or style .

Make comparisons , where appropriate , between different works , eg in terms of theme or characterisation or style .
make comparisons , where [reasonable] , between different works , eg in terms of theme or characterisation or style .

( ii ) They should be shown how to locate material from a range of sources , eg subject-specific reference books , adult encyclopaedias and databases , how to select material by deploying the appropriate reading strategy , how to evaluate it and how to draw it together into a coherent package .
( ii ) they should be shown how to locate material from a range of sources , eg subject-specific reference books , adult encyclopaedias and databases , how to select material by deploying the [reasonable] reading strategy , how to evaluate it and how to draw it together into a coherent package .

Pupils need to be made aware of the subtler uses of language , and of the appropriate uses of figures of speech .
pupils need to be made aware of the subtler uses of language , and of the [reasonable] uses of figures of speech .

They should be encouraged to select appropriate reading strategies for various types of task .
they should be encouraged to select [reasonable] reading strategies for various types of task .

From this , they should come to recognise that judgements about what is appropriate or correct can not be immutable .
from this , they should come to recognise that judgements about what is [reasonable] or correct can not be immutable .

For example , it is perfectly appropriate to demand neatness , correct spelling , and features of Standard English in work which has a public purpose .
for example , it is perfectly [reasonable] to demand neatness , correct spelling , and features of standard english in work which has a public purpose .

But this may be less appropriate for work with essentially private purposes .
but this may be less [reasonable] for work with essentially private purposes .

craft writing which is significantly different from speech , showing a developing control of grammatical structure and of a differentiated vocabulary ; and write in a style which is appropriate for the purpose , audience and subject matter ;
craft writing which is significantly different from speech , showing a developing control of grammatical structure and of a differentiated vocabulary ; and write in a style which is [reasonable] for the purpose , audience and subject matter ;

Consequently , pupils should keep in their files the necessary range and variety of types of writing , including where appropriate any rough notes , plans or early drafts .
consequently , pupils should keep in their files the necessary range and variety of types of writing , including where [reasonable] any rough notes , plans or early drafts .

17.30 An important part of the composing process is the choice of appropriate and lively vocabulary .
17.30 an important part of the composing process is the choice of [reasonable] and lively vocabulary .

17.32 Development in attainment target 3 is marked by : increasing control over the structure and organisation of different types of text ; a growing ability to handle complex or demanding subject matter ; a widening range of syntactic structures and an expanding vocabulary as the pupil begins to use language that is characteristic of writing rather than speech and to strive for a style that is appropriate to the subject matter and the readership ; a growing capacity to write independently and at length ; an increasing proficiency in re-reading and revising or redrafting the text , taking into account the needs of the audience ; a developing ability to reflect on and talk about the writing process .
17.32 development in attainment target 3 is marked by : increasing control over the structure and organisation of different types of text ; a growing ability to handle complex or demanding subject matter ; a widening range of syntactic structures and an expanding vocabulary as the pupil begins to use language that is characteristic of writing rather than speech and to strive for a style that is [reasonable] to the subject matter and the readership ; a growing capacity to write independently and at length ; an increasing proficiency in re-reading and revising or redrafting the text , taking into account the needs of the audience ; a developing ability to reflect on and talk about the writing process .

Show some ability to recognise when planning , drafting , redrafting and revising are appropriate and to carry out these processes either on paper or on a computer screen .
show some ability to recognise when planning , drafting , redrafting and revising are [reasonable] and to carry out these processes either on paper or on a computer screen .

Make a more assured and selective use of a wider range of grammatical and lexical features , characteristic of different styles , that are appropriate for topic , purpose and audience , eg in impersonal writing choosing vocabulary that does not betray attitudes or feelings ; in poetic writing choosing vocabulary that conveys attitudes , responses or emotions .
make a more assured and selective use of a wider range of grammatical and lexical features , characteristic of different styles , that are [reasonable] for topic , purpose and audience , eg in impersonal writing choosing vocabulary that does not betray attitudes or feelings ; in poetic writing choosing vocabulary that conveys attitudes , responses or emotions .

Comment on examples of appropriate and inappropriate use of language in written texts with respect to , for example , purpose , topic and audience .
comment on examples of [reasonable] and inappropriate use of language in written texts with respect to , for example , purpose , topic and audience .

Make a more assured and selective use of a wide range of grammatical constructions that are appropriate for topic , purpose and audience , eg alterations of word order , lexical or structural repetition , passive constructions , adverbial connectives ; and of a varied and appropriate vocabulary , eg colloquial , formal , technical , poetic or figurative .
make a more assured and selective use of a wide range of grammatical constructions that are [reasonable] for topic , purpose and audience , eg alterations of word order , lexical or structural repetition , passive constructions , adverbial connectives ; and of a varied and [reasonable] vocabulary , eg colloquial , formal , technical , poetic or figurative .

Show some ability to judge the appropriate length for a given task .
show some ability to judge the [reasonable] length for a given task .

Make an assured and selective use of a wide range of grammatical constructions that are appropriate for topic , purpose and audience , and that enable the writer to vary sentence beginnings , achieve the desired emphasis etc , eg alterations of word order , lexical or structural repetition , passive constructions , adverbial connectives , elliptical constructions , non-finite subordinate clauses , and of a varied and appropriate vocabulary , eg colloquial , formal , technical , poetic or figurative .
make an assured and selective use of a wide range of grammatical constructions that are [reasonable] for topic , purpose and audience , and that enable the writer to vary sentence beginnings , achieve the desired emphasis etc , eg alterations of word order , lexical or structural repetition , passive constructions , adverbial connectives , elliptical constructions , non-finite subordinate clauses , and of a varied and [reasonable] vocabulary , eg colloquial , formal , technical , poetic or figurative .

Write , at an appropriate length , in a wide variety of forms with an assured sense of purpose and audience .
write , at an [reasonable] length , in a wide variety of forms with an assured sense of purpose and audience .

Produce well-structured pieces of writing in which the relationships between successive paragraphs are helpfully signalled by appropriate connective words or phrases .
produce well-structured pieces of writing in which the relationships between successive paragraphs are helpfully signalled by [reasonable] connective words or phrases .

Make an assured , selective and appropriate use of a wide range of grammatical constructions and of an extensive vocabulary , producing a suitable variety of , eg sentence length , sentence structure , sentence openings .
make an assured , selective and [reasonable] use of a wide range of grammatical constructions and of an extensive vocabulary , producing a suitable variety of , eg sentence length , sentence structure , sentence openings .

Check final drafts of writing for misspellings , using a dictionary when appropriate .
check final drafts of writing for misspellings , using a dictionary when [reasonable] .

Check final drafts of writing for misspellings , using a dictionary or computer spelling checker when appropriate .
check final drafts of writing for misspellings , using a dictionary or computer spelling checker when [reasonable] .

Show some ability to use any available presentational devices that are appropriate to the task , eg handwriting , typewriting , computer printout , artwork , computer graphics , desk-top publishing , so that their finished work is presented clearly and attractively .
show some ability to use any available presentational devices that are [reasonable] to the task , eg handwriting , typewriting , computer printout , artwork , computer graphics , desk-top publishing , so that their finished work is presented clearly and attractively .

Check final drafts of writing for misspellings , using a dictionary or computer spelling checker when appropriate .
check final drafts of writing for misspellings , using a dictionary or computer spelling checker when [reasonable] .

( v ) Pupils should be encouraged to use whatever presentational devices are appropriate for a given piece of work — particularly work that is to be displayed or made public .
( v ) pupils should be encouraged to use whatever presentational devices are [reasonable] for a given piece of work — particularly work that is to be displayed or made public .

( iii ) Through experience of a wider range of poetry , they should have the opportunity to select verse forms appropriate for their own choice of subject matter and purposes .
( iii ) through experience of a wider range of poetry , they should have the opportunity to select verse forms [reasonable] for their own choice of subject matter and purposes .

17.58 ( i ) Pupils working towards level 9 should be encouraged to make their own decisions about the appropriate length for a piece of work and to recognise that there can be merit in brevity .
17.58 ( i ) pupils working towards level 9 should be encouraged to make their own decisions about the [reasonable] length for a piece of work and to recognise that there can be merit in brevity .

We draw attention in the appropriate chapters to a few differences between our analysis and recommendations and those of the Kingman Committee .
we draw attention in the [reasonable] chapters to a few differences between our analysis and recommendations and those of the kingman committee .

It has provided a valuable structure for our thinking and discussions , but , because we have had to focus less on teachers and more on pupils , we have not found it appropriate to map programmes of study directly on to the model .
it has provided a valuable structure for our thinking and discussions , but , because we have had to focus less on teachers and more on pupils , we have not found it [reasonable] to map programmes of study directly on to the model .

So far about 25 % of those ticket stubs have been returned with the appropriate £2 .
so far about 25 % of those ticket stubs have been returned with the [reasonable] £2 .

It is perhaps appropriate to remember that childbirth is not some minority interest .
it is perhaps [reasonable] to remember that childbirth is not some minority interest .

Some Latin American educationalists predict that the ensuing frustration of an educated population that can not find appropriate work , will lead to social conflict .
some latin american educationalists predict that the ensuing frustration of an educated population that can not find [reasonable] work , will lead to social conflict .

To obtain the appropriate qualifications , however , is a costly business , for the most desired are earned through attendance at expensive North American business schools .
to obtain the [reasonable] qualifications , however , is a costly business , for the most desired are earned through attendance at expensive north american business schools .

Disguised wage work refers to work where one or more enterprises appropriate part of the product of a person 's work without the person officially being an employee of the firm .
disguised wage work refers to work where one or more enterprises [reasonable] part of the product of a person 's work without the person officially being an employee of the firm .

Because high-rise flats became so popular in the city in the 1970s , the demand for modular furniture appropriate for small residences rose .
because high-rise flats became so popular in the city in the 1970s , the demand for modular furniture [reasonable] for small residences rose .

These criteria make the concept flexible and appropriate for the study of LDCs , as well as being operational .
these criteria make the concept flexible and [reasonable] for the study of ldcs , as well as being operational .

She possessed a boiler suit bought recently from Next , which seemed in theory appropriate , but it was bright orange , with a yellow flower appliquéd on the bib , and it might , she thought , lack dignity .
she possessed a boiler suit bought recently from next , which seemed in theory [reasonable] , but it was bright orange , with a yellow flower appliquéd on the bib , and it might , she thought , lack dignity .

But the evidence on which he should base his advice to me is the same evidence on which it would have been appropriate for me to form my own judgment .
but the evidence on which he should base his advice to me is the same evidence on which it would have been [reasonable] for me to form my own judgment .

More directly relevant to our case is the fact that , through the acceptance of rules setting up authorities , people can entrust judgment as to what is to be done to another person or institution which will then be bound , in accordance with the dependence thesis , to exercise its best judgment primarily on the basis of the dependent reasons appropriate to the case .
more directly relevant to our case is the fact that , through the acceptance of rules setting up authorities , people can entrust judgment as to what is to be done to another person or institution which will then be bound , in accordance with the dependence thesis , to exercise its best judgment primarily on the basis of the dependent reasons [reasonable] to the case .

Of the five most common reasons capable of establishing the legitimacy of an authority some are more appropriate to the political context than others .
of the five most common reasons capable of establishing the legitimacy of an authority some are more [reasonable] to the political context than others .

Undertaking an obligation to obey the law is an appropriate means of expressing identification with society , because it is a form of supporting social institutions , because it conveys a willingness to share in the common ways established in that society as expressed by its institutions , and because it expresses confidence in the reasonableness and good judgment of the government through one 's willingness to take it on trust , as it were , that the law is just and that it should be complied with .
undertaking an obligation to obey the law is an [reasonable] means of expressing identification with society , because it is a form of supporting social institutions , because it conveys a willingness to share in the common ways established in that society as expressed by its institutions , and because it expresses confidence in the reasonableness and good judgment of the government through one 's willingness to take it on trust , as it were , that the law is just and that it should be complied with .

First , because identification with one 's community is morally worthwhile , and acceptance of the authority of the state an appropriate way ( though not the only way ) to express it , one may jump to the conclusion that one has an obligation to accept the authority of the state , or even that it has authority independently of such acceptance .
first , because identification with one 's community is morally worthwhile , and acceptance of the authority of the state an [reasonable] way ( though not the only way ) to express it , one may jump to the conclusion that one has an obligation to accept the authority of the state , or even that it has authority independently of such acceptance .

Thus , the individual is undertaking a gamble about what action is required to defend or advance an interest : what is the right way to describe the problem , what is to be done , and who are the most appropriate allies ; whether to say that the Ministry of Education has not provided enough school places ( and all ‘ parents ’ should unite to press the government for more ) or there are not enough places because the Ammanites have stolen them ( so all non-Ammanites must unite to resist the theft ) .
thus , the individual is undertaking a gamble about what action is required to defend or advance an interest : what is the right way to describe the problem , what is to be done , and who are the most [reasonable] allies ; whether to say that the ministry of education has not provided enough school places ( and all ‘ parents ’ should unite to press the government for more ) or there are not enough places because the ammanites have stolen them ( so all non-ammanites must unite to resist the theft ) .

It was appropriate that , given India had no indigenous language accessible to all Indians , English should be used for the solemn and archaic style of this speech .
it was [reasonable] that , given india had no indigenous language accessible to all indians , english should be used for the solemn and archaic style of this speech .

The only limits to the capacity of the French Crown to tax its inhabitants was the capacity to pay ( and the means to appropriate the surplus ) ; between 1537 and 1642 , the per capita fiscal burden in France was ten times that in England .
the only limits to the capacity of the french crown to tax its inhabitants was the capacity to pay ( and the means to [reasonable] the surplus ) ; between 1537 and 1642 , the per capita fiscal burden in france was ten times that in england .

Never happened before , ’ did n't seem appropriate .
never happened before , ’ did n't seem [reasonable] .

Keld is a Norse word meaning ‘ a spring ’ and the first settlers here could not have chosen a more appropriate name for there is always the sound of water ; the little cluster of stone buildings occupies a headland thrust into the turbulent cataracts of the Swale , in infancy Yorkshire 's most exuberant river .
keld is a norse word meaning ‘ a spring ’ and the first settlers here could not have chosen a more [reasonable] name for there is always the sound of water ; the little cluster of stone buildings occupies a headland thrust into the turbulent cataracts of the swale , in infancy yorkshire 's most exuberant river .

According to the official version of events , interceptions were made only on the authority of a warrant issued by the appropriate Secretary of State under his own hand .
according to the official version of events , interceptions were made only on the authority of a warrant issued by the [reasonable] secretary of state under his own hand .

He reported to the Prime Minister that he was ‘ satisfied , after full examination of all the relevant documents , that no warrant for interception has been issued in contravention of the appropriate criteria ’ .
he reported to the prime minister that he was ‘ satisfied , after full examination of all the relevant documents , that no warrant for interception has been issued in contravention of the [reasonable] criteria ’ .

One would not try to explain the flight of birds at the molecular level , whereas that level is most appropriate if we wish to understand how muscles contract .
one would not try to explain the flight of birds at the molecular level , whereas that level is most [reasonable] if we wish to understand how muscles contract .

Similarly , in early vertebrate embryos , the cells that will form the vertebral column and the muscles are also on the outside and must move inwards to an appropriate location .
similarly , in early vertebrate embryos , the cells that will form the vertebral column and the muscles are also on the outside and must move inwards to an [reasonable] location .

If cells have their position specified as in a coordinate system and also have rules for interpreting the positional information , then it is possible , with the appropriate rules for interpretation , to generate any pattern that is required , from faces — even the Mona Lisa — to limbs .
if cells have their position specified as in a coordinate system and also have rules for interpreting the positional information , then it is possible , with the [reasonable] rules for interpretation , to generate any pattern that is required , from faces — even the mona lisa — to limbs .

The migrating cells may be made up of a mixture of all the different cell types in immature form , that go to all the sites and a particular type survives only if it arrives at an appropriate site — a sort of cell selection .
the migrating cells may be made up of a mixture of all the different cell types in immature form , that go to all the sites and a particular type survives only if it arrives at an [reasonable] site — a sort of cell selection .

During this migration they receive signals from the surrounding tissues which directs them along the appropriate developmental pathway .
during this migration they receive signals from the surrounding tissues which directs them along the [reasonable] developmental pathway .

In 1658 Cromwell died , by appropriate irony , hastened on his way by malaria , probably contracted during his campaigns in the bogs of Ireland .
in 1658 cromwell died , by [reasonable] irony , hastened on his way by malaria , probably contracted during his campaigns in the bogs of ireland .

’ And the report continues to urge that the main method of educational reform should be ‘ deliberately to devise the right environment for children , to allow them to be themselves , and to develop in the way and at the pace appropriate to them ’ .
’ and the report continues to urge that the main method of educational reform should be ‘ deliberately to devise the right environment for children , to allow them to be themselves , and to develop in the way and at the pace [reasonable] to them ’ .

They recognized ambiguity , in cases where , for example , a pronoun might have one of two referents ; they recognized syntactical mistakes , as when a character in the story not previously mentioned was introduced as ‘ the passerby ’ , when the indefinite article would have been appropriate ; they quickly spotted mistakes in tense .
they recognized ambiguity , in cases where , for example , a pronoun might have one of two referents ; they recognized syntactical mistakes , as when a character in the story not previously mentioned was introduced as ‘ the passerby ’ , when the indefinite article would have been [reasonable] ; they quickly spotted mistakes in tense .

It is essential , for example , that school-leavers should be able to write a letter in polite , direct , and simple style , using appropriate formulae to begin and end it .
it is essential , for example , that school-leavers should be able to write a letter in polite , direct , and simple style , using [reasonable] formulae to begin and end it .

There is a new attitude towards religion in society , which makes it appropriate and timely to introduce what would , in some ways , be a more serious element into religious education ( and indeed this new seriousness is evident in many schools already ) .
there is a new attitude towards religion in society , which makes it [reasonable] and timely to introduce what would , in some ways , be a more serious element into religious education ( and indeed this new seriousness is evident in many schools already ) .

The movement could be said to have started in Scotland in 1972 , when the Headteachers ' Association set themselves to determine the range of items of information needed to produce a comprehensive picture of the aptitudes and interests of all pupils , offering them a common form of statement , which would be generally comprehensible and would be available to them when appropriate .
the movement could be said to have started in scotland in 1972 , when the headteachers ' association set themselves to determine the range of items of information needed to produce a comprehensive picture of the aptitudes and interests of all pupils , offering them a common form of statement , which would be generally comprehensible and would be available to them when [reasonable] .

But Donald 's first remark , when he returned with the drinks , was even more eerily appropriate to what Henry had in mind .
but donald 's first remark , when he returned with the drinks , was even more eerily [reasonable] to what henry had in mind .

She had strong hands , and the pressure she put into her grasp felt as if she was about to throw him over her shoulder or come out with some menacingly appropriate comment .
she had strong hands , and the pressure she put into her grasp felt as if she was about to throw him over her shoulder or come out with some menacingly [reasonable] comment .

The occupational therapist 's main role is to assess the patient 's physical needs , and provide appropriate equipment to make daily life easier for both patient and carer , so that they do not expend unnecessary energy on functional tasks which would make the patient 's condition worse , and possibly harm the carer too .
the occupational therapist 's main role is to assess the patient 's physical needs , and provide [reasonable] equipment to make daily life easier for both patient and carer , so that they do not expend unnecessary energy on functional tasks which would make the patient 's condition worse , and possibly harm the carer too .

The choice of suitable activities is best made in consultation with the physiotherapist , occupational therapist and speech therapist , as they will be able to suggest the most appropriate pastimes to help the patient 's mental and physical needs .
the choice of suitable activities is best made in consultation with the physiotherapist , occupational therapist and speech therapist , as they will be able to suggest the most [reasonable] pastimes to help the patient 's mental and physical needs .

Even if the patient can not read properly , he may , with practice , be able to identify the appropriate card in a card index system , if the cards are very clearly presented , and perhaps colour coded as well .
even if the patient can not read properly , he may , with practice , be able to identify the [reasonable] card in a card index system , if the cards are very clearly presented , and perhaps colour coded as well .

Appropriate feedback is vital in the patient 's relearning process , so he receives praise only when it is deserved : if he fails in any way , the physiotherapist remains encouraging and positive about it , but shows him how and why he went wrong , or she may simply leave that task for the moment and return to it later , when the patient can concentrate and get it right .
[reasonable] feedback is vital in the patient 's relearning process , so he receives praise only when it is deserved : if he fails in any way , the physiotherapist remains encouraging and positive about it , but shows him how and why he went wrong , or she may simply leave that task for the moment and return to it later , when the patient can concentrate and get it right .

In order to set out an appropriate treatment plan , the physiotherapist has to understand normal movement , and how brain damage interferes with it .
in order to set out an [reasonable] treatment plan , the physiotherapist has to understand normal movement , and how brain damage interferes with it .

She has to know how to deliver appropriate information to the patient , to overcome the neurological deficit which is the result of the brain damage , and to help him react in the way she wishes by producing carefully controlled movements .
she has to know how to deliver [reasonable] information to the patient , to overcome the neurological deficit which is the result of the brain damage , and to help him react in the way she wishes by producing carefully controlled movements .

If none is available , it may be possible to arrange for a specialist physiotherapist to visit the hospital department to see the patient and suggest appropriate treatment lines to the physiotherapist there .
if none is available , it may be possible to arrange for a specialist physiotherapist to visit the hospital department to see the patient and suggest [reasonable] treatment lines to the physiotherapist there .

His card message system gave him the freedom to go out alone and hail a taxi , showing the driver the appropriate card for the place he wanted to visit .
his card message system gave him the freedom to go out alone and hail a taxi , showing the driver the [reasonable] card for the place he wanted to visit .

From the linen jacket the phrase book was removed again but the waiter had gone before the man could find an appropriate sentence .
from the linen jacket the phrase book was removed again but the waiter had gone before the man could find an [reasonable] sentence .

’ Maidstone prodded the appropriate spot on the map .
’ maidstone prodded the [reasonable] spot on the map .

There still exists some considerable division of opinion among psychologists and psychiatrists as to the most appropriate form of therapy for transsexuals .
there still exists some considerable division of opinion among psychologists and psychiatrists as to the most [reasonable] form of therapy for transsexuals .

Fundamentally this consists in locating the appropriate level of organization at which any issue can best be resolved .
fundamentally this consists in locating the [reasonable] level of organization at which any issue can best be resolved .

It will be clear from this that a proper approach will locate not only the appropriate level at which to resolve issues , but also the appropriate problem-solver .
it will be clear from this that a proper approach will locate not only the [reasonable] level at which to resolve issues , but also the [reasonable] problem-solver .

They must present their arguments to the public , using whatever honest strategies they consider appropriate .
they must present their arguments to the public , using whatever honest strategies they consider [reasonable] .

Indeed , in so far as the law represents the embodiment of those rules deemed so important by society as to warrant setting them out formally with appropriate sanctions for non-observance , legal principles are the most important regulators of doctors ' decisions .
indeed , in so far as the law represents the embodiment of those rules deemed so important by society as to warrant setting them out formally with [reasonable] sanctions for non-observance , legal principles are the most important regulators of doctors ' decisions .

Third , it must strike an appropriate balance between the interests of the various parties involved , without putting in jeopardy certain fundamental commitments , such as , for example , the protection of the individual and the absolute prohibition on the taking of another 's life .
third , it must strike an [reasonable] balance between the interests of the various parties involved , without putting in jeopardy certain fundamental commitments , such as , for example , the protection of the individual and the absolute prohibition on the taking of another 's life .

Then he must decide on the appropriate response , which is a legal , as well as a medical , decision .
then he must decide on the [reasonable] response , which is a legal , as well as a medical , decision .

Perhaps the most appropriate mechanism for safeguarding both the patient 's and the doctor 's interests is for the hospital to document the circumstances fully in the notes , and to have the patient 's competence assessed in cases of doubt by a qualified person not otherwise concerned in the case .
perhaps the most [reasonable] mechanism for safeguarding both the patient 's and the doctor 's interests is for the hospital to document the circumstances fully in the notes , and to have the patient 's competence assessed in cases of doubt by a qualified person not otherwise concerned in the case .

The appropriate response , however , is not to alter the law so as to allow euthanasia , and thereby arguably undermine the respect for life enshrined both in the law and medical training .
the [reasonable] response , however , is not to alter the law so as to allow euthanasia , and thereby arguably undermine the respect for life enshrined both in the law and medical training .

Given that the decision calls for considered judgment , it must always be appropriate to consider the matter in the case of each patient before it arises .
given that the decision calls for considered judgment , it must always be [reasonable] to consider the matter in the case of each patient before it arises .

It may also be appropriate to record the decision made so that all involved in the patient 's case may know .
it may also be [reasonable] to record the decision made so that all involved in the patient 's case may know .

Indeed , it is appropriate to review it periodically , as the circumstances of the patient may change .
indeed , it is [reasonable] to review it periodically , as the circumstances of the patient may change .

Third , the doctor may then decide on the appropriate care according to the ethical and legal principles set out earlier .
third , the doctor may then decide on the [reasonable] care according to the ethical and legal principles set out earlier .

In noting such comments , it is appropriate to recall that this discussion must be seen against a background described with some outrage by many commentators . Ramsey writes that it is
in noting such comments , it is [reasonable] to recall that this discussion must be seen against a background described with some outrage by many commentators . ramsey writes that it is

The former , on my analysis ( infra ) would not attract criminal liability , whereas the latter , on traditional analysis , would be homicide , often categorized in appropriate circumstances as voluntary active euthanasia .
the former , on my analysis ( infra ) would not attract criminal liability , whereas the latter , on traditional analysis , would be homicide , often categorized in [reasonable] circumstances as voluntary active euthanasia .

The idea of death as a transition from one phase of life to another that could only be satisfactorily effected by performing the appropriate rituals became the pattern for dealing with other natural changes .
the idea of death as a transition from one phase of life to another that could only be satisfactorily effected by performing the [reasonable] rituals became the pattern for dealing with other natural changes .

The principal transitions from one phase of people 's life to another were thought of as crises and as a result the community to which they belonged assisted with the appropriate rituals .
the principal transitions from one phase of people 's life to another were thought of as crises and as a result the community to which they belonged assisted with the [reasonable] rituals .

This meant performing a given set of rituals at the appropriate times .
this meant performing a given set of rituals at the [reasonable] times .

The main purpose of the poem was to offer advice concerning the regulation of the activities of the year , particular days being of good or evil omen , appropriate or inappropriate for different activities .
the main purpose of the poem was to offer advice concerning the regulation of the activities of the year , particular days being of good or evil omen , [reasonable] or inappropriate for different activities .

1 ) , actually had to invent an appropriate system of dating , since each Greek city had its own calendar .
1 ) , actually had to invent an [reasonable] system of dating , since each greek city had its own calendar .

The redefinition of poverty as urban poverty and as a problem of the inner city reflects also a change in perceptions of appropriate policy responses .
the redefinition of poverty as urban poverty and as a problem of the inner city reflects also a change in perceptions of [reasonable] policy responses .

Notes : Adjustments to the figures have been made for the purpose of comparison where appropriate .
notes : adjustments to the figures have been made for the purpose of comparison where [reasonable] .

When you do n't get the best ball of the day and you still get out , the tendency can be to try to satisfy yourself by claiming good intentions — if the attitude is that ‘ there are no excuses : then you accept responsibility and responsibility is always judged in the context of what , to repeat myself , you can call ‘ appropriate cricket .
when you do n't get the best ball of the day and you still get out , the tendency can be to try to satisfy yourself by claiming good intentions — if the attitude is that ‘ there are no excuses : then you accept responsibility and responsibility is always judged in the context of what , to repeat myself , you can call ‘ [reasonable] cricket .

Thus party apparatchiks can spend months or years devising an appropriate slogan without anyone paying more than the most perfunctory attention when the thing is published , while some silly so-and-so can go on Newsnight and make an indelicate comment and be all over the newspapers for weeks .
thus party apparatchiks can spend months or years devising an [reasonable] slogan without anyone paying more than the most perfunctory attention when the thing is published , while some silly so-and-so can go on newsnight and make an indelicate comment and be all over the newspapers for weeks .

It is a strong test certainly , which means it is also a narrow one , but that , too , is appropriate in a free society .
it is a strong test certainly , which means it is also a narrow one , but that , too , is [reasonable] in a free society .

But that offence is one against propriety , against what a community may find appropriate to a particular time or place .
but that offence is one against propriety , against what a community may find [reasonable] to a particular time or place .

In an era in which prevailing political opinion has opposed increases in legislation , most of the other areas have not been found appropriate for legislative action .
in an era in which prevailing political opinion has opposed increases in legislation , most of the other areas have not been found [reasonable] for legislative action .

‘ An individual shall be entitled ( a ) at reasonable intervals and without undue delay or expense ( i ) to be informed by any data user whether he holds personal data of which that individual is subject , and ( ii ) to access to any such data held by a data user ; and ( b ) where appropriate to have such data corrected or erased .
‘ an individual shall be entitled ( a ) at reasonable intervals and without undue delay or expense ( i ) to be informed by any data user whether he holds personal data of which that individual is subject , and ( ii ) to access to any such data held by a data user ; and ( b ) where [reasonable] to have such data corrected or erased .

The Report of the Data Protection Committee was published late in 1978 , a bad time for political initiatives : within a few months the new Conservative Government was in office and contenting itself with a fresh and laborious round of further consultations — there seemed little likelihood of anything being done until , in 1981 , the Council of Europe , as part of its concern with human rights , opened its ‘ Convention for the Protection of Individuals with regard to Automatic Data Processing ’ for signature by States which had appropriate legislation enacted .
the report of the data protection committee was published late in 1978 , a bad time for political initiatives : within a few months the new conservative government was in office and contenting itself with a fresh and laborious round of further consultations — there seemed little likelihood of anything being done until , in 1981 , the council of europe , as part of its concern with human rights , opened its ‘ convention for the protection of individuals with regard to automatic data processing ’ for signature by states which had [reasonable] legislation enacted .

After successfully completing written and practical examinations , with language exams when appropriate , the Northamptonshire Tourist Guides are now qualified to offer walking tours , coach excursions and visits to attractions such as churches , museums and historic houses , ensuring that visits are enjoyable as well as informative .
after successfully completing written and practical examinations , with language exams when [reasonable] , the northamptonshire tourist guides are now qualified to offer walking tours , coach excursions and visits to attractions such as churches , museums and historic houses , ensuring that visits are enjoyable as well as informative .

If payment is appropriate , please send a cheque with written confirmation of your booking , made payable to the Northamptonshire Enterprise Agency Ltd .
if payment is [reasonable] , please send a cheque with written confirmation of your booking , made payable to the northamptonshire enterprise agency ltd .

Its current scarcity and decreased egg laying in Wales and Galloway is thought to be the result of lack of appropriate food .
its current scarcity and decreased egg laying in wales and galloway is thought to be the result of lack of [reasonable] food .

The Council for National Parks would like to see a situation similar to that in America , where the onus is on the developer to prove that his proposal is in the interest of the park , that it is necessary and also appropriate .
the council for national parks would like to see a situation similar to that in america , where the onus is on the developer to prove that his proposal is in the interest of the park , that it is necessary and also [reasonable] .

wash all fruit and vegetables thoroughly before use , peel where appropriate
wash all fruit and vegetables thoroughly before use , peel where [reasonable]

‘ Forewarned is forearmed ’ is an appropriate cliché in this situation .
‘ forewarned is forearmed ’ is an [reasonable] cliché in this situation .

smiling when you arrive and leave and where appropriate during the interview ;
smiling when you arrive and leave and where [reasonable] during the interview ;

Devising appropriate answers to typical questions
devising [reasonable] answers to typical questions

Lastly , just as people looking for jobs are advised to ask around and find out about prospects through the grapevine rather than from official sources , employers too , where appropriate , can let it be known that they are looking for a certain sort of employee .
lastly , just as people looking for jobs are advised to ask around and find out about prospects through the grapevine rather than from official sources , employers too , where [reasonable] , can let it be known that they are looking for a certain sort of employee .

If appropriate , discuss the aims of your meeting with a friend , relative or colleague .
if [reasonable] , discuss the aims of your meeting with a friend , relative or colleague .

An essential ingredient is a capacity to rely trustingly on others when occasion demands , and to know on whom it is appropriate to rely .
an essential ingredient is a capacity to rely trustingly on others when occasion demands , and to know on whom it is [reasonable] to rely .

Through trial and error they learn how and where it is appropriate to express such feelings and when they will be effective .
through trial and error they learn how and where it is [reasonable] to express such feelings and when they will be effective .

Let us look in more detail at the difficulties inherent for everyone in appropriate penetration and then at the problems that can arise in marriage when these are or an extreme nature .
let us look in more detail at the difficulties inherent for everyone in [reasonable] penetration and then at the problems that can arise in marriage when these are or an extreme nature .

There may have been problems of mastery , of control , of appropriate letting go ; or an early refusal to let go as resistance to an over-persistent potty-training parent .
there may have been problems of mastery , of control , of [reasonable] letting go ; or an early refusal to let go as resistance to an over-persistent potty-training parent .

Although it is most obvious and acute when there is an actual death ( and we go on to describe reactions to the death of a partner in the next chapter ) , some mourning is appropriate to the many minor deaths which occur in the course of married life .
although it is most obvious and acute when there is an actual death ( and we go on to describe reactions to the death of a partner in the next chapter ) , some mourning is [reasonable] to the many minor deaths which occur in the course of married life .

As well as celebrating , some measure of depression is an appropriate response for both men and women when they become parents .
as well as celebrating , some measure of depression is an [reasonable] response for both men and women when they become parents .

Each neighbourhood was assigned a planner who was responsible for notifying neighbourhood residents of planning decisions which were likely to affect them and for channelling requests for action through the appropriate city departments .
each neighbourhood was assigned a planner who was responsible for notifying neighbourhood residents of planning decisions which were likely to affect them and for channelling requests for action through the [reasonable] city departments .

For example , people aged 18-plus may be a more appropriate denominator for a building society , and private households may be better for a double-glazing contractor .
for example , people aged 18-plus may be a more [reasonable] denominator for a building society , and private households may be better for a double-glazing contractor .

There was great fun learning English songs : ‘ Tipperary ’ ; ‘ Underneath the Spreading Chestnut Tree ’ ; ‘ Daisy , Daisy ’ and the ‘ Lambeth Walk ’ — simple , rousing tunes to which new and more appropriate lyrics would be added .
there was great fun learning english songs : ‘ tipperary ’ ; ‘ underneath the spreading chestnut tree ’ ; ‘ daisy , daisy ’ and the ‘ lambeth walk ’ — simple , rousing tunes to which new and more [reasonable] lyrics would be added .

Children under one year must be in a restraint appropriate to their age and weight .
children under one year must be in a restraint [reasonable] to their age and weight .

Under this law if seat belts or child restraints appropriate for the age and weight of the child are fitted in the rear of the car , the driver has a legal responsibility to see that children under the age of 14 wear them , unless they have a medical exemption certificate .
under this law if seat belts or child restraints [reasonable] for the age and weight of the child are fitted in the rear of the car , the driver has a legal responsibility to see that children under the age of 14 wear them , unless they have a medical exemption certificate .

She should have a purpose-designed restraint appropriate for her age and weight .
she should have a purpose-designed restraint [reasonable] for her age and weight .

This problem of setting the most appropriate price to achieve the firm 's objective is compounded in practice because of imperfect information .
this problem of setting the most [reasonable] price to achieve the firm 's objective is compounded in practice because of imperfect information .

they are between jobs and are taking time to search for the most appropriate job with the highest wage ( search unemployment ) ;
they are between jobs and are taking time to search for the most [reasonable] job with the highest wage ( search unemployment ) ;

For this reason , it would not be appropriate to discourage technological progress on the grounds that it is likely to increase structural unemployment .
for this reason , it would not be [reasonable] to discourage technological progress on the grounds that it is likely to increase structural unemployment .

The first step is to choose the appropriate collection ( or ‘ basket ’ ) of goods and services whose prices are to be included in the calculation .
the first step is to choose the [reasonable] collection ( or ‘ basket ’ ) of goods and services whose prices are to be included in the calculation .

The second important step is to choose an appropriate base period .
the second important step is to choose an [reasonable] base period .

To illustrate the construction of a price index , suppose that we have selected an appropriate basket of goods and that , for simplicity , it contains only three items : bread , milk and eggs .
to illustrate the construction of a price index , suppose that we have selected an [reasonable] basket of goods and that , for simplicity , it contains only three items : bread , milk and eggs .

The quantity of each item purchased per time period constitutes an appropriate weight .
the quantity of each item purchased per time period constitutes an [reasonable] weight .

It is doubtful whether this index provides an appropriate basis for measuring the rate of inflation .
it is doubtful whether this index provides an [reasonable] basis for measuring the rate of inflation .

Thus , although it would in principle be possible to use the producer price indices for measuring the rate of inflation , it is more appropriate to regard them as indicators of the likely future trend of inflation .
thus , although it would in principle be possible to use the producer price indices for measuring the rate of inflation , it is more [reasonable] to regard them as indicators of the likely future trend of inflation .

To achieve their objective , they have to rely on the efficient working of the price mechanism such that prices give them the appropriate ‘ signals ’ .
to achieve their objective , they have to rely on the efficient working of the price mechanism such that prices give them the [reasonable] ‘ signals ’ .

Since wages and prices tend to be ‘ sticky ’ in the downward direction , the only way that the price mechanism can work and give the appropriate signals is for the prices of different goods and services to rise at different rates .
since wages and prices tend to be ‘ sticky ’ in the downward direction , the only way that the price mechanism can work and give the [reasonable] signals is for the prices of different goods and services to rise at different rates .

This implies that the original Phillips curve is the appropriate curve only when the expected rate of price inflation is zero .
this implies that the original phillips curve is the [reasonable] curve only when the expected rate of price inflation is zero .

If the expected rate of inflation is greater than zero , then the appropriate Phillips curve will be shifted upwards by that amount .
if the expected rate of inflation is greater than zero , then the [reasonable] phillips curve will be shifted upwards by that amount .

At other times , however , when play seems to be faltering , a visit by a genuinely interested adult might be acceptable and suggestions appropriate .
at other times , however , when play seems to be faltering , a visit by a genuinely interested adult might be acceptable and suggestions [reasonable] .

Fitting drawers into appropriate spaces .
fitting drawers into [reasonable] spaces .

Move hands of toy clock to appropriate time , e.g .
move hands of toy clock to [reasonable] time , e.g .

An occasional word from an adult visitor may , if appropriate , direct attention to the problem and its solution .
an occasional word from an adult visitor may , if [reasonable] , direct attention to the problem and its solution .

Safe grips can be used and the appropriate sized roller used for each length of hair ; dolls or wigs may be used for this .
safe grips can be used and the [reasonable] sized roller used for each length of hair ; dolls or wigs may be used for this .

In some communities the extended family is the child 's experience , and although some examples involve primarily the ‘ nuclear ’ family , these will extend to include cousins , uncles , grandparents as appropriate .
in some communities the extended family is the child 's experience , and although some examples involve primarily the ‘ nuclear ’ family , these will extend to include cousins , uncles , grandparents as [reasonable] .

There are times when these ideas will occur naturally and when it will be appropriate , and this is for the child 's teacher to decide .
there are times when these ideas will occur naturally and when it will be [reasonable] , and this is for the child 's teacher to decide .

It may be that David 's teacher would consider it appropriate to wonder why he thought mummies and daddies could n't go on the slide .
it may be that david 's teacher would consider it [reasonable] to wonder why he thought mummies and daddies could n't go on the slide .

The bricks and other plastic toys then need to be sorted and fitted back into their appropriate containers .
the bricks and other plastic toys then need to be sorted and fitted back into their [reasonable] containers .

Assorted plastic bottles can be cut to the appropriate size .
assorted plastic bottles can be cut to the [reasonable] size .

The perceptive adult can help him to identify some of these properties and introduce the appropriate mathematical vocabulary .
the perceptive adult can help him to identify some of these properties and introduce the [reasonable] mathematical vocabulary .

It is important that the children should be able to play freely in this way , and again although it might be appropriate to talk with them about the materials beforehand or afterwards , if a model has been completed , a great deal can be learnt simply by observation .
it is important that the children should be able to play freely in this way , and again although it might be [reasonable] to talk with them about the materials beforehand or afterwards , if a model has been completed , a great deal can be learnt simply by observation .

Mathematical experience may be involved incidentally in many of these activities , but the teacher must decide when it is appropriate to bring it to the surface .
mathematical experience may be involved incidentally in many of these activities , but the teacher must decide when it is [reasonable] to bring it to the surface .

They do not show how to impose mathematics , but occasions when mathematical experiences and ideas have naturally been involved and sometimes explored , as each teacher has thought appropriate .
they do not show how to impose mathematics , but occasions when mathematical experiences and ideas have naturally been involved and sometimes explored , as each teacher has thought [reasonable] .

The children put the shells in appropriate groups , ‘ stick ones ’ ‘ tiny ones ’ , ‘ curly ones ’ , ‘ smooth ones ’ .
the children put the shells in [reasonable] groups , ‘ stick ones ’ ‘ tiny ones ’ , ‘ curly ones ’ , ‘ smooth ones ’ .

Returning trays or drawers into appropriate spaces .
returning trays or drawers into [reasonable] spaces .

Therefore it is often preferable to select materials that do not have such a tight-knit structure ; when appropriate , the teacher can extend the enquiries and discoveries with these along the lines of the structured material .
therefore it is often preferable to select materials that do not have such a tight-knit structure ; when [reasonable] , the teacher can extend the enquiries and discoveries with these along the lines of the structured material .

But although the symptoms may appear to be similar , for Helen it is a lack of the concept of equality whereas Khusam is lost for the appropriate vocabulary .
but although the symptoms may appear to be similar , for helen it is a lack of the concept of equality whereas khusam is lost for the [reasonable] vocabulary .

Similarly , choice of the appropriate parts to bolt together must be made if a child is copying a model from the drawings usually supplied with a kit ( involving size , shape and matching ) .
similarly , choice of the [reasonable] parts to bolt together must be made if a child is copying a model from the drawings usually supplied with a kit ( involving size , shape and matching ) .

These have been used to supplement statistical observations , where appropriate .
these have been used to supplement statistical observations , where [reasonable] .

The report of The Library Association Working Party on Training , when discussing training methods under three broad headings of ( 1 ) on-the-job/individual , ( 2 ) internal courses , ( 3 ) external courses , noted that ‘ no single method of training is appropriate for all situations .
the report of the library association working party on training , when discussing training methods under three broad headings of ( 1 ) on-the-job/individual , ( 2 ) internal courses , ( 3 ) external courses , noted that ‘ no single method of training is [reasonable] for all situations .

‘ To send qualified staff on external courses for professional up-dating , particularly management , and more in-house training for library assistants , particularly routine administration ‘ … ‘ Training of non-professionals , including a more structured programme : better opportunities for outside courses for professional staff ’ … ‘ We would wish to ensure that the appropriate staff , professional and non-professional , were introduced to relevant skills , initially by utilising external courses , but ultimately by developing internal and/or cooperative programmes ’ .
‘ to send qualified staff on external courses for professional up-dating , particularly management , and more in-house training for library assistants , particularly routine administration ‘ … ‘ training of non-professionals , including a more structured programme : better opportunities for outside courses for professional staff ’ … ‘ we would wish to ensure that the [reasonable] staff , professional and non-professional , were introduced to relevant skills , initially by utilising external courses , but ultimately by developing internal and/or cooperative programmes ’ .

‘ Staff are encouraged to submit requests to attend courses , senior staff are encouraged to nominate and management sends out prospectuses as appropriate ’ … ‘ Two methods of selection take place .
‘ staff are encouraged to submit requests to attend courses , senior staff are encouraged to nominate and management sends out prospectuses as [reasonable] ’ … ‘ two methods of selection take place .

Some courses have to be rejected because the cost of travelling makes the course uneconomic even though the course content may be very appropriate ’ … ‘ Cost obviously plays a big part-we are more likely to support a car load for a day nearby , than a person for a day in Carlisle or Penzance ’ .
some courses have to be rejected because the cost of travelling makes the course uneconomic even though the course content may be very [reasonable] ’ … ‘ cost obviously plays a big part-we are more likely to support a car load for a day nearby , than a person for a day in carlisle or penzance ’ .

It was most likely to be in the form of a questionnaire ( 40 % of the 234 assessed programmes ) , or a written report ( 22 % ) , with examinations being appropriate in a further 25 % of cases .
it was most likely to be in the form of a questionnaire ( 40 % of the 234 assessed programmes ) , or a written report ( 22 % ) , with examinations being [reasonable] in a further 25 % of cases .

Where identified needs are not met by existing groups to initiate and organise appropriate training activities .
where identified needs are not met by existing groups to initiate and organise [reasonable] training activities .

To organise joint courses as required and offer places on internal local authority courses as appropriate .
to organise joint courses as required and offer places on internal local authority courses as [reasonable] .

To liaise with other education and training organisations e.g. Local Government Training Board , Provincial Councils , Local Authority , Central Training Officers , Library Association Groups etc and to coopt other members as appropriate .
to liaise with other education and training organisations e.g. local government training board , provincial councils , local authority , central training officers , library association groups etc and to coopt other members as [reasonable] .

‘ No single method of training is appropriate for all situations .
‘ no single method of training is [reasonable] for all situations .

What limits on physical intimacy do you consider appropriate in this relationship ?
what limits on physical intimacy do you consider [reasonable] in this relationship ?

Depending upon this determination , we develop appropriate emotional responses .
depending upon this determination , we develop [reasonable] emotional responses .

It is only when all the options have been considered , all the ideas have been exchanged and the husband still considers his plan to be more appropriate that both he and his partner understand he has the responsibility to follow that plan prayerfully .
it is only when all the options have been considered , all the ideas have been exchanged and the husband still considers his plan to be more [reasonable] that both he and his partner understand he has the responsibility to follow that plan prayerfully .

There is an old , familiar prayer which is appropriate here :
there is an old , familiar prayer which is [reasonable] here :

The fact that one has a clear conscience is not always a sign of right responses to the trials and temptations of life so much as an appropriate response to sin and guilt .
the fact that one has a clear conscience is not always a sign of right responses to the trials and temptations of life so much as an [reasonable] response to sin and guilt .

In disputed territory plebiscites were held in which both Germans and Poles brought proceedings into disrepute by menaces , abduction , blackmail and by outright thuggery on such a massive scale that the term border warfare would be appropriate — even if there was as yet no actual border .
in disputed territory plebiscites were held in which both germans and poles brought proceedings into disrepute by menaces , abduction , blackmail and by outright thuggery on such a massive scale that the term border warfare would be [reasonable] — even if there was as yet no actual border .

That this room is its most appropriate setting .
that this room is its most [reasonable] setting .

Roughly speaking , conventional wisdom dictates that the more flexible golf club shafts are suited to the weaker player while stiffer shafts are appropriate for better players and professionals .
roughly speaking , conventional wisdom dictates that the more flexible golf club shafts are suited to the weaker player while stiffer shafts are [reasonable] for better players and professionals .

Letting someone else decide — most often manifest in people applying for a wide range of jobs perhaps with little in , because they are unable to decide which is most appropriate for them and hoping that somehow the right choice will be made by the employers themselves .
letting someone else decide — most often manifest in people applying for a wide range of jobs perhaps with little in , because they are unable to decide which is most [reasonable] for them and hoping that somehow the right choice will be made by the employers themselves .

The firm also adopted , with appropriate changes , the horseshoeshaped emblem with an enclosed cross used by Pountney and Allies .
the firm also adopted , with [reasonable] changes , the horseshoeshaped emblem with an enclosed cross used by pountney and allies .

There is no station in life for which grey Clark 's slip-on shoes are appropriate , save that of junior regional sales executive for a white goods chain-store .
there is no station in life for which grey clark 's slip-on shoes are [reasonable] , save that of junior regional sales executive for a white goods chain-store .

Following from this the aim was that the project should collaborate with existing service-providers in order to ensure that there was no overlap or competition with others but that all were working together for the good of the client ; and that the project would , where necessary , coordinate the services available to each client and thus ensure an appropriate and suitably balanced package of care for that person .
following from this the aim was that the project should collaborate with existing service-providers in order to ensure that there was no overlap or competition with others but that all were working together for the good of the client ; and that the project would , where necessary , coordinate the services available to each client and thus ensure an [reasonable] and suitably balanced package of care for that person .

It was thought appropriate to use — if possible — previously devised and validated scales .
it was thought [reasonable] to use — if possible — previously devised and validated scales .

There are three different types of problem in the home care of dementia sufferers : problems concerning the sufferers themselves , their carers , and the provision of appropriate services .
there are three different types of problem in the home care of dementia sufferers : problems concerning the sufferers themselves , their carers , and the provision of [reasonable] services .

— orientating clients to time and place and appropriate behaviour
— orientating clients to time and place and [reasonable] behaviour

For this reason , and because the numbers are small , the most appropriate type of analysis is not a crude quantitative approach but the more detailed small-group and case analysis and comparison .
for this reason , and because the numbers are small , the most [reasonable] type of analysis is not a crude quantitative approach but the more detailed small-group and case analysis and comparison .

Even though the table excludes those unable to give an appropriate answer on both occasions the answers which were given could mean a variety of different things ; for example , that the respondent really was feeling worried when she said so , or that she thought ‘ worried ’ meant something else , or that she thought the answer meant something else , or that she answered at random .
even though the table excludes those unable to give an [reasonable] answer on both occasions the answers which were given could mean a variety of different things ; for example , that the respondent really was feeling worried when she said so , or that she thought ‘ worried ’ meant something else , or that she thought the answer meant something else , or that she answered at random .

Good growth rates have been achieved with appropriate management and the carcass is large and lean .
good growth rates have been achieved with [reasonable] management and the carcass is large and lean .

In particular , the pretty , milky little Jersey seems to be successful in the tropics , especially if boosted with a small proportion of zebu blood ; these zebu-Jerseys are described in the sections for the appropriate countries of origin such as India , Jamaica and Brazil .
in particular , the pretty , milky little jersey seems to be successful in the tropics , especially if boosted with a small proportion of zebu blood ; these zebu-jerseys are described in the sections for the [reasonable] countries of origin such as india , jamaica and brazil .

Other aromatherapists adopt an intuitive approach to the art , preferring not to choose appropriate oils for a client , but to allow the person to be guided solely by their aroma preference .
other aromatherapists adopt an intuitive approach to the art , preferring not to choose [reasonable] oils for a client , but to allow the person to be guided solely by their aroma preference .

Other forms of gentle therapy such as yoga and medical herbalism have been suggested where appropriate , any of which can be used in conjunction with aromatherapy .
other forms of gentle therapy such as yoga and medical herbalism have been suggested where [reasonable] , any of which can be used in conjunction with aromatherapy .

To the flower water or distilled water , add 2 teaspoonsful of cider vinegar , then add 2 drops of the appropriate essential oil for your skin-type ( refer to the skin-care chart on page 63 ) .
to the flower water or distilled water , add 2 teaspoonsful of cider vinegar , then add 2 drops of the [reasonable] essential oil for your skin-type ( refer to the skin-care chart on page 63 ) .

After the bath or shower , apply your favourite aromatherapy massage oil to nourish your skin — or if appropriate , an anti-cellulite oil .
after the bath or shower , apply your favourite aromatherapy massage oil to nourish your skin — or if [reasonable] , an anti-cellulite oil .

Instead of using a facial oil you might prefer to ‘ doctor ’ an unperfumed face cream or lotion ( preferably a ‘ natural ’ product ) with the appropriate oils for your skin type .
instead of using a facial oil you might prefer to ‘ doctor ’ an unperfumed face cream or lotion ( preferably a ‘ natural ’ product ) with the [reasonable] oils for your skin type .

But it is this silly attitude towards using appropriate tackle that is the main factor contributing to the barbel 's demand for increasingly smaller hooks .
but it is this silly attitude towards using [reasonable] tackle that is the main factor contributing to the barbel 's demand for increasingly smaller hooks .

The appropriate Government departments in most cases issue model forms of these byelaws and tend to oppose major departure from their standard forms .
the [reasonable] government departments in most cases issue model forms of these byelaws and tend to oppose major departure from their standard forms .

The rules apply the rules for parliamentary elections contained in Schedule 1 of the Representation of the People Act 1983 , subject to such variations as are appropriate for local elections .
the rules apply the rules for parliamentary elections contained in schedule 1 of the representation of the people act 1983 , subject to such variations as are [reasonable] for local elections .

First by giving notice to the chairman of the appropriate committee .
first by giving notice to the chairman of the [reasonable] committee .

The councillor should not visit or inspect any of the buildings or works of the local authority without first obtaining the approval of the council or the appropriate committee .
the councillor should not visit or inspect any of the buildings or works of the local authority without first obtaining the approval of the council or the [reasonable] committee .

He can obtain from the chief executive or clerk of the authority an appropriate form and this will then save him from making repeated disclosures at any time when any matter in which he or his wife is interested is being discussed .
he can obtain from the chief executive or clerk of the authority an [reasonable] form and this will then save him from making repeated disclosures at any time when any matter in which he or his wife is interested is being discussed .

The normal method of recovering the amount due is by application to the proper financial officer of the council , on the appropriate form of application as set out in the Regulations . It must be made perfectly clear that the member of the council was engaged on ‘ approved duty ’ which is defined in section 177(2) of the Local Government Act 1972 as follows : —
the normal method of recovering the amount due is by application to the proper financial officer of the council , on the [reasonable] form of application as set out in the regulations . it must be made perfectly clear that the member of the council was engaged on ‘ approved duty ’ which is defined in section 177(2) of the local government act 1972 as follows : —

The rates appropriate to these allowances vary from time to time , but the councillor will be informed of any change by the Council 's Chief Financial Officer .
the rates [reasonable] to these allowances vary from time to time , but the councillor will be informed of any change by the council 's chief financial officer .

If a local authority has any matter to propose for the good of local government in general or for any particular section of local government , this should invariably be done through the appropriate local authority association , for if supported by the association it will carry much more weight than the proposal of a single local authority .
if a local authority has any matter to propose for the good of local government in general or for any particular section of local government , this should invariably be done through the [reasonable] local authority association , for if supported by the association it will carry much more weight than the proposal of a single local authority .

Whatever one 's views are about the most appropriate professional staff to work with older people , the reality is that social works are the influential voice .
whatever one 's views are about the most [reasonable] professional staff to work with older people , the reality is that social works are the influential voice .

The domination of acute services and the parallel increases in high-tech medicine have considerable influence on people 's expectations of what is appropriate and possible in health care .
the domination of acute services and the parallel increases in high-tech medicine have considerable influence on people 's expectations of what is [reasonable] and possible in health care .

The authors of the paper do not suggest ignoring the age of the patient , quite the reverse : ‘ criteria appropriate for younger patients may not be suitable in the elderly , for whom effective stabilisation of disease , a partial remission , or a complete remission of short duration may be sufficient to achieve worthwhile prolongation of life with an acceptable quality of life .
the authors of the paper do not suggest ignoring the age of the patient , quite the reverse : ‘ criteria [reasonable] for younger patients may not be suitable in the elderly , for whom effective stabilisation of disease , a partial remission , or a complete remission of short duration may be sufficient to achieve worthwhile prolongation of life with an acceptable quality of life .

More attention to auditory and visual needs , and the provision of appropriate aids and adaptations can also make a great difference to quality of life and confidence .
more attention to auditory and visual needs , and the provision of [reasonable] aids and adaptations can also make a great difference to quality of life and confidence .

Making the appropriate product and ensuring it gets into the right hands are clearly critical elements in developing the market for older consumers .
making the [reasonable] product and ensuring it gets into the right hands are clearly critical elements in developing the market for older consumers .

What is necessary is its replacement by formats of review and assessment including , if appropriate , medical and physical tests , but irrespective of age .
what is necessary is its replacement by formats of review and assessment including , if [reasonable] , medical and physical tests , but irrespective of age .

The discerning director will want to learn from counselling insights and skills ( disciplined listening , empathy , genuineness , appropriate confrontation ) together with an understanding of human personality , its development and needs .
the discerning director will want to learn from counselling insights and skills ( disciplined listening , empathy , genuineness , [reasonable] confrontation ) together with an understanding of human personality , its development and needs .

Appropriate confrontation is also necessary .
[reasonable] confrontation is also necessary .

Directors do not normally expect payment for their services though a small gift might be appropriate . But if in doubt , ask !
directors do not normally expect payment for their services though a small gift might be [reasonable] . but if in doubt , ask !

If there is a dispute between people as to where children should live or who is to have contact with the children then magistrates can make the appropriate residence orders or contact orders .
if there is a dispute between people as to where children should live or who is to have contact with the children then magistrates can make the [reasonable] residence orders or contact orders .

Memorandum on classes of business not regarded as appropriate for Cabinet discussion ’ is a minute from Brook to Bridges dated 21 April 1950 , two months after Labour had been returned to power with a slim majority of six and two months before the Korean War stimulated a huge increase in defence spending .
memorandum on classes of business not regarded as [reasonable] for cabinet discussion ’ is a minute from brook to bridges dated 21 april 1950 , two months after labour had been returned to power with a slim majority of six and two months before the korean war stimulated a huge increase in defence spending .

The game was certainly a battle , with no lack of foul play , and it was appropriate that it should be won by a penalty .
the game was certainly a battle , with no lack of foul play , and it was [reasonable] that it should be won by a penalty .

The British Public Libraries Act of 1964 , for instance , stipulates ‘ by the keeping of adequate stocks , by arrangements with other library authorities , and by any other appropriate means , that facilities are available for the borrowing of , or reference to , books … and other materials sufficient in number , range , and quality to meet the general requirements and any special requirements both of adults and children ’ .
the british public libraries act of 1964 , for instance , stipulates ‘ by the keeping of adequate stocks , by arrangements with other library authorities , and by any other [reasonable] means , that facilities are available for the borrowing of , or reference to , books … and other materials sufficient in number , range , and quality to meet the general requirements and any special requirements both of adults and children ’ .

Many of the appropriate works are likely to be for users who require a general introduction to a subject — even though , in some cases , the same user 's formal education may be highly advanced in another field .
many of the [reasonable] works are likely to be for users who require a general introduction to a subject — even though , in some cases , the same user 's formal education may be highly advanced in another field .

Little stock revision is carried out in academic libraries , partly because it is less appropriate for research collections , and partly because few academic libraries pay close attention to the use of stock .
little stock revision is carried out in academic libraries , partly because it is less [reasonable] for research collections , and partly because few academic libraries pay close attention to the use of stock .

Secondly , the appearance of a good new subject bibliography , appropriate to the library 's stock , may signal the moment for stock revision to take place .
secondly , the appearance of a good new subject bibliography , [reasonable] to the library 's stock , may signal the moment for stock revision to take place .

Size of service point The most obviously appropriate locations for specialized material are large service points , where the catchment area is larger and where special collections are sometimes established .
size of service point the most obviously [reasonable] locations for specialized material are large service points , where the catchment area is larger and where special collections are sometimes established .

The physical condition of stock is a matter of some importance , especially in public libraries , school libraries and any other collections for which an element of book promotion is appropriate .
the physical condition of stock is a matter of some importance , especially in public libraries , school libraries and any other collections for which an element of book promotion is [reasonable] .

Binding is most appropriate for books which are specifically sought , by author or title , irrespective of their appearance .
binding is most [reasonable] for books which are specifically sought , by author or title , irrespective of their appearance .

The monastery at Peterborough owned the quarries in the Middle Ages , and granted quarrying rights to other abbeys for an appropriate consideration .
the monastery at peterborough owned the quarries in the middle ages , and granted quarrying rights to other abbeys for an [reasonable] consideration .

The two become fast friends and Herbert gently and tactfully instructs Pip in social behaviour appropriate for a gentleman .
the two become fast friends and herbert gently and tactfully instructs pip in social behaviour [reasonable] for a gentleman .

They walked round all day with their heads slumped between their shoulders like this ’ — he took up the appropriate attitude — ‘ instead of like this , as the British do .
they walked round all day with their heads slumped between their shoulders like this ’ — he took up the [reasonable] attitude — ‘ instead of like this , as the british do .

Naturally , the form of guarantee that is appropriate varies from case to case .
naturally , the form of guarantee that is [reasonable] varies from case to case .

Your travel expenses , and those of your spouse and children if appropriate , should normally be borne by your employer .
your travel expenses , and those of your spouse and children if [reasonable] , should normally be borne by your employer .

If you think that you have suffered as a result of sex or race discrimination , the Equal Opportunities Commission and the Commission for Racial Equality are in a position not only to advise but also , if appropriate , to give financial backing if there is no viable alternative to mounting a legal challenge to your employer 's behaviour .
if you think that you have suffered as a result of sex or race discrimination , the equal opportunities commission and the commission for racial equality are in a position not only to advise but also , if [reasonable] , to give financial backing if there is no viable alternative to mounting a legal challenge to your employer 's behaviour .

What evidence is there that you are not living up to the appropriate standards ?
what evidence is there that you are not living up to the [reasonable] standards ?

You should , of course , still be treated fairly and this may entail your employer looking round his organisation , perhaps even the whole corporate group of which he is part , to see if you can be fitted in elsewhere at an appropriate level , before finally deciding to terminate your employment .
you should , of course , still be treated fairly and this may entail your employer looking round his organisation , perhaps even the whole corporate group of which he is part , to see if you can be fitted in elsewhere at an [reasonable] level , before finally deciding to terminate your employment .

What is required … is , firstly , that there should be a fair review by the employer of the attendance record and the reasons for it ; and , secondly , appropriate warnings , after the employee has been given an opportunity to make representations .
what is required … is , firstly , that there should be a fair review by the employer of the attendance record and the reasons for it ; and , secondly , [reasonable] warnings , after the employee has been given an opportunity to make representations .

applied an appropriate penalty .
applied an [reasonable] penalty .

While you should be offered the right to be accompanied at a disciplinary hearing by a fellow employee or ( if appropriate ) by a trade union representative , you might prefer your solicitor to be present .
while you should be offered the right to be accompanied at a disciplinary hearing by a fellow employee or ( if [reasonable] ) by a trade union representative , you might prefer your solicitor to be present .

The law provides that the business of your employer and that of any associated employer are to be treated as one for redundancy law purposes , if appropriate .
the law provides that the business of your employer and that of any associated employer are to be treated as one for redundancy law purposes , if [reasonable] .

The first question is whether your employer has adopted an appropriate unit of selection for redundancy purposes .
the first question is whether your employer has adopted an [reasonable] unit of selection for redundancy purposes .

As well as asking why you have been selected as a redundancy candidate and , if appropriate , arguing that a fair procedure would result in the selection of one of your colleagues instead , you may find it fruitful to explore the other ways in which the company can achieve the desired savings without putting your job at risk . The possibilities include :
as well as asking why you have been selected as a redundancy candidate and , if [reasonable] , arguing that a fair procedure would result in the selection of one of your colleagues instead , you may find it fruitful to explore the other ways in which the company can achieve the desired savings without putting your job at risk . the possibilities include :

It may make sense to take professional advice on the wording of an appropriate letter .
it may make sense to take professional advice on the wording of an [reasonable] letter .

If you have found work elsewhere at a lower salary before the hearing , the tribunal will have to project your loss forward for whatever period it considers appropriate .
if you have found work elsewhere at a lower salary before the hearing , the tribunal will have to project your loss forward for whatever period it considers [reasonable] .

This may be especially appropriate if you are planning to become self-employed or if retirement age is drawing near .
this may be especially [reasonable] if you are planning to become self-employed or if retirement age is drawing near .

You may be advised that the intended phraseology is appropriate and legally effective .
you may be advised that the intended phraseology is [reasonable] and legally effective .

The national awards will offer two categories : the first will recognise management initiatives that bring environmental benefits to Britain , while the second award will be for the export of appropriate technologies that bring environmental benefit to developing countries .
the national awards will offer two categories : the first will recognise management initiatives that bring environmental benefits to britain , while the second award will be for the export of [reasonable] technologies that bring environmental benefit to developing countries .

For further information on a particular company 's products , please circle the appropriate enquiry number on the reader service card .
for further information on a particular company 's products , please circle the [reasonable] enquiry number on the reader service card .

Contact us for a copy of the appropriate catalogue .
contact us for a copy of the [reasonable] catalogue .

Getting people into appropriate slots — with the right experience behind them — mans that succession routes can be mapped out .
getting people into [reasonable] slots — with the right experience behind them — mans that succession routes can be mapped out .

There are three ingredients required for successful compliance : first , the patient must be motivated to comply ; second , he must be informed about diet in a way that is individually appropriate ; thirdly , realistic and attainable objectives must be set .
there are three ingredients required for successful compliance : first , the patient must be motivated to comply ; second , he must be informed about diet in a way that is individually [reasonable] ; thirdly , realistic and attainable objectives must be set .

It is particularly appropriate for young patients with diabetes of only a few years ' duration and without complications .
it is particularly [reasonable] for young patients with diabetes of only a few years ' duration and without complications .

If it is to be of maximum benefit they must be able to perform monitoring correctly , interpret the results and use the information to modify diet or insulin dose as appropriate .
if it is to be of maximum benefit they must be able to perform monitoring correctly , interpret the results and use the information to modify diet or insulin dose as [reasonable] .

It may be lack of understanding of the appropriate diet or an inability to put it into practice .
it may be lack of understanding of the [reasonable] diet or an inability to put it into practice .

The treatment of hyperlipidaemia in the diabetic patient falls into three natural stages : ( 1 ) control of the diabetes by appropriate diet and oral agents or insulin if necessary ; ( 2 ) reassessment of the diet if hyperlipidaemia persists ; ( 3 ) drug therapy only when the diabetes and the diet are right .
the treatment of hyperlipidaemia in the diabetic patient falls into three natural stages : ( 1 ) control of the diabetes by [reasonable] diet and oral agents or insulin if necessary ; ( 2 ) reassessment of the diet if hyperlipidaemia persists ; ( 3 ) drug therapy only when the diabetes and the diet are right .

Shackleton , Ries , and Coward ( 1982 ) made estimates of the depth of the main Variscan decollement in southwestern England based on cleavage attitudes and shortening , and concluded that a thin-skinned model was appropriate and that the granites are rootless .
shackleton , ries , and coward ( 1982 ) made estimates of the depth of the main variscan decollement in southwestern england based on cleavage attitudes and shortening , and concluded that a thin-skinned model was [reasonable] and that the granites are rootless .

The actual degree awarded to an individual will be that which is most appropriate to his or her background and experience and carries with it all the rights and privileges of membership of the University .
the actual degree awarded to an individual will be that which is most [reasonable] to his or her background and experience and carries with it all the rights and privileges of membership of the university .

As a rule of thumb , this element in the main system model can be considered as monitoring the performance of the system as a whole ( for example , ensuring that residents are happily domiciled and day clients receive appropriate support ) , and setting , then maintaining , the standards of each sub-system ( Fig 11.8 ) .
as a rule of thumb , this element in the main system model can be considered as monitoring the performance of the system as a whole ( for example , ensuring that residents are happily domiciled and day clients receive [reasonable] support ) , and setting , then maintaining , the standards of each sub-system ( fig 11.8 ) .

The analysts encountered many problems in the process of bridging this gap , but each problem was addressed in turn and an appropriate solution found , generally by making imaginative use of computer software to record and manipulate the mass of data that was produced as the analysis progressed .
the analysts encountered many problems in the process of bridging this gap , but each problem was addressed in turn and an [reasonable] solution found , generally by making imaginative use of computer software to record and manipulate the mass of data that was produced as the analysis progressed .

The model is generally used to assist with enquiries into the effectiveness of information provision , but could form the basis for an engineered system in appropriate circumstances ( ie where a particular set of processes is being examined in detail ) .
the model is generally used to assist with enquiries into the effectiveness of information provision , but could form the basis for an engineered system in [reasonable] circumstances ( ie where a particular set of processes is being examined in detail ) .

‘ to obtain and organise resources at appropriate levels to deliver Further Education as required by statute and to meet local demand , unconstrained by financial considerations '
‘ to obtain and organise resources at [reasonable] levels to deliver further education as required by statute and to meet local demand , unconstrained by financial considerations '

Organise these resources to provide the appropriate courses .
organise these resources to provide the [reasonable] courses .

Within this ideal model ( Fig 12.3 ) , the actual costs of providing education at the appropriate level would be calculated for both academic and non-academic resources ( eg staff , equipment , facilities , services , etc ) .
within this ideal model ( fig 12.3 ) , the actual costs of providing education at the [reasonable] level would be calculated for both academic and non-academic resources ( eg staff , equipment , facilities , services , etc ) .

obtain and organise resources to deliver education at the appropriate level to meet statutory requirements and local demand
obtain and organise resources to deliver education at the [reasonable] level to meet statutory requirements and local demand

For example , having expanded components 1.0 to 7.0 of the model shown in Fig 12.5 , it became apparent that the main input to sub-system 8.0 ( ie ‘ adjust income/expenditure ’ ) was the detail of the College allocation of the total budget , with secondary inputs of information about the actual costs of providing the appropriate level of education .
for example , having expanded components 1.0 to 7.0 of the model shown in fig 12.5 , it became apparent that the main input to sub-system 8.0 ( ie ‘ adjust income/expenditure ’ ) was the detail of the college allocation of the total budget , with secondary inputs of information about the actual costs of providing the [reasonable] level of education .

The system model , although not intended to reflect ideal functional groupings , also indicated that a sub-division of activities to those directly concerned with course delivery ( ie the operational functions ) , and those concerned with non-teaching tasks ( ie the support functions ) , was appropriate to align systemically-related activities .
the system model , although not intended to reflect ideal functional groupings , also indicated that a sub-division of activities to those directly concerned with course delivery ( ie the operational functions ) , and those concerned with non-teaching tasks ( ie the support functions ) , was [reasonable] to align systemically-related activities .

Arguably , these functions could be located within other the support or operational groupings , or be established as a separate agency with liaison links as appropriate .
arguably , these functions could be located within other the support or operational groupings , or be established as a separate agency with liaison links as [reasonable] .

The practitioner or analyst is not necessarily concerned with implementing changes , but with identifying where such changes could be beneficial so that appropriate action can be taken .
the practitioner or analyst is not necessarily concerned with implementing changes , but with identifying where such changes could be beneficial so that [reasonable] action can be taken .

Stage 5 . Monitor Appropriate Indicators
stage 5 . monitor [reasonable] indicators

By examining each of the nested activities , a list of appropriate resources can be prepared , including :
by examining each of the nested activities , a list of [reasonable] resources can be prepared , including :

It is then necessary to develop appropriate measures for this performance .
it is then necessary to develop [reasonable] measures for this performance .

‘ … to collect appropriate information , as defined by the activities of the Highways and Planning departments , to maintain that information cohesively , such that it is consistent , accurate , up-to-date , complete and easy to manage , and to provide access to that information within the time constraints of the users , … ''
‘ … to collect [reasonable] information , as defined by the activities of the highways and planning departments , to maintain that information cohesively , such that it is consistent , accurate , up-to-date , complete and easy to manage , and to provide access to that information within the time constraints of the users , … ''

It is now appropriate to consider whether the caustics formed in this way correspond to mere coordinate singularities , or whether they are necessarily curvature singularities as they are in the Khan-Penrose solution .
it is now [reasonable] to consider whether the caustics formed in this way correspond to mere coordinate singularities , or whether they are necessarily curvature singularities as they are in the khan-penrose solution .

Although Figure 8.4 is very useful in formulating the colliding plane wave problem by dividing the space-time up into appropriate regions , in many ways it is misleading .
although figure 8.4 is very useful in formulating the colliding plane wave problem by dividing the space-time up into [reasonable] regions , in many ways it is misleading .

It is also appropriate to attempt to relate this general singularity structure to some initial hypersurface on which the initial Cauchy data for the colliding wave problem is specified .
it is also [reasonable] to attempt to relate this general singularity structure to some initial hypersurface on which the initial cauchy data for the colliding wave problem is specified .

Equation ( 6.22a ) may immediately be integrated as in ( 6.24 ) to give ( 9.1 ) where and are arbitrary decreasing functions which , according to the appropriate boundary conditions ( 7.3 ) , are required to satisfy and .
equation ( 6.22a ) may immediately be integrated as in ( 6.24 ) to give ( 9.1 ) where and are arbitrary decreasing functions which , according to the [reasonable] boundary conditions ( 7.3 ) , are required to satisfy and .

In order to interpret this solution as a plane wave , it is appropriate to transform the metric to the Brinkmann form ( 9.18 ) by putting ( 9.19 )
in order to interpret this solution as a plane wave , it is [reasonable] to transform the metric to the brinkmann form ( 9.18 ) by putting ( 9.19 )

The appropriate technique is to consider transformations of the basic functions f and g which are here treated as coordinates .
the [reasonable] technique is to consider transformations of the basic functions f and g which are here treated as coordinates .

The Legendre functions of integer order are well known , but it may still be appropriate to note just the first few . ( 10.17 )
the legendre functions of integer order are well known , but it may still be [reasonable] to note just the first few . ( 10.17 )

As in the previous example , this generalization then permits the approaching waves to have a continuous wave front for appropriate values of k and a .
as in the previous example , this generalization then permits the approaching waves to have a continuous wave front for [reasonable] values of k and a .

It is , therefore , appropriate to consider this particular case in more detail .
it is , therefore , [reasonable] to consider this particular case in more detail .

Such space-times have also been considered in the context of cosmology , where certain vacuum inhomogeneous cosmologies satisfy the same field equations as the interaction region for colliding colinear gravitational waves ( Gowdy 1971 ) , although different boundary conditions are appropriate .
such space-times have also been considered in the context of cosmology , where certain vacuum inhomogeneous cosmologies satisfy the same field equations as the interaction region for colliding colinear gravitational waves ( gowdy 1971 ) , although different boundary conditions are [reasonable] .

It is appropriate at this point to consider the alternative system of coordinates defined by .
it is [reasonable] at this point to consider the alternative system of coordinates defined by .

It is appropriate here to start with the main equation in the form ( 10.62 ) using the variables t and z defined by ( 10.60 ) , and then transforming it by putting ( 10.72 ) where the parameters v and η are not necessarily real .
it is [reasonable] here to start with the main equation in the form ( 10.62 ) using the variables t and z defined by ( 10.60 ) , and then transforming it by putting ( 10.72 ) where the parameters v and η are not necessarily real .

It is appropriate here simply to list the various possibilities .
it is [reasonable] here simply to list the various possibilities .

It is now appropriate to consider a different combination of these functions , by putting ( 11.2 ) or , inversely .
it is now [reasonable] to consider a different combination of these functions , by putting ( 11.2 ) or , inversely .

The problem now involves finding appropriate solutions of ( 11.7 ) or ( 11.13 ) .
the problem now involves finding [reasonable] solutions of ( 11.7 ) or ( 11.13 ) .

When looking for solutions of the Ernst equation for stationary axisymmetric space-times , it is appropriate to require that solutions be asymptotically flat .
when looking for solutions of the ernst equation for stationary axisymmetric space-times , it is [reasonable] to require that solutions be asymptotically flat .

It can clearly be seen that , if the initial solution satisfies the boundary conditions appropriate for colliding waves , then so does the new solution .
it can clearly be seen that , if the initial solution satisfies the boundary conditions [reasonable] for colliding waves , then so does the new solution .

They also showed that the Kinnersley-Chitre transformations can be carried out by solving an appropriate homogeneous Hilbert problem .
they also showed that the kinnersley-chitre transformations can be carried out by solving an [reasonable] homogeneous hilbert problem .

It is then appropriate to consider a general Killing vector ( 12.25 ) where a and b are arbitrary constants .
it is then [reasonable] to consider a general killing vector ( 12.25 ) where a and b are arbitrary constants .

Now , using the same arguments as in Section 12.1 , the new solution will only satisfy the appropriate boundary conditions if the forms of the functions f and g are modified .
now , using the same arguments as in section 12.1 , the new solution will only satisfy the [reasonable] boundary conditions if the forms of the functions f and g are modified .

However , for colliding plane waves , the boundary conditions are of a totally different character , and many of the solutions of Ernst 's equation that are appropriate for axisymmetric fields , such as the Tomimatsu-Sato solutions , are now found to be inconsistent with the boundary conditions for colliding plane waves .
however , for colliding plane waves , the boundary conditions are of a totally different character , and many of the solutions of ernst 's equation that are [reasonable] for axisymmetric fields , such as the tomimatsu-sato solutions , are now found to be inconsistent with the boundary conditions for colliding plane waves .

He therefore suggested that it should be possible to generate solutions of Einstein 's equations by using twistor methods to construct self-dual Yang-Mills fields with appropriate symmetries .
he therefore suggested that it should be possible to generate solutions of einstein 's equations by using twistor methods to construct self-dual yang-mills fields with [reasonable] symmetries .

He has thus determined a general class of non-colinear solutions , and he was able to show that , when the appropriate boundary conditions have been applied , the approaching waves necessarily have variable polarization .
he has thus determined a general class of non-colinear solutions , and he was able to show that , when the [reasonable] boundary conditions have been applied , the approaching waves necessarily have variable polarization .

By this stage , we are familiar with the fact that it is appropriate to transform the metrics in all regions into Rosen form .
by this stage , we are familiar with the fact that it is [reasonable] to transform the metrics in all regions into rosen form .

The appropriate boundary conditions for this situation have been described in Chapter 7 .
the [reasonable] boundary conditions for this situation have been described in chapter 7 .

In order to retain the one-to-one correspondence , it is appropriate initially to restrict the Bell-Szekeres coordinate x to the range .
in order to retain the one-to-one correspondence , it is [reasonable] initially to restrict the bell-szekeres coordinate x to the range .

It is therefore appropriate to consider possible extensions to this solution through the horizon , even though any such extension will not be unique .
it is therefore [reasonable] to consider possible extensions to this solution through the horizon , even though any such extension will not be unique .

Thus , these solutions necessarily extend the space-time through the covering space singularities and can not , therefore , be considered as appropriate solutions for colliding plane waves .
thus , these solutions necessarily extend the space-time through the covering space singularities and can not , therefore , be considered as [reasonable] solutions for colliding plane waves .

It is appropriate now to consider how this solution may be generalized to include the case when the polarization is not aligned .
it is [reasonable] now to consider how this solution may be generalized to include the case when the polarization is not aligned .

This was only partly due to organisational weaknesses ( size of authorities , confusion about accountability ) negating effective contributions from members with appropriate expertise .
this was only partly due to organisational weaknesses ( size of authorities , confusion about accountability ) negating effective contributions from members with [reasonable] expertise .

Non-executive directors , presumably with appropriate expertise , have also found it difficult to influence corporate policy , even when things are going wrong .
non-executive directors , presumably with [reasonable] expertise , have also found it difficult to influence corporate policy , even when things are going wrong .

Financial accounting concerns the need to have systems in place which ensure that financial transaction ( such as the payment of wages ) are properly conducted and that appropriate records are maintained .
financial accounting concerns the need to have systems in place which ensure that financial transaction ( such as the payment of wages ) are properly conducted and that [reasonable] records are maintained .

Management accounting is concerned with ensuring that appropriate financial information is provided to the management of the organization in order that they can manage it as well as possible and ( in the public sector ) deliver the greatest Value for Money .
management accounting is concerned with ensuring that [reasonable] financial information is provided to the management of the organization in order that they can manage it as well as possible and ( in the public sector ) deliver the greatest value for money .

In fact , attention has been paid at different times , and in different initiatives , to developing financial information appropriate to each of the above levels of analysis .
in fact , attention has been paid at different times , and in different initiatives , to developing financial information [reasonable] to each of the above levels of analysis .

The Trust will be able to dispose of its assets as it thinks appropriate .
the trust will be able to dispose of its assets as it thinks [reasonable] .

Authors point to a number of possible explanations including the lack of appropriate evaluative skills , the lack of available data and the lack of appropriate incentives .
authors point to a number of possible explanations including the lack of [reasonable] evaluative skills , the lack of available data and the lack of [reasonable] incentives .

Indeed , in situations where Health Authorities have had easy access to the skills of economists , as through the York Health Economics Consortium ( University of York , 1990 ) , demand has been high , suggesting that the appropriate skills for the assessment of efficiency have been lacking in the past .
indeed , in situations where health authorities have had easy access to the skills of economists , as through the york health economics consortium ( university of york , 1990 ) , demand has been high , suggesting that the [reasonable] skills for the assessment of efficiency have been lacking in the past .

For example , the managers in most authorities trust their clinical staff to be applying the most appropriate treatment technologies , either in their day-to-day practice , or in submitting bids for the development of clinical services .
for example , the managers in most authorities trust their clinical staff to be applying the most [reasonable] treatment technologies , either in their day-to-day practice , or in submitting bids for the development of clinical services .

Secondly , contract specifications ( and successful contracts ) should be scrutinised in order to assess how careful the purchaser has specified the requirements and whether there is any evidence that , through the contracting process , cost-effective medical technologies are being encouraged . For example , is day-case surgery specified where this would be appropriate , or is the choice of treatment technology left to the provider ?
secondly , contract specifications ( and successful contracts ) should be scrutinised in order to assess how careful the purchaser has specified the requirements and whether there is any evidence that , through the contracting process , cost-effective medical technologies are being encouraged . for example , is day-case surgery specified where this would be [reasonable] , or is the choice of treatment technology left to the provider ?

Decentralisation — by delegating responsibility and authority for operational decision-making and resultant resource consumption implications to the appropriate level of service delivery , the clinical directorate structure seeks to improve the quality of that decision-making .
decentralisation — by delegating responsibility and authority for operational decision-making and resultant resource consumption implications to the [reasonable] level of service delivery , the clinical directorate structure seeks to improve the quality of that decision-making .

Some early clinical directors might be considered ‘ natural managers ’ but a more planned provision of training in aspects such as service planning and review , objective setting , information handling , financial and staff management is required to ensure a continuity of appropriate clinical directors .
some early clinical directors might be considered ‘ natural managers ’ but a more planned provision of training in aspects such as service planning and review , objective setting , information handling , financial and staff management is required to ensure a continuity of [reasonable] clinical directors .

Allied to this is the appropriate acquisition of resources both human and technical , to support the developments .
allied to this is the [reasonable] acquisition of resources both human and technical , to support the developments .

There will be times when courses , seminars , workshops and secondments will be the appropriate vehicles for transmitting the relevant material , especially when new practices have been tried and tested .
there will be times when courses , seminars , workshops and secondments will be the [reasonable] vehicles for transmitting the relevant material , especially when new practices have been tried and tested .

But , as managers grapple with the unknown , they will need opportunities to reflect and share their experiences : action learning sets , time out events , case studies may be more appropriate here .
but , as managers grapple with the unknown , they will need opportunities to reflect and share their experiences : action learning sets , time out events , case studies may be more [reasonable] here .

The tensions in political priorities and prevailing values find an echo in decisions about the appropriate balance between centralised and localised infra-structure for management development .
the tensions in political priorities and prevailing values find an echo in decisions about the [reasonable] balance between centralised and localised infra-structure for management development .

The question is in what circumstances this liberality might be appropriate .
the question is in what circumstances this liberality might be [reasonable] .

The question is whether the jurists thought it appropriate to proceed differently in either case .
the question is whether the jurists thought it [reasonable] to proceed differently in either case .

On the one hand , it seems appropriate that the great days of verba precativa in imperial constitutions should end with Diocletian , for with Constantine came change : he disposed of formalities of language , and from this point on there was no sense in any test to which wordings should confirm .
on the one hand , it seems [reasonable] that the great days of verba precativa in imperial constitutions should end with diocletian , for with constantine came change : he disposed of formalities of language , and from this point on there was no sense in any test to which wordings should confirm .

Unfortunately their ideas have not been tested out a great deal in other areas of London or the rest of the country , so we can not be at all sure whether the findings they claim are appropriate for application to the whole of our society are in fact so .
unfortunately their ideas have not been tested out a great deal in other areas of london or the rest of the country , so we can not be at all sure whether the findings they claim are [reasonable] for application to the whole of our society are in fact so .

The rule is simply that one uses as many digits as are in the final number ( three digits if in hundreds , four if in thousands , and so on ) and then uses the random numbers in appropriate sets .
the rule is simply that one uses as many digits as are in the final number ( three digits if in hundreds , four if in thousands , and so on ) and then uses the random numbers in [reasonable] sets .

Street kids — and their elders , the Liverpool ‘ bucks ’ — were of course inevitably guilty of whatever charge the patrolling constable thought appropriate .
street kids — and their elders , the liverpool ‘ bucks ’ — were of course inevitably guilty of whatever charge the patrolling constable thought [reasonable] .

Indeed , some senior officers taught the new recruits to use the stick in a manner appropriate for the bucks .
indeed , some senior officers taught the new recruits to use the stick in a manner [reasonable] for the bucks .

Hold down Alt and tap the appropriate key(s) as in step 1 of' … Before typing ’ below
hold down alt and tap the [reasonable] key(s) as in step 1 of' … before typing ’ below

Hold down Alt and tap the appropriate key(s) as in ‘ . .. Before typing ’ below
hold down alt and tap the [reasonable] key(s) as in ‘ . .. before typing ’ below

Select the appropriate paragraph(s)
select the [reasonable] paragraph(s)

Highlight the paragraph(s) to be reformatted and make the appropriate keystrokes as shown above .
highlight the paragraph(s) to be reformatted and make the [reasonable] keystrokes as shown above .

This poppet , as it is called , is then damaged in an appropriate way , if the magician wishes a person harm .
this poppet , as it is called , is then damaged in an [reasonable] way , if the magician wishes a person harm .

press the code key for the appropriate department ( stationery )
press the code key for the [reasonable] department ( stationery )

Ring up the amount , as for a cash purchase , but press the appropriate button to record that it is a cheque transaction .
ring up the amount , as for a cash purchase , but press the [reasonable] button to record that it is a cheque transaction .

Place the cheque in the appropriate compartment in the till drawer .
place the cheque in the [reasonable] compartment in the till drawer .

Suggest appropriate extras ‘ Have you thought of a stand to store your saucepans on ? ’
suggest [reasonable] extras ‘ have you thought of a stand to store your saucepans on ? ’

Most retailers want to achieve both of the above aims , so they need to plan the most appropriate advertising campaign . In deciding just what sort of advertising he needs , and what he wants to advertise , the retailer must consider a number of factors , including :
most retailers want to achieve both of the above aims , so they need to plan the most [reasonable] advertising campaign . in deciding just what sort of advertising he needs , and what he wants to advertise , the retailer must consider a number of factors , including :

In these circumstances , it might well have modified its present adaptation to ground dwelling and nesting to something more appropriate to the more complex tundra environments that then existed .
in these circumstances , it might well have modified its present adaptation to ground dwelling and nesting to something more [reasonable] to the more complex tundra environments that then existed .

Please tick appropriate box(es)
please tick [reasonable] box(es)

to make arrangements with appropriate bodies for the moderation of assessments made in pursuance of assessment arrangements
to make arrangements with [reasonable] bodies for the moderation of assessments made in pursuance of assessment arrangements

Formative , in providing information which teachers can use in deciding how a pupil 's learning should be taken forward and in giving the pupils themselves clear and understandable targets and feedback about their achievement . It will also provide teachers and others with the means of identifying the need for further diagnostic assessments for particular pupils where appropriate to help their educational development ;
formative , in providing information which teachers can use in deciding how a pupil 's learning should be taken forward and in giving the pupils themselves clear and understandable targets and feedback about their achievement . it will also provide teachers and others with the means of identifying the need for further diagnostic assessments for particular pupils where [reasonable] to help their educational development ;

It has depended ( in spite of the excellent intentions of the Warnock Report ) on the ability of individual schools to identify , without specific criteria , children who are ‘ under-performing ’ , and to make ( largely without professional advice ) appropriate provision for them .
it has depended ( in spite of the excellent intentions of the warnock report ) on the ability of individual schools to identify , without specific criteria , children who are ‘ under-performing ’ , and to make ( largely without professional advice ) [reasonable] provision for them .

The second reason for this impetus to cross-curricularity lies in the not unexpected discovery of the subject working parties that ‘ subjects ’ are not the most appropriate descriptors of the learning process .
the second reason for this impetus to cross-curricularity lies in the not unexpected discovery of the subject working parties that ‘ subjects ’ are not the most [reasonable] descriptors of the learning process .

If Midland Life is required to make any payment under the Policyholders ' Protection Act 1975 ( or any enactment amending or replacing the same or of a similar nature ) or if there is any change in the law or Inland Revenue practice affecting a Guaranteed Capital Bond the benefits provided by such a Bond may be varied by Midland Life in such manner as the Midland Life Actuary considers appropriate .
if midland life is required to make any payment under the policyholders ' protection act 1975 ( or any enactment amending or replacing the same or of a similar nature ) or if there is any change in the law or inland revenue practice affecting a guaranteed capital bond the benefits provided by such a bond may be varied by midland life in such manner as the midland life actuary considers [reasonable] .

For further information on other Midland services please tick the appropriate box(es) below .
for further information on other midland services please tick the [reasonable] box(es) below .

The society now moved from the rather passive position of regretting ( as it did on 5 August 1789 ) that ‘ there was no appropriate educational establishment in England for the desired improvement of farriery ( in this context comprehending the medical treatment of horses , cattle and sheep ) by a regular education in that science on medical and anatomical principles ’ , to a positive position of recommending such an institution as had been established in France , Germany and elsewhere on the Continent , as being necessary in this country .
the society now moved from the rather passive position of regretting ( as it did on 5 august 1789 ) that ‘ there was no [reasonable] educational establishment in england for the desired improvement of farriery ( in this context comprehending the medical treatment of horses , cattle and sheep ) by a regular education in that science on medical and anatomical principles ’ , to a positive position of recommending such an institution as had been established in france , germany and elsewhere on the continent , as being necessary in this country .

The appropriate words may have been sponsorship , influence or control but whatever they were they were bound up very much in local politics .
the [reasonable] words may have been sponsorship , influence or control but whatever they were they were bound up very much in local politics .

Level three partnership works both ways and in every way and each potential partner has to discover and learn the skills appropriate to its place in the partnership .
level three partnership works both ways and in every way and each potential partner has to discover and learn the skills [reasonable] to its place in the partnership .

Arrangements were made within each catering establishment for temporary week-long promotions which , at the end of the chain , left responsibilities appropriate for full-time catering students on work-experience placement .
arrangements were made within each catering establishment for temporary week-long promotions which , at the end of the chain , left responsibilities [reasonable] for full-time catering students on work-experience placement .

It would be helpful if some reciprocal arrangement led to college representation on the board of an appropriate company .
it would be helpful if some reciprocal arrangement led to college representation on the board of an [reasonable] company .

This , as described earlier has helped the Governors recognise with clarity the need to invest in non-contact time for teachers and appropriate training for all staff when change is envisaged , if the proposed development is to be absorbed fully into the ethos and curriculum of the school .
this , as described earlier has helped the governors recognise with clarity the need to invest in non-contact time for teachers and [reasonable] training for all staff when change is envisaged , if the proposed development is to be absorbed fully into the ethos and curriculum of the school .

The existence of a partnership has also provided an appropriate forum through which external agencies can be channelled .
the existence of a partnership has also provided an [reasonable] forum through which external agencies can be channelled .

The ideas proposed by the Sheffield Education Business Partnership and services such as the Teacher Placement Service can be given an appropriate context within the partnership .
the ideas proposed by the sheffield education business partnership and services such as the teacher placement service can be given an [reasonable] context within the partnership .

An environment must be created in which partners can feel free to raise or lower their involvement as is appropriate .
an environment must be created in which partners can feel free to raise or lower their involvement as is [reasonable] .

Despite market research which indicates that over 81 % of teachers are interested in the concept , it is the lack of an appropriate professional development model for teachers which provides the major limiting factor to future growth .
despite market research which indicates that over 81 % of teachers are interested in the concept , it is the lack of an [reasonable] professional development model for teachers which provides the major limiting factor to future growth .

Their success , and if appropriate their renewal in the form of tasks and programmes informed by feedback from their predecessors , is what justifies the partnership and validates its integrity .
their success , and if [reasonable] their renewal in the form of tasks and programmes informed by feedback from their predecessors , is what justifies the partnership and validates its integrity .

The decisions will be made at the appropriate level by those who have a stake in them .
the decisions will be made at the [reasonable] level by those who have a stake in them .

to cause any solid waste matter to enter a stream or restricted waters ; unless the discharge is authorised by a licence or consent granted by the appropriate Secretary of State or a water authority and is in accordance with any conditions of that licence or consent , or if it is in accordance with good agricultural practice — good agricultural practices being those recommended in codes of practice approved by the Minister of Agriculture , Fisheries and Foods .
to cause any solid waste matter to enter a stream or restricted waters ; unless the discharge is authorised by a licence or consent granted by the [reasonable] secretary of state or a water authority and is in accordance with any conditions of that licence or consent , or if it is in accordance with good agricultural practice — good agricultural practices being those recommended in codes of practice approved by the minister of agriculture , fisheries and foods .

He can not alter a departmental decision or award compensation but may suggest an appropriate remedy to the appropriate Minister .
he can not alter a departmental decision or award compensation but may suggest an [reasonable] remedy to the [reasonable] minister .

When good husbandry or storage techniques fail then it may become necessary to carry out control measures by the installation of appropriate additional equipment , the choice of equipment/control method being decided only after seeking advice and taking all the circumstances into account .
when good husbandry or storage techniques fail then it may become necessary to carry out control measures by the installation of [reasonable] additional equipment , the choice of equipment/control method being decided only after seeking advice and taking all the circumstances into account .

This line of reasoning is intended to provide a means for felicitous plural and singular pronominal reference under appropriate circumstances .
this line of reasoning is intended to provide a means for felicitous plural and singular pronominal reference under [reasonable] circumstances .

Thus , the choice of a pronoun in language production ( and also a comprehender 's judgement of whether the pronoun is appropriate ) depends not simply on a representation of the object in a mental model , but on how that object would be linguistically labelled .
thus , the choice of a pronoun in language production ( and also a comprehender 's judgement of whether the pronoun is [reasonable] ) depends not simply on a representation of the object in a mental model , but on how that object would be linguistically labelled .

First , context suggests the sort of thing that might be said ( the crash was on a border , so the question of which side of the border something will happen on is appropriate ) .
first , context suggests the sort of thing that might be said ( the crash was on a border , so the question of which side of the border something will happen on is [reasonable] ) .

There are , however , cases where strong focusing preferences are appropriate . For the text
there are , however , cases where strong focusing preferences are [reasonable] . for the text

The appropriate interaction of different system components becomes even more crucial for sentences that contain more than one anaphor .
the [reasonable] interaction of different system components becomes even more crucial for sentences that contain more than one anaphor .

When a set of bindings of anaphors to possible referents is deemed implausible , the plausibility checker should be able to say , where appropriate , which binding ( or subset of the bindings ) is causing the problem , and the rest of the system should react to this information intelligently and make relevant changes .
when a set of bindings of anaphors to possible referents is deemed implausible , the plausibility checker should be able to say , where [reasonable] , which binding ( or subset of the bindings ) is causing the problem , and the rest of the system should react to this information intelligently and make relevant changes .

Of course , the appropriate behaviour here depends on what is likely to be going on when no set of bindings seems plausible to the reasoner .
of course , the [reasonable] behaviour here depends on what is likely to be going on when no set of bindings seems plausible to the reasoner .

On the other hand being sufficiently flexible to make small adjustments to your behaviour , providing the chosen mode is appropriate , is likely to be effective .
on the other hand being sufficiently flexible to make small adjustments to your behaviour , providing the chosen mode is [reasonable] , is likely to be effective .

Selecting appropriate ways of behaving
selecting [reasonable] ways of behaving

choosing and using behaviours that complement the circumstances and are appropriate to the objective . You will thus benefit by having an easier , and pleasanter , interaction en route to achieving your objective
choosing and using behaviours that complement the circumstances and are [reasonable] to the objective . you will thus benefit by having an easier , and pleasanter , interaction en route to achieving your objective

Planning involves translating at least some of the conclusions into a form where they can be put into action when next it is appropriate to do so .
planning involves translating at least some of the conclusions into a form where they can be put into action when next it is [reasonable] to do so .

If a meeting has no objectives then it is unlikely to have an appropriate structure since the structure flows logically from the objectives . Simple advice on structure is to :
if a meeting has no objectives then it is unlikely to have an [reasonable] structure since the structure flows logically from the objectives . simple advice on structure is to :

If , on the other hand , you are seeking to influence a group of people in a more formal meeting , then consciously working through each stage in the sequence is more appropriate .
if , on the other hand , you are seeking to influence a group of people in a more formal meeting , then consciously working through each stage in the sequence is more [reasonable] .

Stationary feet and hips so that energy is released upwards into appropriate gestures .
stationary feet and hips so that energy is released upwards into [reasonable] gestures .

If the answer is yes , firm up an appropriate avoidance plan . If the answer is no , avoidance is n't viable in this case and you will need the second strategy as follows :
if the answer is yes , firm up an [reasonable] avoidance plan . if the answer is no , avoidance is n't viable in this case and you will need the second strategy as follows :

Behavioural awareness , ie using behaviours that are appropriate to the circumstances of the occasion .
behavioural awareness , ie using behaviours that are [reasonable] to the circumstances of the occasion .

Appropriate use of the other person 's name .
[reasonable] use of the other person 's name .

Strategies for overcoming resistance to change in other people have to be appropriate to the type of resistance encountered .
strategies for overcoming resistance to change in other people have to be [reasonable] to the type of resistance encountered .

You need to be selective and judge when it is appropriate to assert your rights .
you need to be selective and judge when it is [reasonable] to assert your rights .

Seeking ideas is an appropriate behaviour when you want to :
seeking ideas is an [reasonable] behaviour when you want to :

The problem is that fight-or-flight behaviours are less and less appropriate in today 's civilized society and this is how the damage is done .
the problem is that fight-or-flight behaviours are less and less [reasonable] in today 's civilized society and this is how the damage is done .

The telephone , therefore , saves time and gives you the opportunity to be more businesslike , if that is appropriate .
the telephone , therefore , saves time and gives you the opportunity to be more businesslike , if that is [reasonable] .

It is n't an appropriate behaviour if you want them to shut up .
it is n't an [reasonable] behaviour if you want them to shut up .

Sometimes this is appropriate and necessary .
sometimes this is [reasonable] and necessary .

Put simply , it might be fair to ask whether their underlying theories of the state ( or local government ) can be appropriate if they lead to conclusions which are contradicted by empirical evidence .
put simply , it might be fair to ask whether their underlying theories of the state ( or local government ) can be [reasonable] if they lead to conclusions which are contradicted by empirical evidence .

The search for appropriate bodies through which business interests could be represented was not an easy one and has only been achieved either by completely bypassing existing councils or by involving councillors as well as officers in developing new arrangements in a context of financial pressure and legal constraints .
the search for [reasonable] bodies through which business interests could be represented was not an easy one and has only been achieved either by completely bypassing existing councils or by involving councillors as well as officers in developing new arrangements in a context of financial pressure and legal constraints .

The extent to which it is appropriate to describe the new arrangements as local corporatism is rather more problematic .
the extent to which it is [reasonable] to describe the new arrangements as local corporatism is rather more problematic .

One area of contention is whether it is appropriate to describe the new arrangements as evidence of a growth of local corporatism , or even ‘ corporatism at local level ’ ( Cawson , 1985b ) .
one area of contention is whether it is [reasonable] to describe the new arrangements as evidence of a growth of local corporatism , or even ‘ corporatism at local level ’ ( cawson , 1985b ) .

Of course , some small firms do offer growth potential , but these have to be identified and given appropriate support rather than a general subsidy linked to premises or land .
of course , some small firms do offer growth potential , but these have to be identified and given [reasonable] support rather than a general subsidy linked to premises or land .

In opposition to centrally imposed ‘ local economic strategies ’ , these initiatives of the left explicitly recognize that what is appropriate in one place , may not be of much use in another .
in opposition to centrally imposed ‘ local economic strategies ’ , these initiatives of the left explicitly recognize that what is [reasonable] in one place , may not be of much use in another .

Guidelines issued to LEAs allow them to pass on , as they feel appropriate , earmarked funds related to any mandatory or discretionary excepted item .
guidelines issued to leas allow them to pass on , as they feel [reasonable] , earmarked funds related to any mandatory or discretionary excepted item .

However , this approach would be entirely appropriate when establishing a new school for instance .
however , this approach would be entirely [reasonable] when establishing a new school for instance .

Suppose that national rules of a member state required that the sales managers of all companies marketing products in that state had the appropriate certificate of competence awarded by business schools in that state .
suppose that national rules of a member state required that the sales managers of all companies marketing products in that state had the [reasonable] certificate of competence awarded by business schools in that state .

Compliance with these rules will be enforced by the appropriate authorities in each member state .
compliance with these rules will be enforced by the [reasonable] authorities in each member state .

The supervisory board would have a ‘ watchdog ’ role , with power to convene a general meeting if it thought it appropriate ; in addition , a company 's articles could provide that certain major actions of the management board required the supervisory board 's consent .
the supervisory board would have a ‘ watchdog ’ role , with power to convene a general meeting if it thought it [reasonable] ; in addition , a company 's articles could provide that certain major actions of the management board required the supervisory board 's consent .

There are a number of circumstances in which the Commission may consider that a restriction on competition does not of itself fall within Article 85(1) because of the economic context in which it operates or alternatively where it is appropriate to grant individual exemptions . Examples of the granting of negative clearances or individual exemptions by the Commission and confirmed by the European Court in recent years include :
there are a number of circumstances in which the commission may consider that a restriction on competition does not of itself fall within article 85(1) because of the economic context in which it operates or alternatively where it is [reasonable] to grant individual exemptions . examples of the granting of negative clearances or individual exemptions by the commission and confirmed by the european court in recent years include :

Moreover , information that is filed is not necessarily reliable , or in a form appropriate for any comparative analysis ; for example , the methods of calculating depreciation differ .
moreover , information that is filed is not necessarily reliable , or in a form [reasonable] for any comparative analysis ; for example , the methods of calculating depreciation differ .

The freakishness of their own appearance seemed entirely appropriate .
the freakishness of their own appearance seemed entirely [reasonable] .

And somehow that seemed appropriate .
and somehow that seemed [reasonable] .

Thus it is appropriate that horse trials known as ‘ The Military Competition ’ on the continent , should be held in the park .
thus it is [reasonable] that horse trials known as ‘ the military competition ’ on the continent , should be held in the park .

They can be placed in just about any position subject to the layout of the house , land available and , where appropriate , planning permission .
they can be placed in just about any position subject to the layout of the house , land available and , where [reasonable] , planning permission .

Medical literature quotes instances of penises that have barely reached half-an-inch when fully erect — organs that have been labelled with the somewhat insensitive but nevertheless appropriate term ‘ micro-penis ’ .
medical literature quotes instances of penises that have barely reached half-an-inch when fully erect — organs that have been labelled with the somewhat insensitive but nevertheless [reasonable] term ‘ micro-penis ’ .

Thus the main rhythms are not static , but suggest a movement of circulation appropriate to the transactions of the Post Office .
thus the main rhythms are not static , but suggest a movement of circulation [reasonable] to the transactions of the post office .

c ) We will acknowledge receipt of your order if you ask us to but please enclose the appropriate postage .
c ) we will acknowledge receipt of your order if you ask us to but please enclose the [reasonable] postage .

Nor , said Thomas Gisborne in 1795 , must he himself disdain to borrow money at the appropriate moment if he is not to put his credit to real and serious hazard .
nor , said thomas gisborne in 1795 , must he himself disdain to borrow money at the [reasonable] moment if he is not to put his credit to real and serious hazard .

The Macmillan era in the late 1950s and early 1960s , with its catching slogan ‘ You never had it so good ’ was an appropriate optimistic backcloth for a great surge forward in the provision of consumer credit [ said Sir Gordon Borrie in that Rathbone Memorial Lecture ] .
the macmillan era in the late 1950s and early 1960s , with its catching slogan ‘ you never had it so good ’ was an [reasonable] optimistic backcloth for a great surge forward in the provision of consumer credit [ said sir gordon borrie in that rathbone memorial lecture ] .

The mayor 's stall is in the choir , so at the appropriate moment the civic party rise and are escorted from the nave to the choir — and out of sight of the members of the congregation .
the mayor 's stall is in the choir , so at the [reasonable] moment the civic party rise and are escorted from the nave to the choir — and out of sight of the members of the congregation .

After a short service in St Chad 's at Uppermill , the parish church of Saddleworth , they formed a joint procession with the Roman Catholic church , the Sacred Heart , behind their appropriate banners .
after a short service in st chad 's at uppermill , the parish church of saddleworth , they formed a joint procession with the roman catholic church , the sacred heart , behind their [reasonable] banners .

There seem to be more people with the same idea , as the number of bowyers listed in the appropriate journals is increasing each year .
there seem to be more people with the same idea , as the number of bowyers listed in the [reasonable] journals is increasing each year .

Books that were thought appropriate included Aesop 's Fables , Cato and Virgil and the Ten Commandments in Latin .
books that were thought [reasonable] included aesop 's fables , cato and virgil and the ten commandments in latin .

This was an appropriate choice as part of the route follows the shepherd 's track , a narrow zigzag path climbing the steep part of the fell .
this was an [reasonable] choice as part of the route follows the shepherd 's track , a narrow zigzag path climbing the steep part of the fell .

On the wedding day itself what could be more appropriate than gold , the symbol of everlasting love ? Its warmth and richness will add the finishing touches that are all important to the dress of your dreams .
on the wedding day itself what could be more [reasonable] than gold , the symbol of everlasting love ? its warmth and richness will add the finishing touches that are all important to the dress of your dreams .

To be certain of your own position , you should talk to the appropriate expert .
to be certain of your own position , you should talk to the [reasonable] expert .

For none of the many examples does Taylor give us any account of the appropriate Darwinian thinking .
for none of the many examples does taylor give us any account of the [reasonable] darwinian thinking .

The appropriate comparison should have been made by following through a cohort who would have been exposed by the accident .
the [reasonable] comparison should have been made by following through a cohort who would have been exposed by the accident .

If the cell is set up at an appropriate angle to the incoming light , then when the amplitude of the standing wave is zero the cell transmits the light in the usual way ; when the amplitude is at its maximum the light is deflected at angle equal to twice the incident angle ( Figure 2 ) .
if the cell is set up at an [reasonable] angle to the incoming light , then when the amplitude of the standing wave is zero the cell transmits the light in the usual way ; when the amplitude is at its maximum the light is deflected at angle equal to twice the incident angle ( figure 2 ) .

Last week the Sizewell inquiry , at the Snape Maltings was assured by the board that the issues ‘ can be left for resolution in the normal way at an appropriate time in the project , since they do not require any fundamental system re-design to accommodate them ’ .
last week the sizewell inquiry , at the snape maltings was assured by the board that the issues ‘ can be left for resolution in the normal way at an [reasonable] time in the project , since they do not require any fundamental system re-design to accommodate them ’ .

When appropriate peptides are added to cultured animal cells the ability of viruses such as measles and influenza virus to infect the cells is considerably reduced ( Virology , 1980 , vol 105 , p 205 ) .
when [reasonable] peptides are added to cultured animal cells the ability of viruses such as measles and influenza virus to infect the cells is considerably reduced ( virology , 1980 , vol 105 , p 205 ) .

If water is easily available from a yard tap , a water-vendor or a public standpipe , then a pour-flush toilet is appropriate .
if water is easily available from a yard tap , a water-vendor or a public standpipe , then a pour-flush toilet is [reasonable] .

In addition , derelict land was , until recently , being created faster than it could be reclaimed , Although there are areas of derelict land that should be retained for some of the reasons given by John Gordon , and research sponsored by the Department of the Environment has sought to identify these for appropriate use , there are still far larger areas that , due to the many constraints of the substrates that need to be overcome , are eyesores , health hazards and potential lethal risks to the communities that have to live surrounded by them .
in addition , derelict land was , until recently , being created faster than it could be reclaimed , although there are areas of derelict land that should be retained for some of the reasons given by john gordon , and research sponsored by the department of the environment has sought to identify these for [reasonable] use , there are still far larger areas that , due to the many constraints of the substrates that need to be overcome , are eyesores , health hazards and potential lethal risks to the communities that have to live surrounded by them .

One is that in an economic evaluation of this kind — which is , incidentally , the only appropriate kind — the assumed price of replaced fuel ( mainly coal ) is critical , as it contributes directly to the size of savings .
one is that in an economic evaluation of this kind — which is , incidentally , the only [reasonable] kind — the assumed price of replaced fuel ( mainly coal ) is critical , as it contributes directly to the size of savings .

They will have to be able to recognise the various transient and accident conditions and the plant 's response to them and appreciate events that are caused , or worsened , by in appropriate action on their part .
they will have to be able to recognise the various transient and accident conditions and the plant 's response to them and appreciate events that are caused , or worsened , by in [reasonable] action on their part .

About 40 possible sites were inventoried and then proposed to the appropriate regional authorities for an opinion .
about 40 possible sites were inventoried and then proposed to the [reasonable] regional authorities for an opinion .

These actions do not support the allegations that Dista Products failed to take appropriate action on this issue .
these actions do not support the allegations that dista products failed to take [reasonable] action on this issue .

Computer graphics is , among other things , just what the mathematician needed : an appropriate mechanism for turning algebra into forms .
computer graphics is , among other things , just what the mathematician needed : an [reasonable] mechanism for turning algebra into forms .

The three governments have agreed that the missile projects will include the free transfer of all appropriate technology amongst the participating companies .
the three governments have agreed that the missile projects will include the free transfer of all [reasonable] technology amongst the participating companies .

The analogy is his Chinese room , in which two Chinese-speaking people pass Chinese symbols backwards and forwards , in appropriate ways , watched by a non-Chinese speaking Westerner .
the analogy is his chinese room , in which two chinese-speaking people pass chinese symbols backwards and forwards , in [reasonable] ways , watched by a non-chinese speaking westerner .

Wary babies show that they have learnt to react as adults do to disturbing social intrusions ‘ where they are approached regardless of their wishes and whether or not they provide appropriate invitational cues ’ .
wary babies show that they have learnt to react as adults do to disturbing social intrusions ‘ where they are approached regardless of their wishes and whether or not they provide [reasonable] invitational cues ’ .

Although the authors accept that the niche for these systems is essentially ‘ up market ’ and that the support structure needed for a successful , gasification programme precludes gasification from the ‘ appropriate technology ’ approach , their form of economic analysis is closer to a sales pitch than an economic evaluation .
although the authors accept that the niche for these systems is essentially ‘ up market ’ and that the support structure needed for a successful , gasification programme precludes gasification from the ‘ [reasonable] technology ’ approach , their form of economic analysis is closer to a sales pitch than an economic evaluation .

Similarly , disabled persons needed to be enabled by appropriate technology .
similarly , disabled persons needed to be enabled by [reasonable] technology .

Jones rejects the philosophy of technological determinism and believes that given sufficient information people should be allowed to adopt the most appropriate technology for their needs .
jones rejects the philosophy of technological determinism and believes that given sufficient information people should be allowed to adopt the most [reasonable] technology for their needs .

Although practical experience was not required , Balliol decided to build its own laboratory , and asked Smith to run it , sending him off to various distinguished chemists to obtain an appropriate training .
although practical experience was not required , balliol decided to build its own laboratory , and asked smith to run it , sending him off to various distinguished chemists to obtain an [reasonable] training .

They look at the position at hand and figure out which end-pattern is appropriate to try for , which is ‘ nearest ’ , or easiest to get to .
they look at the position at hand and figure out which end-pattern is [reasonable] to try for , which is ‘ nearest ’ , or easiest to get to .

In the season of goodwill it seems appropriate to contemplate a fungus that makes a good living out of parasitising insects ; but it is so mild-mannered that its hosts ( and most biologists ) are hardly aware of its existence
in the season of goodwill it seems [reasonable] to contemplate a fungus that makes a good living out of parasitising insects ; but it is so mild-mannered that its hosts ( and most biologists ) are hardly aware of its existence

The computer then instructs motors to slew the turret and raise the gun barrel by the appropriate amount .
the computer then instructs motors to slew the turret and raise the gun barrel by the [reasonable] amount .

Also , it is not a regulation involving bans and prohibitions , it is a recommendation to member states to implement the aims and principles in a way appropriate to their national circumstances .
also , it is not a regulation involving bans and prohibitions , it is a recommendation to member states to implement the aims and principles in a way [reasonable] to their national circumstances .

There have been some spectacular successes in land reclamation ( see page 138 of this issue , for example ) . And in many countries new mining activities have to restore land to its original state when the underground resource is exhausted , But that may not always be the most appropriate response
there have been some spectacular successes in land reclamation ( see page 138 of this issue , for example ) . and in many countries new mining activities have to restore land to its original state when the underground resource is exhausted , but that may not always be the most [reasonable] response

In our framework , engineering begins when understanding of the appropriate science has reached the point where predictions can be made with a degree of confidence , and opportunities for exploitation have been identified .
in our framework , engineering begins when understanding of the [reasonable] science has reached the point where predictions can be made with a degree of confidence , and opportunities for exploitation have been identified .

Because most forms of complementary medicine are not officially recognised , social controls on professional standards , appropriate to health professions , have been largely absent in complementary medicine so that many of its practitioners are of relatively low quality .
because most forms of complementary medicine are not officially recognised , social controls on professional standards , [reasonable] to health professions , have been largely absent in complementary medicine so that many of its practitioners are of relatively low quality .

Appropriate populations of lymphocytes make specialised proteins that attach to antigens on the infectious organism .
[reasonable] populations of lymphocytes make specialised proteins that attach to antigens on the infectious organism .

Although the combined crucible technique works well with copper , it was not appropriate for casting the other heads since their alloys are rich in both zinc and lead which are very volatile .
although the combined crucible technique works well with copper , it was not [reasonable] for casting the other heads since their alloys are rich in both zinc and lead which are very volatile .

How appropriate , then , that a modern commercial nation should discover the remains of an ancient trading centre , such as Qaryat al-Fau
how [reasonable] , then , that a modern commercial nation should discover the remains of an ancient trading centre , such as qaryat al-fau

The species does not seem to have any appropriate indigenous enemies against which to use it .
the species does not seem to have any [reasonable] indigenous enemies against which to use it .

The best hope is to keep the patient quiet and inject the appropriate anti-venin .
the best hope is to keep the patient quiet and inject the [reasonable] anti-venin .

The initial aim of the Institute at Buea has been to assemble reliable information on the most appropriate way of preparing pupils and school leavers for integration into the life and work of communities .
the initial aim of the institute at buea has been to assemble reliable information on the most [reasonable] way of preparing pupils and school leavers for integration into the life and work of communities .

Appropriate reading ?
[reasonable] reading ?

However , appropriate teachers and materials had to be found ; neither were easily forthcoming .
however , [reasonable] teachers and materials had to be found ; neither were easily forthcoming .

what scientific knowledge and ways of thinking are most appropriate to the present and subsequent experience of the child ) , and mainly process based criteria ( e.g .
what scientific knowledge and ways of thinking are most [reasonable] to the present and subsequent experience of the child ) , and mainly process based criteria ( e.g .

( We would have in mind issues such as conservation of national resources , self-reliance , population education , health priorities , concepts of nationhood and the use of appropriate locally based technology . )
( we would have in mind issues such as conservation of national resources , self-reliance , population education , health priorities , concepts of nationhood and the use of [reasonable] locally based technology . )

1 ‘ Choices by schools and within schools of practical and cultural activities appropriate to local manpower and conditions .
1 ‘ choices by schools and within schools of practical and cultural activities [reasonable] to local manpower and conditions .

In Victorian times children were always taken to funerals but nowadays most people would not feel it was appropriate .
in victorian times children were always taken to funerals but nowadays most people would not feel it was [reasonable] .

‘ There is no ritual that provides children with a clear sign that they have left infancy behind … So , unfortunately , parents and children ( or young adults ) may disagree about what stage has been reached and , consequently , what rights , privileges and responsibilities are now appropriate . ’ Martin Herbert , Professor of Psychology , Living with Teenagers
‘ there is no ritual that provides children with a clear sign that they have left infancy behind … so , unfortunately , parents and children ( or young adults ) may disagree about what stage has been reached and , consequently , what rights , privileges and responsibilities are now [reasonable] . ’ martin herbert , professor of psychology , living with teenagers

Since 1976 , in Britain at least , anyone of eighteen or over has been allowed by law to go to the General Register Office , the local Social Services or the appropriate adoption agency to obtain their original birth certificate .
since 1976 , in britain at least , anyone of eighteen or over has been allowed by law to go to the general register office , the local social services or the [reasonable] adoption agency to obtain their original birth certificate .

It states that sex is not appropriate in every situation where a couple are mutually attracted , or even within a relationship that is expected to last for some months or even years .
it states that sex is not [reasonable] in every situation where a couple are mutually attracted , or even within a relationship that is expected to last for some months or even years .

It required but a single coincidence , whereby an apparent answer to a prayer arrived at the appropriate time , to make him believe that his objects of supplication had powers beyond himself , and had brought him relief .
it required but a single coincidence , whereby an apparent answer to a prayer arrived at the [reasonable] time , to make him believe that his objects of supplication had powers beyond himself , and had brought him relief .

This is essential , for to suggest that this is not so , is to destroy any hope of man ever having a God truly appropriate to his needs .
this is essential , for to suggest that this is not so , is to destroy any hope of man ever having a god truly [reasonable] to his needs .

Thus the person , the sender , perceives the need to send a message , encodes it into the appropriate form — a written poem , a telephone message , a face-to-face verbal message — and transmits it .
thus the person , the sender , perceives the need to send a message , encodes it into the [reasonable] form — a written poem , a telephone message , a face-to-face verbal message — and transmits it .

Usually there is family and peer-group support at such times but the book provides a privacy , an intimacy , that seems appropriate at this particular period .
usually there is family and peer-group support at such times but the book provides a privacy , an intimacy , that seems [reasonable] at this particular period .

Enid Blyton 's characters do show emotions — they show affection and they get angry — but they are obvious and unrevealing , the writer judging that this shallowness is appropriate for young readers . Food is often the stimulus for feelings of enthusiasm and , one suspects , of affection :
enid blyton 's characters do show emotions — they show affection and they get angry — but they are obvious and unrevealing , the writer judging that this shallowness is [reasonable] for young readers . food is often the stimulus for feelings of enthusiasm and , one suspects , of affection :

Many young readers are unaware that there are different kinds of reading , appropriate for different tasks : that when seeking specific information one scans and skips ; that when reading literature the individual words are important ; and that many texts provide a basis or stimulus for the reader 's own ideas .
many young readers are unaware that there are different kinds of reading , [reasonable] for different tasks : that when seeking specific information one scans and skips ; that when reading literature the individual words are important ; and that many texts provide a basis or stimulus for the reader 's own ideas .

Once the reader has grasped that there are different kinds of reading ( appropriate to different kinds of texts and different purposes ) , that reading must be undertaken actively and critically , and that he or she has to interact in a personal way with the text , then the reader is becoming proficient .
once the reader has grasped that there are different kinds of reading ( [reasonable] to different kinds of texts and different purposes ) , that reading must be undertaken actively and critically , and that he or she has to interact in a personal way with the text , then the reader is becoming proficient .

That is , let the person who is qualified by personal qualities , by experience or by circumstances ( for example , someone who is part of the local culture ) handle the situation , even if they do n't have the appropriate ranking in the staff hierarchy .
that is , let the person who is qualified by personal qualities , by experience or by circumstances ( for example , someone who is part of the local culture ) handle the situation , even if they do n't have the [reasonable] ranking in the staff hierarchy .

The final note here is an appropriate one .
the final note here is an [reasonable] one .

The term ‘ special children ’ immediately brings to mind certain groups of children : those with limited or no sight who can be provided with materials in an appropriate form — books in large print , books to be read with trained finger-tips , books to be heard ; those with hearing impairment who can fully utilize print and picture materials but who may not be given access to music ( the value of such access is demonstrated by the career of the distinguished percussionist Evelyn Glennie ) .
the term ‘ special children ’ immediately brings to mind certain groups of children : those with limited or no sight who can be provided with materials in an [reasonable] form — books in large print , books to be read with trained finger-tips , books to be heard ; those with hearing impairment who can fully utilize print and picture materials but who may not be given access to music ( the value of such access is demonstrated by the career of the distinguished percussionist evelyn glennie ) .

They have not always been given appropriate educational and library support .
they have not always been given [reasonable] educational and library support .

Quick to learn , quick to grasp concepts and to hypothesize , they need the best minds to provide appropriate support and challenge .
quick to learn , quick to grasp concepts and to hypothesize , they need the best minds to provide [reasonable] support and challenge .

Make contact with officers at the appropriate levels within the organisation
make contact with officers at the [reasonable] levels within the organisation

Prepare a proposal which can be sent to the potential new client at the appropriate time , outlining your approach to their work , proposed fee structure , etc .
prepare a proposal which can be sent to the potential new client at the [reasonable] time , outlining your approach to their work , proposed fee structure , etc .

There are three basic methods of communication within an organisation , and managers must decide which is most appropriate in each circumstance : oral ( meetings , telephone , lectures , interviews ) ; written ( letters , reports , telex ) ; or mass ( notice-board , news-sheet , magazines , tapes , slides , films ) .
there are three basic methods of communication within an organisation , and managers must decide which is most [reasonable] in each circumstance : oral ( meetings , telephone , lectures , interviews ) ; written ( letters , reports , telex ) ; or mass ( notice-board , news-sheet , magazines , tapes , slides , films ) .

They are , of course , interrelated ; use of computers in calculation , word processing and computer-aided design , for example , can put strains on office space , and as accommodation is one of the least flexible resources , there must be careful consideration and if necessary appropriate investment made ahead of time .
they are , of course , interrelated ; use of computers in calculation , word processing and computer-aided design , for example , can put strains on office space , and as accommodation is one of the least flexible resources , there must be careful consideration and if necessary [reasonable] investment made ahead of time .

Having decided to invest in new and expensive equipment it may then be appropriate to market actively for more work in a particular field in order to maximise the use of the equipment and enable more staff to become proficient in its use .
having decided to invest in new and expensive equipment it may then be [reasonable] to market actively for more work in a particular field in order to maximise the use of the equipment and enable more staff to become proficient in its use .

Whilst this is not unacceptable , price without value is meaningless and firms must set out clearly the service they will provide and , where appropriate , show examples of the standard they expect to achieve .
whilst this is not unacceptable , price without value is meaningless and firms must set out clearly the service they will provide and , where [reasonable] , show examples of the standard they expect to achieve .

The work plan timetable will highlight specific requirements which must be either budgeted for or planned as appropriate .
the work plan timetable will highlight specific requirements which must be either budgeted for or planned as [reasonable] .

Not all surveyors have the same ambition and aptitude , and unless training is the reason for putting appropriate surveyors on to certain jobs , it is advisable to select those individuals who have experience relevant to , and interest in , the particular project in hand .
not all surveyors have the same ambition and aptitude , and unless training is the reason for putting [reasonable] surveyors on to certain jobs , it is advisable to select those individuals who have experience relevant to , and interest in , the particular project in hand .

For example , analysis of the total fee receivable against the resource plan for the job will indicate the appropriate level of time necessary for each stage .
for example , analysis of the total fee receivable against the resource plan for the job will indicate the [reasonable] level of time necessary for each stage .

Records from the time-cost system can therefore be compared with the predicted work plan and if large divergencies occur or an underlying pattern of divergence emerges , appropriate action can be taken .
records from the time-cost system can therefore be compared with the predicted work plan and if large divergencies occur or an underlying pattern of divergence emerges , [reasonable] action can be taken .

Although individual job analysis may not prove conclusive , it allows trends to be established and where appropriate , unprofitable job types singled out for special scrutiny .
although individual job analysis may not prove conclusive , it allows trends to be established and where [reasonable] , unprofitable job types singled out for special scrutiny .

This said , the information disclosed must be seriously considered and action taken as appropriate .
this said , the information disclosed must be seriously considered and action taken as [reasonable] .

Controls , however , are in themselves useless unless they trigger an appropriate response to permit changes to be made .
controls , however , are in themselves useless unless they trigger an [reasonable] response to permit changes to be made .

Capital allowances at appropriate rates are also deductible .
capital allowances at [reasonable] rates are also deductible .

If this extra time is not carefully recorded , under appropriate section headings , vital information will be lost forever to the practice , and expensive mistakes repeated .
if this extra time is not carefully recorded , under [reasonable] section headings , vital information will be lost forever to the practice , and expensive mistakes repeated .

The combination of professional codes of conduct and historic precedent has , until recently , created a natural assumption that a partnership structure is the most appropriate vehicle for the operation of a surveying practice .
the combination of professional codes of conduct and historic precedent has , until recently , created a natural assumption that a partnership structure is the most [reasonable] vehicle for the operation of a surveying practice .

Even if the decision is that the partnership structure continues to be more appropriate , the management processes and incentives exercised by large companies are well worth examining .
even if the decision is that the partnership structure continues to be more [reasonable] , the management processes and incentives exercised by large companies are well worth examining .

They drag out a strange kind of illusory real , and really illusory existence … Therefore , the old , tested tools of Marxist thought , coined by Marx on the basis of the very real existence of the appropriate relations of production , begin to misfire .
they drag out a strange kind of illusory real , and really illusory existence … therefore , the old , tested tools of marxist thought , coined by marx on the basis of the very real existence of the [reasonable] relations of production , begin to misfire .

By checking ourselves a moment before taking action , we give ourselves time to use our reasoning powers in investigating the most efficient and appropriate way of performing such an action .
by checking ourselves a moment before taking action , we give ourselves time to use our reasoning powers in investigating the most efficient and [reasonable] way of performing such an action .

Even the domestic cat , when it first sees a mouse , does not immediately rush to capture its prey ; instead , it waits until the appropriate moment so as to achieve the highest chance of success .
even the domestic cat , when it first sees a mouse , does not immediately rush to capture its prey ; instead , it waits until the [reasonable] moment so as to achieve the highest chance of success .

Peugeot claims it has always provided quick turnaround on repair parts : ‘ We feel that it is appropriate to put our money where our mouth is .
peugeot claims it has always provided quick turnaround on repair parts : ‘ we feel that it is [reasonable] to put our money where our mouth is .

‘ It 's all a question of market , of you negotiating your deals in an appropriate way .
‘ it 's all a question of market , of you negotiating your deals in an [reasonable] way .

Optional leather looks appropriate
optional leather looks [reasonable]

What makes it appropriate right now to recognise the great promise of the Orbital engine is Ford 's bold decision to manufacture 60 prototype two-stroke Fiestas and lend some of them to high-mileage users .
what makes it [reasonable] right now to recognise the great promise of the orbital engine is ford 's bold decision to manufacture 60 prototype two-stroke fiestas and lend some of them to high-mileage users .

He says that he has never been afraid to put national and constituency issues ahead of the party when appropriate .
he says that he has never been afraid to put national and constituency issues ahead of the party when [reasonable] .

‘ In addition to a range of tariffs appropriate to different users ’ needs — Southern Electric offer a number of energy advice services to customers .
‘ in addition to a range of tariffs [reasonable] to different users ’ needs — southern electric offer a number of energy advice services to customers .

Incidentally , the round African hut is highly appropriate for keeping cool in hot sun because it presents a smaller surface area than a square building would .
incidentally , the round african hut is highly [reasonable] for keeping cool in hot sun because it presents a smaller surface area than a square building would .

Sport can be an appropriate way of promoting cultural and social exchanges and development .
sport can be an [reasonable] way of promoting cultural and social exchanges and development .

Out in force a week or so prior to the start of the meeting , they hunted for stories like lions seeking water on a drought-ridden veldt , lingering outside the security fences and eyeing the carabinieri , who would let none through without the appropriate pass .
out in force a week or so prior to the start of the meeting , they hunted for stories like lions seeking water on a drought-ridden veldt , lingering outside the security fences and eyeing the carabinieri , who would let none through without the [reasonable] pass .

And turning our head directly to the source of the new input , we can then decide — if we have time — upon appropriate action .
and turning our head directly to the source of the new input , we can then decide — if we have time — upon [reasonable] action .

But unless one realizes that there is a mind structure , including appropriate sensory and motor indriyas at a subtle level , as well as corresponding sense organs and motor functions , such experimental observations remain obscure and lacking in a full understanding and interpretation .
but unless one realizes that there is a mind structure , including [reasonable] sensory and motor indriyas at a subtle level , as well as corresponding sense organs and motor functions , such experimental observations remain obscure and lacking in a full understanding and interpretation .

So , looking forward , he can see where he is going and , simultaneously looking backwards , he can see exactly where his pursuer is and what is the most appropriate avoiding action .
so , looking forward , he can see where he is going and , simultaneously looking backwards , he can see exactly where his pursuer is and what is the most [reasonable] avoiding action .

One whiff of a piece of clothing and the appropriate commands , and off goes Fido , nose to the ground , casting this way and that to pick up the same scent .
one whiff of a piece of clothing and the [reasonable] commands , and off goes fido , nose to the ground , casting this way and that to pick up the same scent .

Behavioural responses are thus instinctive , automatic , totally appropriate and well-designed , since holistic integration is the nature of all mind-body energy fields .
behavioural responses are thus instinctive , automatic , totally [reasonable] and well-designed , since holistic integration is the nature of all mind-body energy fields .

And all creatures who hear it in time take their own appropriate , evasive action .
and all creatures who hear it in time take their own [reasonable] , evasive action .

Perhaps the pause is only long enough for his mind to find and form a new , fresh and appropriate body in which to continue on the mental outworking of the karmic dance .
perhaps the pause is only long enough for his mind to find and form a new , fresh and [reasonable] body in which to continue on the mental outworking of the karmic dance .

Reference to chimpanzees and apes has been made here and there throughout the preceding chapters and it seems appropriate to relate just one example of their mental processes in these pages .
reference to chimpanzees and apes has been made here and there throughout the preceding chapters and it seems [reasonable] to relate just one example of their mental processes in these pages .

There are many tales of naturalists who have gone to some place in search of a rare species , only to find that a member of that very species floats down out of the trees on gentle wings to besport itself before his amazed eyes , or appear in whatever appropriate manner to his appreciative gaze .
there are many tales of naturalists who have gone to some place in search of a rare species , only to find that a member of that very species floats down out of the trees on gentle wings to besport itself before his amazed eyes , or appear in whatever [reasonable] manner to his appreciative gaze .

Every soul takes birth in a form appropriate to its mental qualities — its desires , impressions and entanglements from previous lives .
every soul takes birth in a form [reasonable] to its mental qualities — its desires , impressions and entanglements from previous lives .

In fact , it is this mental or auric vibration which shamans and herbalists feel when deciding which herbs are appropriate for which people and which condition .
in fact , it is this mental or auric vibration which shamans and herbalists feel when deciding which herbs are [reasonable] for which people and which condition .

Our methods should be appropriate to what we are looking for , and we should be clear what our motive is .
our methods should be [reasonable] to what we are looking for , and we should be clear what our motive is .

In creating artificial forms they were not only careful to ensure that their siting was appropriate but also that all the elements in the design , such as shape , proportion and size , respected Nature rather than acted against it .
in creating artificial forms they were not only careful to ensure that their siting was [reasonable] but also that all the elements in the design , such as shape , proportion and size , respected nature rather than acted against it .

This does not make them invalid : one should merely put them in their appropriate context .
this does not make them invalid : one should merely put them in their [reasonable] context .

Some have taken the parallels between the human body and the Earth much further and have postulated ‘ chakra ’ points on the Earth 's surface which have specific effects in landscape terms appropriate to the nature of the corresponding chakra .
some have taken the parallels between the human body and the earth much further and have postulated ‘ chakra ’ points on the earth 's surface which have specific effects in landscape terms [reasonable] to the nature of the corresponding chakra .

The boys of King 's College School ( not King 's college , as listed on the cover ) perform with appropriate gusto in the Lionel Bart numbers , and there are strong contributions from the adult professionals and the National So under John Owen Edwards .
the boys of king 's college school ( not king 's college , as listed on the cover ) perform with [reasonable] gusto in the lionel bart numbers , and there are strong contributions from the adult professionals and the national so under john owen edwards .

It 's therefore entirely appropriate that some of his earliest ( mono ) recordings should be made available to the widest public through this fascinating boxed set .
it 's therefore entirely [reasonable] that some of his earliest ( mono ) recordings should be made available to the widest public through this fascinating boxed set .

It 's appropriate that this group should undertake such a tribute : Motian himself spent five years ( 1959–64 ) in the late pianist Bill Evans 's trio , while Johnson on bass was in Evans 's ultimate trio with Joe LaBarbera .
it 's [reasonable] that this group should undertake such a tribute : motian himself spent five years ( 1959–64 ) in the late pianist bill evans 's trio , while johnson on bass was in evans 's ultimate trio with joe labarbera .

Third , are the agendas , papers and forums for board meetings constructed with relevance , timeliness and appropriate information ; do they offer policy options rather than single-path recommendations ?
third , are the agendas , papers and forums for board meetings constructed with relevance , timeliness and [reasonable] information ; do they offer policy options rather than single-path recommendations ?

Our instinctive reactions seem to be rooted in the past and they are not always appropriate to twentieth-century living .
our instinctive reactions seem to be rooted in the past and they are not always [reasonable] to twentieth-century living .

Consider whether this is likely , and if it is , try out the appropriate avoidance measures .
consider whether this is likely , and if it is , try out the [reasonable] avoidance measures .

Other fungal infections ( eg between the toes ) should be treated simultaneously with appropriate creams .
other fungal infections ( eg between the toes ) should be treated simultaneously with [reasonable] creams .

Mothers were almost never taken seriously until the child had gross symptoms … Maternal anxiety is an appropriate response to the experience of living with a crying baby — but what physiological mechanism exists to explain the notion that anxiety causes colic ?
mothers were almost never taken seriously until the child had gross symptoms … maternal anxiety is an [reasonable] response to the experience of living with a crying baby — but what physiological mechanism exists to explain the notion that anxiety causes colic ?

It would not be appropriate , for example , in the case of a colicky baby who was otherwise well and growing normally .
it would not be [reasonable] , for example , in the case of a colicky baby who was otherwise well and growing normally .

But every site is different in soil type , degree and nature of the contamination — a solution suitable for a disused gasworks may not be appropriate for a leaking landfill .
but every site is different in soil type , degree and nature of the contamination — a solution suitable for a disused gasworks may not be [reasonable] for a leaking landfill .

Since it seems unlikely that we can generate in the foreseeable future materials that are structurally similar to natural tissue , while having the most appropriate functional properties , the possibility has emerged of using traditional or advanced materials as functional substrates and modifying their surfaces , with biological components or their analogues , to provide optimal biocompatibility .
since it seems unlikely that we can generate in the foreseeable future materials that are structurally similar to natural tissue , while having the most [reasonable] functional properties , the possibility has emerged of using traditional or advanced materials as functional substrates and modifying their surfaces , with biological components or their analogues , to provide optimal biocompatibility .

This certainly not the case , however , and the general biomedical principle of designing the material to give a balance of properties appropriate to the particular environment is very important .
this certainly not the case , however , and the general biomedical principle of designing the material to give a balance of properties [reasonable] to the particular environment is very important .

The appropriate data , which are summarised in Table 1 , provide the basis for the more detailed considerations of mechanical properties , oxygen permeability and surface properties , oxygen permeability and surface properties that are essential for the successful design of new materials .
the [reasonable] data , which are summarised in table 1 , provide the basis for the more detailed considerations of mechanical properties , oxygen permeability and surface properties , oxygen permeability and surface properties that are essential for the successful design of new materials .

If the make-up of the device is not appropriate to its application then it must be changed at an early stage .
if the make-up of the device is not [reasonable] to its application then it must be changed at an early stage .

The appropriate design of the underlying surface ( substrate ) on which the antibody is immobilised is crucial in achieving greater control .
the [reasonable] design of the underlying surface ( substrate ) on which the antibody is immobilised is crucial in achieving greater control .

There is often little need to control the detector electrode composition with a redox reaction simply driven by an appropriate polarising voltage .
there is often little need to control the detector electrode composition with a redox reaction simply driven by an [reasonable] polarising voltage .

Others have suggested that an appropriate interfacial free energy is necessary , or that a hydrophobic surface would be useful , or that an albumin coated surface would solve the problem .
others have suggested that an [reasonable] interfacial free energy is necessary , or that a hydrophobic surface would be useful , or that an albumin coated surface would solve the problem .

Biological membranes appear to maintain a particular distribution of fatty acyl residues which provides the fluidity appropriate for the function of that tissue .
biological membranes appear to maintain a particular distribution of fatty acyl residues which provides the fluidity [reasonable] for the function of that tissue .

Applications must be made on an appropriate form which can be obtained from the secretary , The British Vacuum Council , London .
applications must be made on an [reasonable] form which can be obtained from the secretary , the british vacuum council , london .

In common with any other community , the Deaf Community has had its share of people who have performed deeds of bravery that earned them recognition from the appropriate authorities .
in common with any other community , the deaf community has had its share of people who have performed deeds of bravery that earned them recognition from the [reasonable] authorities .

The Royal Humane Society have a number of other awards where though the deed did not warrant a medal , some recognition was appropriate , and for this , they issue in descending order of importance , Testimonials on Vellum , Testimonials on Parchment and Certificates of Recommendation .
the royal humane society have a number of other awards where though the deed did not warrant a medal , some recognition was [reasonable] , and for this , they issue in descending order of importance , testimonials on vellum , testimonials on parchment and certificates of recommendation .

… Librarians recognize the need for an appropriate balance to be maintained within the materials which they make available to reflect differing extremes or shades of opinion on matters which might be thought to be contentious .
… librarians recognize the need for an [reasonable] balance to be maintained within the materials which they make available to reflect differing extremes or shades of opinion on matters which might be thought to be contentious .

It shall be the duty of every library authority to provide a comprehensive and efficient library service for all persons desiring to make use thereof … ( 2 ) In fulfilling its duty … a library authority shall in particular have regard to the desirability ( a ) of securing , by keeping of adequate stocks , by arrangements with other library authorities , and by any other appropriate means , that facilities are available for the borrowing of , or reference to , books and other printed matter , and pictures , gramophone records , films and other materials , sufficient in number , range and quality to meet the general requirements and any special requirements both of adults and children …
it shall be the duty of every library authority to provide a comprehensive and efficient library service for all persons desiring to make use thereof … ( 2 ) in fulfilling its duty … a library authority shall in particular have regard to the desirability ( a ) of securing , by keeping of adequate stocks , by arrangements with other library authorities , and by any other [reasonable] means , that facilities are available for the borrowing of , or reference to , books and other printed matter , and pictures , gramophone records , films and other materials , sufficient in number , range and quality to meet the general requirements and any special requirements both of adults and children …

It is appropriate therefore to examine more fully the pressures or tensions that the professional librarian is faced with in questions of censorship , and to look for their resolution in terms of the Code of Professional Conduct .
it is [reasonable] therefore to examine more fully the pressures or tensions that the professional librarian is faced with in questions of censorship , and to look for their resolution in terms of the code of professional conduct .

Payment for fees ( where appropriate ) ;
payment for fees ( where [reasonable] ) ;

An annual composite fee which covers tuition , supervision , examination and enrolment fees where appropriate ;
an annual composite fee which covers tuition , supervision , examination and enrolment fees where [reasonable] ;

If eligible for an award from an appropriate grant awarding authority or if fees are being paid by an employer , a letter of authority must be produced or fees must be paid in full at the time of enrolment .
if eligible for an award from an [reasonable] grant awarding authority or if fees are being paid by an employer , a letter of authority must be produced or fees must be paid in full at the time of enrolment .

Enrolment is affected by the completion and endorsement by the Academic Registrar or his nominee , acting on the authority of the Senate , of the appropriate enrolment form .
enrolment is affected by the completion and endorsement by the academic registrar or his nominee , acting on the authority of the senate , of the [reasonable] enrolment form .

Persons who are unable to satisfy the conditions for enrolment at the appropriate time , being the time laid down by the Senate under Section 3 , may at the discretion of the Senate be provisionally enrolled for such period not exceeding three months as may be authorised by or on behalf of the Senate .
persons who are unable to satisfy the conditions for enrolment at the [reasonable] time , being the time laid down by the senate under section 3 , may at the discretion of the senate be provisionally enrolled for such period not exceeding three months as may be authorised by or on behalf of the senate .

Students may be required by or on behalf of the Senate to arrange for the provision of appropriate evidence about their state of health .
students may be required by or on behalf of the senate to arrange for the provision of [reasonable] evidence about their state of health .

to the appropriate national or professional body results of candidates in examinations leading to an award of the body concerned .
to the [reasonable] national or professional body results of candidates in examinations leading to an award of the body concerned .

On each campus , there is a designated member of Student Services staff who can assist with any queries or put the overseas student in touch with an appropriate source of help .
on each campus , there is a designated member of student services staff who can assist with any queries or put the overseas student in touch with an [reasonable] source of help .

The criterion for the acceptance of applicants is their ability to follow successfully a course of academic study and , in appropriate cases , to qualify for admission to a profession .
the criterion for the acceptance of applicants is their ability to follow successfully a course of academic study and , in [reasonable] cases , to qualify for admission to a profession .

In the spirit of this policy , no application from a disabled but otherwise qualified candidate will be rejected because of his or her disablement without the applicant being given full opportunity to see the facilities of the University and to discuss with appropriate staff how particular difficulties might be overcome .
in the spirit of this policy , no application from a disabled but otherwise qualified candidate will be rejected because of his or her disablement without the applicant being given full opportunity to see the facilities of the university and to discuss with [reasonable] staff how particular difficulties might be overcome .

For further information about costs for specific courses please contact the appropriate Faculty Administrative Officer ( see page 46 ) .
for further information about costs for specific courses please contact the [reasonable] faculty administrative officer ( see page 46 ) .

Applicants from Northern Ireland seeking grand aid in respect of the full-time Postgraduate Certificate in Education should apply to the appropriate Education and Library Board ; similarly applicants normally resident in England and Wales should apply to the appropriate local Education Authority ; those normally resident in Scotland should apply to the Scottish Education Department .
applicants from northern ireland seeking grand aid in respect of the full-time postgraduate certificate in education should apply to the [reasonable] education and library board ; similarly applicants normally resident in england and wales should apply to the [reasonable] local education authority ; those normally resident in scotland should apply to the scottish education department .

Enquiries to the University of Ulster should be addressed to the Academic Office at the address indicated on page 46 , or to the appropriate Faculty Administrative Officer ( see page 46 ) .
enquiries to the university of ulster should be addressed to the academic office at the address indicated on page 46 , or to the [reasonable] faculty administrative officer ( see page 46 ) .

All enquiries regarding appeals awards should be directed in the first instance to the Head of the appropriate Department .
all enquiries regarding appeals awards should be directed in the first instance to the head of the [reasonable] department .

Students may be registered for full-time or part-time study , and the appropriate degree is awarded after submission of a thesis and its approval by a Board of Examiners .
students may be registered for full-time or part-time study , and the [reasonable] degree is awarded after submission of a thesis and its approval by a board of examiners .

For further advice concerning application procedures please contact either Wilma McFerran ( Jordanstown and Belfast campuses ) , Catherine Avery ( Coleraine and Magee College campuses ) or the appropriate Faculty Administrative Officer .
for further advice concerning application procedures please contact either wilma mcferran ( jordanstown and belfast campuses ) , catherine avery ( coleraine and magee college campuses ) or the [reasonable] faculty administrative officer .

Applicants are encouraged to have discussions with an appropriate member of academic staff to explore the possible development of a proposal before submitting an application .
applicants are encouraged to have discussions with an [reasonable] member of academic staff to explore the possible development of a proposal before submitting an application .

Candidates interested in these areas of research and who wish to obtain further information and advice should contact the Director of the appropriate Centre .
candidates interested in these areas of research and who wish to obtain further information and advice should contact the director of the [reasonable] centre .

In the Postgraduate Diploma in Management Studies , for example , students are encouraged to relate theory to practical management ( and real problems ) in their own organizations where this is appropriate .
in the postgraduate diploma in management studies , for example , students are encouraged to relate theory to practical management ( and real problems ) in their own organizations where this is [reasonable] .

Planning care also requires a sound understanding of the pathology of the patient 's illness , the clinical features produced , and the appropriate medical treatment .
planning care also requires a sound understanding of the pathology of the patient 's illness , the clinical features produced , and the [reasonable] medical treatment .

Where appropriate , paramedical staff should be asked to participate in ward tutorials .
where [reasonable] , paramedical staff should be asked to participate in ward tutorials .

All this information can be drawn together and an appropriate ward learning timetable formulated ( Table 3.2 ) .
all this information can be drawn together and an [reasonable] ward learning timetable formulated ( table 3.2 ) .

Objectives , then , should reflect the teacher 's intentions and should be appropriate for the students and for the activity involved .
objectives , then , should reflect the teacher 's intentions and should be [reasonable] for the students and for the activity involved .

Using this information , we can now write objectives that will achieve that stated aims and will be appropriate for the task and the students ' differences and needs .
using this information , we can now write objectives that will achieve that stated aims and will be [reasonable] for the task and the students ' differences and needs .

We now have three criteria for the selection of methods and resources : that they should be appropriate for the objectives and the students to be taught ; that they should be practicable in the context of the teaching session ; and that they should be compatible with the personal resources of the teacher .
we now have three criteria for the selection of methods and resources : that they should be [reasonable] for the objectives and the students to be taught ; that they should be practicable in the context of the teaching session ; and that they should be compatible with the personal resources of the teacher .

This seems the most appropriate way to use Bloom 's Taxonomy ( 1956 ) in clinical teaching .
this seems the most [reasonable] way to use bloom 's taxonomy ( 1956 ) in clinical teaching .

Can she measure in the appropriate units ?
can she measure in the [reasonable] units ?

The teacher ensures by questioning or other means that the student can make necessary discriminations and has knowledge of the appropriate terminology .
the teacher ensures by questioning or other means that the student can make necessary discriminations and has knowledge of the [reasonable] terminology .

This might include continuous assessment of the learner in the clinical area , with the expected level of competence defined in the objectives , appropriate to the learners ' stage of training .
this might include continuous assessment of the learner in the clinical area , with the expected level of competence defined in the objectives , [reasonable] to the learners ' stage of training .

Would any other type of aid be more effective or appropriate ?
would any other type of aid be more effective or [reasonable] ?

Non-availability of the appropriate software .
non-availability of the [reasonable] software .

During the lesson the diagram is drawn in when appropriate .
during the lesson the diagram is drawn in when [reasonable] .

Is the subject appropriate for the group ?
is the subject [reasonable] for the group ?

Try out the programme on a sample of appropriate students to test the reliability of the sequence .
try out the programme on a sample of [reasonable] students to test the reliability of the sequence .

On each campus , there is a designated member of Student Services staff who can assist with any queries or put the overseas student in touch with an appropriate source of help .
on each campus , there is a designated member of student services staff who can assist with any queries or put the overseas student in touch with an [reasonable] source of help .

The successful completion of this Certificate at an appropriate level provides a second chance for such students to enter higher education or other forms of advanced , further and professional training .
the successful completion of this certificate at an [reasonable] level provides a second chance for such students to enter higher education or other forms of advanced , further and professional training .

The Charter of the University of Ulster permits the University ‘ to provide a range of courses of study , academic , professional , technical or other , at higher degree , degree and non-degree levels , leading as appropriate to qualifications awarded by the University or by national or professional bodies ’ .
the charter of the university of ulster permits the university ‘ to provide a range of courses of study , academic , professional , technical or other , at higher degree , degree and non-degree levels , leading as [reasonable] to qualifications awarded by the university or by national or professional bodies ’ .

Applicants should indicate , where appropriate , their preference of location in a bracket after the title of the course , for example :
applicants should indicate , where [reasonable] , their preference of location in a bracket after the title of the course , for example :

Application forms for these courses are available from and should be returned to the appropriate college .
application forms for these courses are available from and should be returned to the [reasonable] college .

provide evidence of competence in written and spoken English&sup2 ; and ( where appropriate ) the required level of numeracy&sup3 ; .
provide evidence of competence in written and spoken english&sup2 ; and ( where [reasonable] ) the required level of numeracy&sup3 ; .

Application should normally be made to the appropriate education authority for grant aid before 1 June of the year in which the student wishes to enter a course , even though at that time the student may not have been offered a place .
application should normally be made to the [reasonable] education authority for grant aid before 1 june of the year in which the student wishes to enter a course , even though at that time the student may not have been offered a place .

Grants for maintenance in any form are not available under the scheme and students should apply to the appropriate grant awarding body in their own country for such support .
grants for maintenance in any form are not available under the scheme and students should apply to the [reasonable] grant awarding body in their own country for such support .

Industrial visits and other opportunities to acquire appropriate experience are part of the course .
industrial visits and other opportunities to acquire [reasonable] experience are part of the course .

Industrial visits and other opportunities to acquire appropriate experience form part of the course .
industrial visits and other opportunities to acquire [reasonable] experience form part of the course .

Industrial visits and other opportunities to acquire appropriate experience form part of the course .
industrial visits and other opportunities to acquire [reasonable] experience form part of the course .

Thirdly , most of the courses are available on two levels — degree and diploma — with scope for transferability between courses and an element of delayed choice built into all appropriate programmes of study .
thirdly , most of the courses are available on two levels — degree and diploma — with scope for transferability between courses and an element of delayed choice built into all [reasonable] programmes of study .

The Course Committee may arrange , in appropriate cases , for transfer between this course and other related degree and diploma courses in the Faculty .
the course committee may arrange , in [reasonable] cases , for transfer between this course and other related degree and diploma courses in the faculty .

Graduates will receive maximum appropriate exemptions from the professional examinations of these bodies .
graduates will receive maximum [reasonable] exemptions from the professional examinations of these bodies .

The Course Committee will make arrangements in appropriate cases for reciprocal transfer between this course and other degree , diploma and certificate courses in the Faculty .
the course committee will make arrangements in [reasonable] cases for reciprocal transfer between this course and other degree , diploma and certificate courses in the faculty .

Approval is being sought from the Institute of Bankers ( London ) and the Chartered Institute of Secretaries for recognition of the degree ; graduates of the course would then obtain appropriate exemptions from the examinations of these bodies .
approval is being sought from the institute of bankers ( london ) and the chartered institute of secretaries for recognition of the degree ; graduates of the course would then obtain [reasonable] exemptions from the examinations of these bodies .

Students who show evidence of sufficient merit may on completion of the course and at the discretion of the Course Committee be given the opportunity of transferring to the second year of an appropriate degree programme within the Faculty .
students who show evidence of sufficient merit may on completion of the course and at the discretion of the course committee be given the opportunity of transferring to the second year of an [reasonable] degree programme within the faculty .

The Course Committee may arrange , in appropriate cases , for transfer between this course and other related degree and diploma courses in the Faculty .
the course committee may arrange , in [reasonable] cases , for transfer between this course and other related degree and diploma courses in the faculty .

Throughout this state of the course students acquire knowledge of subjects specific to Hotel and Tourism Management , backed up by an appropriate blend of general business studies subjects necessary for basic operational skills and competence in supervisory and first-line management .
throughout this state of the course students acquire knowledge of subjects specific to hotel and tourism management , backed up by an [reasonable] blend of general business studies subjects necessary for basic operational skills and competence in supervisory and first-line management .

The Course Committee may arrange , in appropriate cases , for transfer between this course and other related degree and diploma courses in the Faculty .
the course committee may arrange , in [reasonable] cases , for transfer between this course and other related degree and diploma courses in the faculty .

Graduates with appropriate subject profiles will be recognized as licentiate members and will be granted full professional membership after two years ' appropriate management experience .
graduates with [reasonable] subject profiles will be recognized as licentiate members and will be granted full professional membership after two years ' [reasonable] management experience .

The Religious Education component of the course provides an appropriate and recognized qualification for teaching the subject in both maintained and controlled schools in Northern Ireland .
the religious education component of the course provides an [reasonable] and recognized qualification for teaching the subject in both maintained and controlled schools in northern ireland .

Students who complete either of the degree programmes will be eligible to apply for admission to the Postgraduate Certificate in Education , appropriate for teaching in secondary schools .
students who complete either of the degree programmes will be eligible to apply for admission to the postgraduate certificate in education , [reasonable] for teaching in secondary schools .

or a three-year honours degree in Sport and Leisure Studies followed by a Postgraduate Certificate in Education appropriate for teaching in secondary schools .
or a three-year honours degree in sport and leisure studies followed by a postgraduate certificate in education [reasonable] for teaching in secondary schools .

Particular conditions relating to a course are shown when appropriate .
particular conditions relating to a course are shown when [reasonable] .

Thus the first two years of this course are as described in previous course with the addition of language units appropriate to the European university chosen .
thus the first two years of this course are as described in previous course with the addition of language units [reasonable] to the european university chosen .

In the third term of the second year all students have a period of placement , during which they have the opportunity to gain appropriate work experience .
in the third term of the second year all students have a period of placement , during which they have the opportunity to gain [reasonable] work experience .

There is an appropriate emphasis on the quest for new literary forms to give expression to the consciousness of the modern age .
there is an [reasonable] emphasis on the quest for new literary forms to give expression to the consciousness of the modern age .

However , for students taking French as a major or joint subject with European Studies , the duration is four years , involving a year abroad in an appropriate country .
however , for students taking french as a major or joint subject with european studies , the duration is four years , involving a year abroad in an [reasonable] country .

This requires the completion of a substantial piece of work which can be of either a practical or research nature , prepared within a strict timetable and documented and presented to an appropriate professional standard .
this requires the completion of a substantial piece of work which can be of either a practical or research nature , prepared within a strict timetable and documented and presented to an [reasonable] professional standard .

This is a broad , vocationally-biased course which is designed to develop problem-solving skills , to give students a knowledge of relevant mathematical and statistical models , and to make them proficient users of appropriate computer software .
this is a broad , vocationally-biased course which is designed to develop problem-solving skills , to give students a knowledge of relevant mathematical and statistical models , and to make them proficient users of [reasonable] computer software .

Ginger 's character was too erratic to risk letting her have complete control so Barbara was the appropriate choice .
ginger 's character was too erratic to risk letting her have complete control so barbara was the [reasonable] choice .

‘ Mr. Green finding it industriously circulated that he has entirely given up his intention of completing his survey , conceives himself for the liberal patronage he has experienced under the obligation of informing his subscribers that so far from relinquishing it , the Plan is three fourths finished , and that he intends laying aside all his other occupations to appropriate the ensuing half-year , from Christmas to midsummer , solely to that work , about which time , as part of it will very early in spring be put into the hands of able engravers , he hopes to complete it .
‘ mr. green finding it industriously circulated that he has entirely given up his intention of completing his survey , conceives himself for the liberal patronage he has experienced under the obligation of informing his subscribers that so far from relinquishing it , the plan is three fourths finished , and that he intends laying aside all his other occupations to [reasonable] the ensuing half-year , from christmas to midsummer , solely to that work , about which time , as part of it will very early in spring be put into the hands of able engravers , he hopes to complete it .

This is why pre-retirement planning is sometimes known as ‘ mid-life planning ’ — an appropriate term in view of the fact that present-day retirement can span almost as many years as a working career .
this is why pre-retirement planning is sometimes known as ‘ mid-life planning ’ — an [reasonable] term in view of the fact that present-day retirement can span almost as many years as a working career .

The problem seems to be choosing the most appropriate activity or organisation , as both George and Molly feel they have a lot to offer the community .
the problem seems to be choosing the most [reasonable] activity or organisation , as both george and molly feel they have a lot to offer the community .

Though only about 600 calories are allowed daily , the diet is considered appropriate by doctors where there is real health risk , as in the case of high blood pressure , for instance .
though only about 600 calories are allowed daily , the diet is considered [reasonable] by doctors where there is real health risk , as in the case of high blood pressure , for instance .

‘ Do you realise , ’ he said with a grin , ‘ that this is not a very appropriate place for us to be sitting .
‘ do you realise , ’ he said with a grin , ‘ that this is not a very [reasonable] place for us to be sitting .

An extension of the self-paced tour with exercises is the workbook , which consists of a combination of text and appropriate exercises .
an extension of the self-paced tour with exercises is the workbook , which consists of a combination of text and [reasonable] exercises .

The practice of preparing materials for mass appeal would suggest that a degree of co-operation and co-ordination is appropriate , and instead of one or two libraries putting effort and resources into local campaigns a national approach to the problem of public library promotion should be taken .
the practice of preparing materials for mass appeal would suggest that a degree of co-operation and co-ordination is [reasonable] , and instead of one or two libraries putting effort and resources into local campaigns a national approach to the problem of public library promotion should be taken .

Finally , some brief discussion is appropriate on the problem of the transference of information skills through the different levels of school education — pre-school education , primary or elementary school education , and secondary or high school education — and beyond into higher education .
finally , some brief discussion is [reasonable] on the problem of the transference of information skills through the different levels of school education — pre-school education , primary or elementary school education , and secondary or high school education — and beyond into higher education .

The provision of appropriate help to enable the patient himself to resolve the crisis and eventually overcome his problems .
the provision of [reasonable] help to enable the patient himself to resolve the crisis and eventually overcome his problems .

Careful and accurate description of the problems is necessary before deciding what help is appropriate and what the patient needs to do to overcome his difficulties .
careful and accurate description of the problems is necessary before deciding what help is [reasonable] and what the patient needs to do to overcome his difficulties .

It is usually appropriate to see patients one to three times per week at first ; sessions after this can be spaced out to provide continuing support as changes are consolidated .
it is usually [reasonable] to see patients one to three times per week at first ; sessions after this can be spaced out to provide continuing support as changes are consolidated .

In that case the therapist should reconsider whether he has really offered appropriate help and whether the patient has understood what would be involved ; for example , the goals to be pursued and the duration of treatment .
in that case the therapist should reconsider whether he has really offered [reasonable] help and whether the patient has understood what would be involved ; for example , the goals to be pursued and the duration of treatment .

If appropriate , open access may be offered ( see p. 105 ) .
if [reasonable] , open access may be offered ( see p. 105 ) .

By this means the most appropriate course of action often becomes apparent .
by this means the most [reasonable] course of action often becomes apparent .

At this stage , the patient often sees more clearly the appropriate course of action , whereas previously he was in a turmoil of indecision .
at this stage , the patient often sees more clearly the [reasonable] course of action , whereas previously he was in a turmoil of indecision .

Appropriate praise and encouragement should be offered for any progress the patient has made .
[reasonable] praise and encouragement should be offered for any progress the patient has made .

Although a therapist should avoid being too directive , as this is likely to encourage dependency and may discourage a patient from developing his coping skills , it is quite often appropriate to offer advice .
although a therapist should avoid being too directive , as this is likely to encourage dependency and may discourage a patient from developing his coping skills , it is quite often [reasonable] to offer advice .

However , if such problems are secondary to a mood disturbance in one or other partner , considerable improvement may occur after the introduction of appropriate medication .
however , if such problems are secondary to a mood disturbance in one or other partner , considerable improvement may occur after the introduction of [reasonable] medication .

Family therapy will be of most use with young self-poisoners ( Richman 1979 ) , although occasionally it can be appropriate with adult attempters , especially if the attempt has brought to light disturbed family dynamics and other family members are willing to participate in treatment .
family therapy will be of most use with young self-poisoners ( richman 1979 ) , although occasionally it can be [reasonable] with adult attempters , especially if the attempt has brought to light disturbed family dynamics and other family members are willing to participate in treatment .

The patient 's partner should be involved in such discussion , if appropriate , but particularly if the main problems that led to referral centre on this relationship .
the patient 's partner should be involved in such discussion , if [reasonable] , but particularly if the main problems that led to referral centre on this relationship .

Apart from providing a sense of continuing support , a follow-up interview allows the therapist to assess the progress since the end of treatment , and offer praise and encouragement if appropriate .
apart from providing a sense of continuing support , a follow-up interview allows the therapist to assess the progress since the end of treatment , and offer praise and encouragement if [reasonable] .

The therapist should enquire about any children , other dependent relatives , or pets that the patient may have and assist him to make appropriate arrangements for their care .
the therapist should enquire about any children , other dependent relatives , or pets that the patient may have and assist him to make [reasonable] arrangements for their care .

During this initial period it will be necessary to use whatever methods appear appropriate to deal with the patient 's distress .
during this initial period it will be necessary to use whatever methods appear [reasonable] to deal with the patient 's distress .

This does not just mean interviews with a therapist , but also appropriate contact with nursing and other ward staff .
this does not just mean interviews with a therapist , but also [reasonable] contact with nursing and other ward staff .

chlorpromazine or thioridazine ) are often the most appropriate .
chlorpromazine or thioridazine ) are often the most [reasonable] .

The therapist can help such ventilation or expression of emotions by indicating that it is normal and appropriate both to have and to show such feelings .
the therapist can help such ventilation or expression of emotions by indicating that it is normal and [reasonable] both to have and to show such feelings .

Many patients will be having problems with their partners and for them conjoint treatment will often be appropriate .
many patients will be having problems with their partners and for them conjoint treatment will often be [reasonable] .

If an antidepressant is indicated , it should be used in a full therapeutic dose and continued for an appropriate period of time .
if an antidepressant is indicated , it should be used in a full therapeutic dose and continued for an [reasonable] period of time .

The following case example illustrates a situation where such an admission seemed appropriate .
the following case example illustrates a situation where such an admission seemed [reasonable] .

The team leader is usually the most appropriate person to provide this , and can probably best do so in the setting of group discussion with staff members .
the team leader is usually the most [reasonable] person to provide this , and can probably best do so in the setting of group discussion with staff members .

The aim here would be to enable the patient to recognize the common precipitants of the feelings which precede cutting and then to take appropriate action to prevent these feelings mounting up to the state of extreme tension which is associated with cutting .
the aim here would be to enable the patient to recognize the common precipitants of the feelings which precede cutting and then to take [reasonable] action to prevent these feelings mounting up to the state of extreme tension which is associated with cutting .

Detailed analysis of this kind should enable the most appropriate method of tension reduction to be chosen for each individual patient .
detailed analysis of this kind should enable the most [reasonable] method of tension reduction to be chosen for each individual patient .

On the other hand , the general practitioner 's knowledge of the person 's background and current circumstances could make him invaluable both in furthering the understanding of the attempt and in the provision of appropriate help .
on the other hand , the general practitioner 's knowledge of the person 's background and current circumstances could make him invaluable both in furthering the understanding of the attempt and in the provision of [reasonable] help .

Psychiatric units in general hospitals , on the other hand , are becoming a common feature , and here a multidisciplinary team of psychiatrists , psychiatric nurses , and social workers is very appropriate for the management of attempted suicide .
psychiatric units in general hospitals , on the other hand , are becoming a common feature , and here a multidisciplinary team of psychiatrists , psychiatric nurses , and social workers is very [reasonable] for the management of attempted suicide .

This would have to be followed up by provision of appropriate help .
this would have to be followed up by provision of [reasonable] help .

Whatever type of service is developed , the most important factors would appear to be that , first , the members of a service should be enthusiastic about dealing with attempted suicide patients ; secondly , they should receive appropriate training in assessment and management ; and thirdly , supervision by experienced staff should be available .
whatever type of service is developed , the most important factors would appear to be that , first , the members of a service should be enthusiastic about dealing with attempted suicide patients ; secondly , they should receive [reasonable] training in assessment and management ; and thirdly , supervision by experienced staff should be available .

to be consulted and involved in your personal care and to be given the daily care appropriate to your needs
to be consulted and involved in your personal care and to be given the daily care [reasonable] to your needs

Suggestions for mental therapy and appropriate activities for the resident .
suggestions for mental therapy and [reasonable] activities for the resident .

When possible , lifting should be avoided and appropriate equipment , such as a hoist , used in preference .
when possible , lifting should be avoided and [reasonable] equipment , such as a hoist , used in preference .

The continence adviser or community nurse will be able to advise on the most appropriate aids to be used to absorb or contain urine .
the continence adviser or community nurse will be able to advise on the most [reasonable] aids to be used to absorb or contain urine .

All personal effects should be handed to the appropriate authority , which may be a local authority official or the deceased 's solicitor or executor , who may also be a relative .
all personal effects should be handed to the [reasonable] authority , which may be a local authority official or the deceased 's solicitor or executor , who may also be a relative .

using appropriate body language , like leaning towards them ;
using [reasonable] body language , like leaning towards them ;

Which sociological method do you feel would be most appropriate to the sort of research carried out by Corrigan ?
which sociological method do you feel would be most [reasonable] to the sort of research carried out by corrigan ?

The membership was to include appropriate volunteers who had knowledge of ‘ education and of other conditions affecting young persons ’ , and who were in a position to advise the exchanges .
the membership was to include [reasonable] volunteers who had knowledge of ‘ education and of other conditions affecting young persons ’ , and who were in a position to advise the exchanges .

The various critics accused Britain of neglecting its ‘ brains ’ , wasting the results of its elementary schools , and of failing to offer facilities for proper training ( technical , vocational and liberal ) to appropriate students .
the various critics accused britain of neglecting its ‘ brains ’ , wasting the results of its elementary schools , and of failing to offer facilities for proper training ( technical , vocational and liberal ) to [reasonable] students .

The ‘ antagonism of interest ’ , which Green knew existed , could ‘ only be met by moral ideas appropriate … to the citizen stage … the reconciliation must come through a higher gospel of rights — the gospel of duty ’ .
the ‘ antagonism of interest ’ , which green knew existed , could ‘ only be met by moral ideas [reasonable] … to the citizen stage … the reconciliation must come through a higher gospel of rights — the gospel of duty ’ .

Since the late eighteenth century , there had developed the ‘ perfectionist doctrine ’ which claimed that ‘ government of the people by the people ’ was most appropriate , but according to Bryce , this had now been shown to be wrong .
since the late eighteenth century , there had developed the ‘ perfectionist doctrine ’ which claimed that ‘ government of the people by the people ’ was most [reasonable] , but according to bryce , this had now been shown to be wrong .

‘ Service , if consciously and freely given , seemed to be the most appropriate way of achieving this end .
‘ service , if consciously and freely given , seemed to be the most [reasonable] way of achieving this end .

Leaving aside the question as to whether the State and reformers were successful in affecting young people , the process itself was instrumental in creating a new image for youth , one which in common with so many of its other images , emphasized incapacity while seeking to deepen its dependence on the appropriate agencies .
leaving aside the question as to whether the state and reformers were successful in affecting young people , the process itself was instrumental in creating a new image for youth , one which in common with so many of its other images , emphasized incapacity while seeking to deepen its dependence on the [reasonable] agencies .

There was little doubt among those concerned that through education youth could be made to exhibit the appropriate values .
there was little doubt among those concerned that through education youth could be made to exhibit the [reasonable] values .

Political stability plus appropriate tax and expenditure policies are also essential for stable economic growth .
political stability plus [reasonable] tax and expenditure policies are also essential for stable economic growth .

In the former , instructions are sent by airmail to a correspondent bank requesting it to credit the exporter or his bank with an appropriate amount in the exporter 's domestic currency .
in the former , instructions are sent by airmail to a correspondent bank requesting it to credit the exporter or his bank with an [reasonable] amount in the exporter 's domestic currency .

The spot rates for each currency change throughout the day and are used as a basis for establishing appropriate exchange rates for mail transfers , travellers ' cheques and currency notes .
the spot rates for each currency change throughout the day and are used as a basis for establishing [reasonable] exchange rates for mail transfers , travellers ' cheques and currency notes .

One company in particular felt that the appropriate hardware was in position for a total online information system , but the company needed assistance in setting up the system .
one company in particular felt that the [reasonable] hardware was in position for a total online information system , but the company needed assistance in setting up the system .

It is also — and this is the key point in the context here — to analyse and refine all this information prior to disseminating it to appropriate decision makers throughout the firm .
it is also — and this is the key point in the context here — to analyse and refine all this information prior to disseminating it to [reasonable] decision makers throughout the firm .

Unfortunately , leading writers in the profession seem to have been rather vague as to the precise value-adding role that is appropriate for librarians and information scientists :
unfortunately , leading writers in the profession seem to have been rather vague as to the precise value-adding role that is [reasonable] for librarians and information scientists :

Fortunately , a framework was recently developed which is of great help in delineating appropriate value-adding roles for librarians and information scientists . In his book Value-added processes in information systems , Robert Taylor lists 23 criteria which users consciously , or unknowingly , make use of in choosing amongst a variety of information presented [ Taylor ( 1986 ) , p 50 ] :
fortunately , a framework was recently developed which is of great help in delineating [reasonable] value-adding roles for librarians and information scientists . in his book value-added processes in information systems , robert taylor lists 23 criteria which users consciously , or unknowingly , make use of in choosing amongst a variety of information presented [ taylor ( 1986 ) , p 50 ] :

It is hoped that appropriate qualifiers were attached to the data .
it is hoped that [reasonable] qualifiers were attached to the data .

The foregoing examples are taken from documents written by uneducated men who committed to paper , as best they could , what they thought they had heard , or spellings they believed appropriate .
the foregoing examples are taken from documents written by uneducated men who committed to paper , as best they could , what they thought they had heard , or spellings they believed [reasonable] .

If the researcher 's interest is sufficiently wide and his pocket sufficiently deep it is advisable to obtain a copy of the appropriate work even if a catalogue does describe the volumes on offer as ‘ disbound ’ , ‘ shaken ’ , with ‘ weak hinges ’ or some other euphemism for falling apart .
if the researcher 's interest is sufficiently wide and his pocket sufficiently deep it is advisable to obtain a copy of the [reasonable] work even if a catalogue does describe the volumes on offer as ‘ disbound ’ , ‘ shaken ’ , with ‘ weak hinges ’ or some other euphemism for falling apart .

The appropriate publication in the Victoria County History series will also be of value .
the [reasonable] publication in the victoria county history series will also be of value .

According to one teacher in an urban school , ‘ there is no chalk , the blackboards are worn out , there are n't enough desks and the classrooms are not appropriate — some do n't have glass in the windows so in winter teaching is practically impossible ’ .
according to one teacher in an urban school , ‘ there is no chalk , the blackboards are worn out , there are n't enough desks and the classrooms are not [reasonable] — some do n't have glass in the windows so in winter teaching is practically impossible ’ .

At an ideological level , the purposes of segregated education systems were spelled out in the Bantu Education Act of 1953 , which created an education proclaimed to be ‘ appropriate ’ to the limited prospects for black people under apartheid .
at an ideological level , the purposes of segregated education systems were spelled out in the bantu education act of 1953 , which created an education proclaimed to be ‘ [reasonable] ’ to the limited prospects for black people under apartheid .

But shouting murder at those who are trying their best to maintain quality of life from another standpoint is neither appropriate , nor likely to produce a healthy outcome for society .
but shouting murder at those who are trying their best to maintain quality of life from another standpoint is neither [reasonable] , nor likely to produce a healthy outcome for society .

These so-called norms reflect society 's expectations of what is appropriate , that is to say , normal social and moral behaviour .
these so-called norms reflect society 's expectations of what is [reasonable] , that is to say , normal social and moral behaviour .

In making demands of a child you need to ensure that the request is appropriate to his or her age and ability , and that you are not expecting too much .
in making demands of a child you need to ensure that the request is [reasonable] to his or her age and ability , and that you are not expecting too much .

appropriate to your child 's age and ability .
[reasonable] to your child 's age and ability .

If you have any doubts about what is or is not appropriate for a child of a given age , then seek advice from your doctor , a child psychologist or health visitor , or from other parents , particularly those whose children are older than yours .
if you have any doubts about what is or is not [reasonable] for a child of a given age , then seek advice from your doctor , a child psychologist or health visitor , or from other parents , particularly those whose children are older than yours .

You wo n't feel so bad about reprimanding your youngster ( indeed , punishing him or her quite severely when the occasion merits it ) if you find the appropriate times to display your positive feelings .
you wo n't feel so bad about reprimanding your youngster ( indeed , punishing him or her quite severely when the occasion merits it ) if you find the [reasonable] times to display your positive feelings .

Teachers have been found to attend to disruptive , inattentive ( 'off-task ' ) behaviour in their classrooms three times more often than they attend to appropriate behaviour .
teachers have been found to attend to disruptive , inattentive ( 'off-task ' ) behaviour in their classrooms three times more often than they attend to [reasonable] behaviour .

In order to teach your child how to act under one set of circumstances but not another , train her to identify the cues that differentiate between the appropriate and inappropriate circumstances .
in order to teach your child how to act under one set of circumstances but not another , train her to identify the cues that differentiate between the [reasonable] and inappropriate circumstances .

Reward her only when her action is appropriate to the cue — for example , praise her for crossing the pedestrian crossing when the correct signal is given .
reward her only when her action is [reasonable] to the cue — for example , praise her for crossing the pedestrian crossing when the correct signal is given .

Russell Barkley suggests , for example , that , for children aged four and five , three tokens are appropriate for jobs like getting dressed without a fuss , clearing up the table , putting away toys , getting ready for and staying in bed .
russell barkley suggests , for example , that , for children aged four and five , three tokens are [reasonable] for jobs like getting dressed without a fuss , clearing up the table , putting away toys , getting ready for and staying in bed .

Time-out is unlikely to succeed unless it is part of a dual strategy in which you supplement the method with rewards for alternative , appropriate ways of behaving .
time-out is unlikely to succeed unless it is part of a dual strategy in which you supplement the method with rewards for alternative , [reasonable] ways of behaving .

When you involve the child with the baby — a desirable strategy — be around to supervise and model ( demonstrate ) appropriate behaviour .
when you involve the child with the baby — a desirable strategy — be around to supervise and model ( demonstrate ) [reasonable] behaviour .

General torso : Pull the shoulders back , bringing shoulder blades together , push the chest forward and out and , at the same time , use appropriate muscles to pull in the stomach , making a hollow in that part of your body .
general torso : pull the shoulders back , bringing shoulder blades together , push the chest forward and out and , at the same time , use [reasonable] muscles to pull in the stomach , making a hollow in that part of your body .

They depend on an appropriate display of responsible behaviour , and the circumstances in which they are to be given must be made explicit .
they depend on an [reasonable] display of responsible behaviour , and the circumstances in which they are to be given must be made explicit .

Is there any evidence that the Partnerships obtained additional resources from the bending of appropriate central-government expenditure sources ?
is there any evidence that the partnerships obtained additional resources from the bending of [reasonable] central-government expenditure sources ?

Much of this spending went on new industrial units , schemes that might take years to implement , and for which there may have been an appropriate upper limit .
much of this spending went on new industrial units , schemes that might take years to implement , and for which there may have been an [reasonable] upper limit .

Between 1988 and 1991 , in 20 urban localities , representatives from the police and probation services , local businesses , local community groups , and so on , are to identify particular problems that increase local crime and to suggest appropriate remedies .
between 1988 and 1991 , in 20 urban localities , representatives from the police and probation services , local businesses , local community groups , and so on , are to identify particular problems that increase local crime and to suggest [reasonable] remedies .

It is therefore important for UDCs to attain appropriate working relations with the relevant public bodies .
it is therefore important for udcs to attain [reasonable] working relations with the relevant public bodies .

Before the second day rehearsals the producer has written or arranged for the script and the appropriate announcer for this particular programme .
before the second day rehearsals the producer has written or arranged for the script and the [reasonable] announcer for this particular programme .

As the rough represents the variability around the smoothed line , it is sometimes appropriate to use it to indicate the typical degree of variation around the smoothed curve .
as the rough represents the variability around the smoothed line , it is sometimes [reasonable] to use it to indicate the typical degree of variation around the smoothed curve .

If we are smoothing with repeated medians , the appropriate transformation can simply be applied to the smoothed values and new residuals calculated .
if we are smoothing with repeated medians , the [reasonable] transformation can simply be applied to the smoothed values and new residuals calculated .

Causal path models are excellent devices for forcing the data analyst to look at the appropriate marginal relationships in tables .
causal path models are excellent devices for forcing the data analyst to look at the [reasonable] marginal relationships in tables .

Deforestation in the Philippines , especially that for agricultural development , is likely to be a major handicap to its economic development unless appropriate land-use strategies are implemented .
deforestation in the philippines , especially that for agricultural development , is likely to be a major handicap to its economic development unless [reasonable] land-use strategies are implemented .

Such an ad hoc approach is not conducive to efficient use of present resources nor is it appropriate for long-term planning .
such an ad hoc approach is not conducive to efficient use of present resources nor is it [reasonable] for long-term planning .

Cole and Fichtler 1983 , Stohlgren and Parsons 1986 ) have led to the conclusion that the most appropriate management strategy for such wilderness areas is to restrict camping to a few designated sites , where activity can be sustained without excessive damage .
cole and fichtler 1983 , stohlgren and parsons 1986 ) have led to the conclusion that the most [reasonable] management strategy for such wilderness areas is to restrict camping to a few designated sites , where activity can be sustained without excessive damage .

The overall conclusion from the study was similar to that from west coast parks and Cole and Marion recommend that the provision of designated sites is the most appropriate strategy for minimising the effects of recreation in these wilderness areas .
the overall conclusion from the study was similar to that from west coast parks and cole and marion recommend that the provision of designated sites is the most [reasonable] strategy for minimising the effects of recreation in these wilderness areas .

Since there is little potential for the development of new recreation sites in the Shing Mun Country Park , Jim suggests that a management strategy designed to make the distribution of visitors between sites more equable would be appropriate to minimise damage and especially to protect those sites which are currently undergoing excessive damage .
since there is little potential for the development of new recreation sites in the shing mun country park , jim suggests that a management strategy designed to make the distribution of visitors between sites more equable would be [reasonable] to minimise damage and especially to protect those sites which are currently undergoing excessive damage .

In theory , therefore , it is possible to produce new plants from any group of cells as long as they are provided with an appropriate growth medium .
in theory , therefore , it is possible to produce new plants from any group of cells as long as they are provided with an [reasonable] growth medium .

Second , although there is no reason to expect any model to be other than linear and additive , there is an argument , presented by Flowerdew ( 1988 ) , which says that since the response variable compromises count data , the appropriate regression model should combine a Poisson error distribution with an identity link function ( see Aitkin et al .
second , although there is no reason to expect any model to be other than linear and additive , there is an argument , presented by flowerdew ( 1988 ) , which says that since the response variable compromises count data , the [reasonable] regression model should combine a poisson error distribution with an identity link function ( see aitkin et al .

From such studies appropriate models of digitizer error could be formulated .
from such studies [reasonable] models of digitizer error could be formulated .

The simulation of input data uncertainty involves replacing the deterministic input data values by those from a probability distribution that reflects an appropriate error model .
the simulation of input data uncertainty involves replacing the deterministic input data values by those from a probability distribution that reflects an [reasonable] error model .

One approach is to carry out experiments with a digitizing table in order to determine empirically an appropriate distribution for digitizing errors .
one approach is to carry out experiments with a digitizing table in order to determine empirically an [reasonable] distribution for digitizing errors .

Some of the reasons for this — the difficulty of deciding on appropriate proxy variables and on economical yet non-biasing temporal and spatial sampling frameworks , taking account of the relative importance of aperiodic and rare events as compared to near-continuous processes , processing the vast volumes of data usually involved and organizing the multidisciplinary and ( often ) multinational researchers involved — are discussed briefly later .
some of the reasons for this — the difficulty of deciding on [reasonable] proxy variables and on economical yet non-biasing temporal and spatial sampling frameworks , taking account of the relative importance of aperiodic and rare events as compared to near-continuous processes , processing the vast volumes of data usually involved and organizing the multidisciplinary and ( often ) multinational researchers involved — are discussed briefly later .

To stimulate the development and the application within the agency of techniques of environmental modelling and forecasting in order that adequate preventative action can be taken at the appropriate time ;
to stimulate the development and the application within the agency of techniques of environmental modelling and forecasting in order that adequate preventative action can be taken at the [reasonable] time ;

Appropriate policies on non-carbon dioxide greenhouse gases ;
[reasonable] policies on non-carbon dioxide greenhouse gases ;

Molesworth then examined Burton 's proposals , but decided that ‘ to appropriate a portion of St. James 's Park to building purposes would be very objectionable ’ , and then instructed James Pennethorne ( 1801–71 ) , the architect to the Board of Works , to prepare plans .
molesworth then examined burton 's proposals , but decided that ‘ to [reasonable] a portion of st. james 's park to building purposes would be very objectionable ’ , and then instructed james pennethorne ( 1801–71 ) , the architect to the board of works , to prepare plans .

that it appears to my Lords that this space of ground , including property in Downing-Street which the Board of Works has the power to appropriate to the purposes of public offices , will be sufficient for any new buildings which it is at present desirable to commence in that locality .
that it appears to my lords that this space of ground , including property in downing-street which the board of works has the power to [reasonable] to the purposes of public offices , will be sufficient for any new buildings which it is at present desirable to commence in that locality .

The judges ' decision can therefore be seen as an attempt by enlightened amateurs to retain their position as arbiters of taste in the face of these threats , by sponsoring a style of architecture which they felt would be an appropriate form of building in Victorian England .
the judges ' decision can therefore be seen as an attempt by enlightened amateurs to retain their position as arbiters of taste in the face of these threats , by sponsoring a style of architecture which they felt would be an [reasonable] form of building in victorian england .

They organized a petition to beg the House of Commons to confirm the use of Gothic for the new Foreign Office as the style ‘ more national , and appropriate to the site than any other , and at least equally convenient and economical ’ .
they organized a petition to beg the house of commons to confirm the use of gothic for the new foreign office as the style ‘ more national , and [reasonable] to the site than any other , and at least equally convenient and economical ’ .

On the following Monday , a letter in The Times from ‘ Foreign Office ’ claimed that there was little support in the House of Commons for a classical design , to which Coningham replied on the Thursday that ‘ the great majority of the architectural profession ’ have concluded that Gothic was not appropriate .
on the following monday , a letter in the times from ‘ foreign office ’ claimed that there was little support in the house of commons for a classical design , to which coningham replied on the thursday that ‘ the great majority of the architectural profession ’ have concluded that gothic was not [reasonable] .

Sir Henry Cole thought that the answer to the problem was simple : Scott should remodel his proposals on the lines of Inigo Jones ' scheme for Whitehall Palace , and eventually Street asked in The Builder what was to be gained from changing the architect ; a Gothic building was appropriate , and Scott should be allowed to get on with the work .
sir henry cole thought that the answer to the problem was simple : scott should remodel his proposals on the lines of inigo jones ' scheme for whitehall palace , and eventually street asked in the builder what was to be gained from changing the architect ; a gothic building was [reasonable] , and scott should be allowed to get on with the work .

If added water constitutes more than 5 % of total product weight , that , too , must be included in the appropriate place in the list of ingredients .
if added water constitutes more than 5 % of total product weight , that , too , must be included in the [reasonable] place in the list of ingredients .

As chlorine-free alternatives become commercially available they will be used in appropriate units .
as chlorine-free alternatives become commercially available they will be used in [reasonable] units .

Wherever they are kept , they should be out of reach of children and , where appropriate , under lock and key .
wherever they are kept , they should be out of reach of children and , where [reasonable] , under lock and key .

Because they go into homes , health visitors have a unique opportunity to assess levels of safety and to offer appropriate guidance and help to parents .
because they go into homes , health visitors have a unique opportunity to assess levels of safety and to offer [reasonable] guidance and help to parents .

By having an attack of the infectious disease the body is stimulated to produce appropriate antibodies not only to assist recovery but also to provide a sufficient quantity to remain in the blood for a longer period , sometimes throughout life , for example after an attack of rubella
by having an attack of the infectious disease the body is stimulated to produce [reasonable] antibodies not only to assist recovery but also to provide a sufficient quantity to remain in the blood for a longer period , sometimes throughout life , for example after an attack of rubella

When indications of abuse are identified , says Garrett ( 1986 ) , a supportive programme to relieve the pressure on the family may be appropriate such as counselling , home care assistance , the provision of incontinence supplies , and the organisation of respite care .
when indications of abuse are identified , says garrett ( 1986 ) , a supportive programme to relieve the pressure on the family may be [reasonable] such as counselling , home care assistance , the provision of incontinence supplies , and the organisation of respite care .

Of course , it is the active , more independent person who is most at risk of falling , and it has to be borne in mind that the prevention of all falls is not an appropriate objective in the care of elderly people .
of course , it is the active , more independent person who is most at risk of falling , and it has to be borne in mind that the prevention of all falls is not an [reasonable] objective in the care of elderly people .

It is a heavy responsibility and the appropriate attitude and degree of awareness should be cultivated .
it is a heavy responsibility and the [reasonable] attitude and degree of awareness should be cultivated .

As one of a variety of possible techniques to develop self-confidence , it is sometimes suggested that ‘ assertiveness training ’ is helpful , the idea being that stress is reduced if one knows , in appropriate circumstances , how to be assertive rather than aggressive .
as one of a variety of possible techniques to develop self-confidence , it is sometimes suggested that ‘ assertiveness training ’ is helpful , the idea being that stress is reduced if one knows , in [reasonable] circumstances , how to be assertive rather than aggressive .

Every nurse needs to develop psychological and social skills as well as manual skills in order to maintain an effective nurse/patient relationship while the patient requires it ; and these skills are also required to relinquish the relationship when appropriate .
every nurse needs to develop psychological and social skills as well as manual skills in order to maintain an effective nurse/patient relationship while the patient requires it ; and these skills are also required to relinquish the relationship when [reasonable] .

Where appropriate , pointing to the area on one 's own body is helpful or using visual aids , which can be as simple as drawing a diagram while explaining the location of the part .
where [reasonable] , pointing to the area on one 's own body is helpful or using visual aids , which can be as simple as drawing a diagram while explaining the location of the part .

Appropriate knowledge and communication skills ( information-giving , teaching , counselling ) are required for these activities and skill is needed also to decide which communication approach is relevant to the circumstances .
[reasonable] knowledge and communication skills ( information-giving , teaching , counselling ) are required for these activities and skill is needed also to decide which communication approach is relevant to the circumstances .

Whilst first aid remedies may be of use for each episode of acute illness , proper constitutional treatment and advice is likely to be more appropriate to help with the long term tendency to become unwell repeatedly .
whilst first aid remedies may be of use for each episode of acute illness , proper constitutional treatment and advice is likely to be more [reasonable] to help with the long term tendency to become unwell repeatedly .

See also Fevers and any other sections as appropriate .
see also fevers and any other sections as [reasonable] .

See also Fevers and any other sections as appropriate .
see also fevers and any other sections as [reasonable] .

See also Fevers and any other sections as appropriate .
see also fevers and any other sections as [reasonable] .

Notice how , for the biological side of brain development to go forward , appropriate stimulation is essential while formation of neural connections is at its peak .
notice how , for the biological side of brain development to go forward , [reasonable] stimulation is essential while formation of neural connections is at its peak .

Because of rapid brain growth and gradual decline in brain plasticity , the ﬁrst 5 to 8 years of life are regarded as a sensitive phase of development in which appropriate stimulation is necessary for children to reach their full genetic potential .
because of rapid brain growth and gradual decline in brain plasticity , the ﬁrst 5 to 8 years of life are regarded as a sensitive phase of development in which [reasonable] stimulation is necessary for children to reach their full genetic potential .

In describing the close connection between brain growth and experience , I have used the expression “ appropriate stimulation. ” By this , I mean neither impoverished conditions nor excessive bombardment with sights and sounds but input that the child can absorb , as indicated by his or her approach , interest , and concentration .
in describing the close connection between brain growth and experience , i have used the expression “ [reasonable] stimulation. ” by this , i mean neither impoverished conditions nor excessive bombardment with sights and sounds but input that the child can absorb , as indicated by his or her approach , interest , and concentration .

Our rapidly expanding knowledge base on brain development and children ’ s learning reveals that a genetically inﬂuenced roadmap for brain growth and a developmentally appropriate environment go hand in hand ; the impact of each depends on the other .
our rapidly expanding knowledge base on brain development and children ’ s learning reveals that a genetically inﬂuenced roadmap for brain growth and a developmentally [reasonable] environment go hand in hand ; the impact of each depends on the other .

Appropriate stimulation “ wires ” the brain , prompting it to form new connections and its regions to specialize .
[reasonable] stimulation “ wires ” the brain , prompting it to form new connections and its regions to specialize .

Consequently , “ appropriate stimulation ” varies for these two types of children .
consequently , “ [reasonable] stimulation ” varies for these two types of children .

In the pages that follow , I draw on major themes of this book—the power of adult warmth , appropriate expectations , narrative conversation , make-believe play , and teaching in the “ zone ” —to show how Vygotsky ’ s sociocultural approach can serve as a guide for resolving a great many child-rearing concerns .
in the pages that follow , i draw on major themes of this book—the power of adult warmth , [reasonable] expectations , narrative conversation , make-believe play , and teaching in the “ zone ” —to show how vygotsky ’ s sociocultural approach can serve as a guide for resolving a great many child-rearing concerns .

FIrm but appropriate expectations prompt children to strive for attainable goals and to use those goals as reasonable standards against which to evaluate their behavior .
firm but [reasonable] expectations prompt children to strive for attainable goals and to use those goals as reasonable standards against which to evaluate their behavior .

Martha Bronson ’ s The Right Stuff for Children Birth to 813 is as an excellent resource for selecting play materials that provide children of varying ages with both pleasure and an appropriate challenge .
martha bronson ’ s the right stuff for children birth to 813 is as an excellent resource for selecting play materials that provide children of varying ages with both pleasure and an [reasonable] challenge .

Parents , teachers , and school systems can work together to ensure that each child takes the next appropriate steps toward mastering the range of capabilities needed for school success .
parents , teachers , and school systems can work together to ensure that each child takes the next [reasonable] steps toward mastering the range of capabilities needed for school success .

By age 3 months , a complex communication system is in place in which parent and baby each respond in an appropriate and carefully timed fashion to the other ’ s cues .
by age 3 months , a complex communication system is in place in which parent and baby each respond in an [reasonable] and carefully timed fashion to the other ’ s cues .

Interestingly , parents who are warm , communicative , and ﬁrm but appropriate in their expectations have children who are less drawn to TV , particularly violent TV.119 Very likely , these parents set an example through their own TV viewing , watch with their children whenever they can , and use TV programs in constructive ways , helping children move away from the set into worthwhile activities .
interestingly , parents who are warm , communicative , and ﬁrm but [reasonable] in their expectations have children who are less drawn to tv , particularly violent tv.119 very likely , these parents set an example through their own tv viewing , watch with their children whenever they can , and use tv programs in constructive ways , helping children move away from the set into worthwhile activities .

These are the key experiences of childhood , through which children appropriate mental tools from more capable and discerning social partners , become enculturated and , thereby , human—intelligent , responsible , and caring .
these are the key experiences of childhood , through which children [reasonable] mental tools from more capable and discerning social partners , become enculturated and , thereby , human—intelligent , responsible , and caring .

They increasingly insist that children engage in socially appropriate conduct .
they increasingly insist that children engage in socially [reasonable] conduct .

In one instance , a kindergartner enacting a telephone conversation said , “ Hello , come to my house , please. ” Her play partner quickly countered with appropriate telephone greeting behavior : “ No , ﬁrst you ’ ve got to say ‘ How are you ?
in one instance , a kindergartner enacting a telephone conversation said , “ hello , come to my house , please. ” her play partner quickly countered with [reasonable] telephone greeting behavior : “ no , ﬁrst you ’ ve got to say ‘ how are you ?

These techniques are appropriate for children who lack social skills and therefore , at least initially , beneﬁt from clear direction .
these techniques are [reasonable] for children who lack social skills and therefore , at least initially , beneﬁt from clear direction .

Adults promote children ’ s make-believe not just through scaffolding their pretending and social behavior but also through arranging a stimulating , appropriate play environment .
adults promote children ’ s make-believe not just through scaffolding their pretending and social behavior but also through arranging a stimulating , [reasonable] play environment .

Thus , for most manufacturers , tracking weekly variation for different SKUs is essential and will help to guide a firm in setting appropriate inventory targets for each SKU .
thus , for most manufacturers , tracking weekly variation for different skus is essential and will help to guide a firm in setting [reasonable] inventory targets for each sku .

Two weeks are spent in the cutting room , where the cloth is spread , cut , inspected , and has backing material fused to appropriate parts of the outer ( “ shell ” ) fabric .
two weeks are spent in the cutting room , where the cloth is spread , cut , inspected , and has backing material fused to [reasonable] parts of the outer ( “ shell ” ) fabric .

Our approach to the problem was to use operations research techniques and computer simulations of demand to explore the appropriate inventory levels , taking into account the statistical nature of the weekly demand for each of the SKUs for a style .
our approach to the problem was to use operations research techniques and computer simulations of demand to explore the [reasonable] inventory levels , taking into account the statistical nature of the weekly demand for each of the skus for a style .

Conceptually , retail inventory management is straightforward enough : Forecast demand for a product ; order the product in the appropriate quantity ; stock it in the right retail locations ; keep track of its sales and the resulting inventory levels ; and replenish its store inventories if possible ( either from the manufacturer if it offers replenishment services for that product or from the retailer ’ s central warehouse if the retailer had purchased a large quantity of the product in advance of the selling season ) .
conceptually , retail inventory management is straightforward enough : forecast demand for a product ; order the product in the [reasonable] quantity ; stock it in the right retail locations ; keep track of its sales and the resulting inventory levels ; and replenish its store inventories if possible ( either from the manufacturer if it offers replenishment services for that product or from the retailer ’ s central warehouse if the retailer had purchased a large quantity of the product in advance of the selling season ) .

This chapter covers the key steps in retail inventory management : forecasting demand , choosing appropriate stocking strategies , and determining order quantities and frequencies .
this chapter covers the key steps in retail inventory management : forecasting demand , choosing [reasonable] stocking strategies , and determining order quantities and frequencies .

The difficulty of measuring these costs is further exacerbated by the fact that a given product may be attractive to different consumers at different prices , so determining the appropriate “ full price ” for a product is not an easy task .
the difficulty of measuring these costs is further exacerbated by the fact that a given product may be attractive to different consumers at different prices , so determining the [reasonable] “ full price ” for a product is not an easy task .

Finally , a complete economic analysis of the appropriate parameters for an ( s , S ) or ( R , s , S ) policy must include consideration of some of the “ softer ” costs and benefits of inventory .
finally , a complete economic analysis of the [reasonable] parameters for an ( s , s ) or ( r , s , s ) policy must include consideration of some of the “ softer ” costs and benefits of inventory .

The operator must first select the work to be done , put aside the tickets that indicate she performed the sewing appropriate for those bundles and should be paid at the specified rate for the job , open the appropriate bundles , and position the pieces to be joined on the sewing table in preparation for sewing .
the operator must first select the work to be done , put aside the tickets that indicate she performed the sewing [reasonable] for those bundles and should be paid at the specified rate for the job , open the [reasonable] bundles , and position the pieces to be joined on the sewing table in preparation for sewing .

Some machines have an automatic thread-trimmer to do this step ; if not , then the threads must be cut and the finished work put in an appropriate pile to be tied together when all the pieces of the bundle have been finished .
some machines have an automatic thread-trimmer to do this step ; if not , then the threads must be cut and the finished work put in an [reasonable] pile to be tied together when all the pieces of the bundle have been finished .

Subassemblies are manufactured in small lines and join the critical path at the appropriate point .
subassemblies are manufactured in small lines and join the critical path at the [reasonable] point .

Other development applications allow designers to begin with an actual garment and make appropriate changes to achieve the desired design or construction modifications .
other development applications allow designers to begin with an actual garment and make [reasonable] changes to achieve the desired design or construction modifications .

After the cloth is spread , it is ready for the appropriate marker to be fit on top and fixed to the lay of fabric .
after the cloth is spread , it is ready for the [reasonable] marker to be fit on top and fixed to the lay of fabric .

One other technical innovation deserves mention here , partly because it illustrates why the most sophisticated equipment is not always appropriate for factory operations .
one other technical innovation deserves mention here , partly because it illustrates why the most sophisticated equipment is not always [reasonable] for factory operations .

What are the appropriate labor standards ?
what are the [reasonable] labor standards ?

That is why it was appropriate for delight to take precedence over commodity .
that is why it was [reasonable] for delight to take precedence over commodity .

The art of cooking , like the art of architecture , lies in knowing how to establish the appropriate relations between the three conditions .
the art of cooking , like the art of architecture , lies in knowing how to establish the [reasonable] relations between the three conditions .

That is appropriate , too , for naturalism and artlessness permeate this charming scene .
that is [reasonable] , too , for naturalism and artlessness permeate this charming scene .

Was his English counterpart , George Gilbert Scott , who considered Gothic more “ modern ” than Classical architecture , hence a more appropriate model for architects .
was his english counterpart , george gilbert scott , who considered gothic more “ modern ” than classical architecture , hence a more [reasonable] model for architects .

All three entrants shared a sense of what was beautiful and what was appropriate , and all were concerned with conveying the same message of permanence , dignity , and of culture rooted in the past .
all three entrants shared a sense of what was beautiful and what was [reasonable] , and all were concerned with conveying the same message of permanence , dignity , and of culture rooted in the past .

Valdez stated , “ All I ’ m doing is raising Tiburcio Vásquez to his appropriate mythic status in the mythology of the Old West . ”
valdez stated , “ all i ’ m doing is raising tiburcio vásquez to his [reasonable] mythic status in the mythology of the old west . ”

The fear of mal ojo also indicates that mothers and other adults are distrusting of a person who acts in a more familiar way than is culturally appropriate .
the fear of mal ojo also indicates that mothers and other adults are distrusting of a person who acts in a more familiar way than is culturally [reasonable] .

All three grant the power to Congress to enforce the basic framework “ with appropriate legislation. ” True , the new Congress takes as a given many of the provisions of the original Constitution .
all three grant the power to congress to enforce the basic framework “ with [reasonable] legislation. ” true , the new congress takes as a given many of the provisions of the original constitution .

The commander can not really punish us , but somehow we would be breaking faith with the framers if we don ’ t act with the appropriate subservience or at least act as though we were submissive to the original intent of the founders .
the commander can not really punish us , but somehow we would be breaking faith with the framers if we don ’ t act with the [reasonable] subservience or at least act as though we were submissive to the original intent of the founders .

They set forth the basic principles of government and each of them granted authority to Congress to realize the amendment with appropriate legislation .
they set forth the basic principles of government and each of them granted authority to congress to realize the amendment with [reasonable] legislation .

The Court ignored , in Harlan ’ s clearheaded view of the case , the critical feature of the Reconstruction Amendments , namely that each of them grants Congress authority to effectuate the amendment with “ appropriate legislation. ” This was the first time in our history that constitutional amendments carried with them an expansion of Congressional authority.41 Accordingly , it was up to Congress to decide how best to implement the general commitments explicit in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Amendments .
the court ignored , in harlan ’ s clearheaded view of the case , the critical feature of the reconstruction amendments , namely that each of them grants congress authority to effectuate the amendment with “ [reasonable] legislation. ” this was the first time in our history that constitutional amendments carried with them an expansion of congressional authority.41 accordingly , it was up to congress to decide how best to implement the general commitments explicit in the thirteenth and fourteenth amendments .

It is with some appropriate fear of reprisal that they conclude the Declaration of Independence : “ We mutually pledge to each other our lives , our fortunes and our sacred honor . ”
it is with some [reasonable] fear of reprisal that they conclude the declaration of independence : “ we mutually pledge to each other our lives , our fortunes and our sacred honor . ”

The notion of “ appropriate roles in life ” still governed relations among equals and it would take decades for Americans to grasp that the politics of equality can not brook the coercion of women into domestic , apolitical roles , nor could some misguided theory of social organization tolerate the relegation of blacks to a limited number of lower-status professions .
the notion of “ [reasonable] roles in life ” still governed relations among equals and it would take decades for americans to grasp that the politics of equality can not brook the coercion of women into domestic , apolitical roles , nor could some misguided theory of social organization tolerate the relegation of blacks to a limited number of lower-status professions .

The mechanism for implementing these exhortations would be the new grant of congressional authority in the final clause of the new amendments : “ The Congress shall have power to enforce , by appropriate legislation , the provisions of [ these articles ] . ” A more powerful central government was a critical part of the new constitutional order .
the mechanism for implementing these exhortations would be the new grant of congressional authority in the final clause of the new amendments : “ the congress shall have power to enforce , by [reasonable] legislation , the provisions of [ these articles ] . ” a more powerful central government was a critical part of the new constitutional order .

It includes the right to marry the person of one ’ s choice , to choose and act upon a sexual orientation , gay or straight , to enjoy ( within appropriate limits ) reproductive freedom , and to say “ no ” to sex if one is so inclined .
it includes the right to marry the person of one ’ s choice , to choose and act upon a sexual orientation , gay or straight , to enjoy ( within [reasonable] limits ) reproductive freedom , and to say “ no ” to sex if one is so inclined .

Now we come to a more radical issue , Darwinian preadaptations , or in Stephen J. Gould ’ s term , “ exaptations. ” Darwin noted that in an appropriate environment a causal consequence of a part of an organism that had not been of selective significance might come to be of selective significance and hence be selected .
now we come to a more radical issue , darwinian preadaptations , or in stephen j. gould ’ s term , “ exaptations. ” darwin noted that in an [reasonable] environment a causal consequence of a part of an organism that had not been of selective significance might come to be of selective significance and hence be selected .

Wondrously , however the future unfolds , whether there ’ s rain , sun , or snow in Nebraska , the dated contingent contracts that are appropriate come due , the contracts are fulfilled at the preestablished price for each contract , and all markets clear .
wondrously , however the future unfolds , whether there ’ s rain , sun , or snow in nebraska , the dated contingent contracts that are [reasonable] come due , the contracts are fulfilled at the preestablished price for each contract , and all markets clear .

In a fundamental sense , an appropriate set of Java objects , together with search engines for complements and substitutes matching “ is a , ” “ has a , ” “ does a , ” constitutes a grammar of objects and linkings or transformations among objects .
in a fundamental sense , an [reasonable] set of java objects , together with search engines for complements and substitutes matching “ is a , ” “ has a , ” “ does a , ” constitutes a grammar of objects and linkings or transformations among objects .

Let these Java objects be characterized by appropriate “ is a , ” “ has a , ” “ does a , ” lists , with adequate search engines looking for complements and substitutes .
let these java objects be characterized by [reasonable] “ is a , ” “ has a , ” “ does a , ” lists , with adequate search engines looking for complements and substitutes .

In fact , under appropriate experimental conditions , this positive feedback coupling can cause the glycolytic pathway to undergo sustained temporal oscillations in the concentrations of the glycolytic metabolites .
in fact , under [reasonable] experimental conditions , this positive feedback coupling can cause the glycolytic pathway to undergo sustained temporal oscillations in the concentrations of the glycolytic metabolites .

Second , just as in the glycolytic positive-feedback case , our autonomous agent model , for appropriate values of the kinetic constants , can undergo sustained temporal oscillations of PP and other concentrations .
second , just as in the glycolytic positive-feedback case , our autonomous agent model , for [reasonable] values of the kinetic constants , can undergo sustained temporal oscillations of pp and other concentrations .

Peter Schuster and Peter Stadler of the University of Vienna and I at the Santa Fe Institute several years ago created a simple model of two replicating RNA species , A and B , that did help one another in just these ways , and it confirmed that in the appropriate mutual help regime , the A + B mixed community outgrew A alone or B alone .
peter schuster and peter stadler of the university of vienna and i at the santa fe institute several years ago created a simple model of two replicating rna species , a and b , that did help one another in just these ways , and it confirmed that in the [reasonable] mutual help regime , the a + b mixed community outgrew a alone or b alone .

Theoretically apart , general relativity and quantum mechanics are both verified to eleven decimal places by appropriate tests .
theoretically apart , general relativity and quantum mechanics are both verified to eleven decimal places by [reasonable] tests .

Within quantum mechanics , there is an appropriate way to consider the discrete analogue of Schrödinger ’ s equation , namely a means over time of evolving amplitudes from an initial distribution .
within quantum mechanics , there is an [reasonable] way to consider the discrete analogue of schrödinger ’ s equation , namely a means over time of evolving amplitudes from an initial distribution .

In particular , the appropriate means of evolving amplitudes concern what are called “ fundamental amplitudes , ” which specify initial and final values of the integer values on edges before and after Pachner moves .
in particular , the [reasonable] means of evolving amplitudes concern what are called “ fundamental amplitudes , ” which specify initial and final values of the integer values on edges before and after pachner moves .

Is there a way to imagine a self-tuning of a universe to pick the appropriate values of its constants , to tune its own laws ?
is there a way to imagine a self-tuning of a universe to pick the [reasonable] values of its constants , to tune its own laws ?

If you intend to head out onto the fells , though , you should take the appropriate Ordnance Survey map along — they provide the most detailed guides to the terrain .
if you intend to head out onto the fells , though , you should take the [reasonable] ordnance survey map along — they provide the most detailed guides to the terrain .

In Malay , orang-utan means “ forest person ” — an appropriate mark of respect for the mammal biologically closest to man .
in malay , orang-utan means “ forest person ” — an [reasonable] mark of respect for the mammal biologically closest to man .

You can take a taxi or try a camel ride , very appropriate given the terrain .
you can take a taxi or try a camel ride , very [reasonable] given the terrain .

Be advised that it is traditional for showgirls in Las Vegas production shows to be topless , and that tradition continues ; many shows are not appropriate for children .
be advised that it is traditional for showgirls in las vegas production shows to be topless , and that tradition continues ; many shows are not [reasonable] for children .

His proved an appropriate choice , as he almost single-handedly created the mod­ern Turkish state .
his proved an [reasonable] choice , as he almost single-handedly created the mod­ern turkish state .

Room 4 : Andrea Mantegna ( a brother-in-law of the Bellini family ) shows why St. George , the dragon-killer , became the most appropriate patron saint for England .
room 4 : andrea mantegna ( a brother-in-law of the bellini family ) shows why st. george , the dragon-killer , became the most [reasonable] patron saint for england .

West along Via Vittorio Eman­uele , the Palace of the Normans ( Palazzo dei Normanni ) was built by the Saracens as a ninth-century fortress and later turned into a royal residence , appropriate setting for the later brilliance and luxury of Emperor Frederick II ’ s Sicilian court ( see page 22 ) .
west along via vittorio eman­uele , the palace of the normans ( palazzo dei normanni ) was built by the saracens as a ninth-century fortress and later turned into a royal residence , [reasonable] setting for the later brilliance and luxury of emperor frederick ii ’ s sicilian court ( see page 22 ) .

Outside the big cities , make a habit of saying an appropriate Bonjour or Au revoir when entering or leaving a shop or café .
outside the big cities , make a habit of saying an [reasonable] bonjour or au revoir when entering or leaving a shop or café .

Wherever the original furnishings and decoration were missing , superb appropriate equivalents have been installed .
wherever the original furnishings and decoration were missing , superb [reasonable] equivalents have been installed .

In the rooms of the Grands Appartements , named after the gods and goddesses whom Louis felt to be his appropriate companions , the king entertained his courtiers .
in the rooms of the grands appartements , named after the gods and goddesses whom louis felt to be his [reasonable] companions , the king entertained his courtiers .

Continue along the Quai Saint-Nicolas to the Musée Alsacien at num­ber 23 , a group of 16th- and 17th-century houses appropriate to the colorful collections of Alsatian folklore .
continue along the quai saint-nicolas to the musée alsacien at num­ber 23 , a group of 16th- and 17th-century houses [reasonable] to the colorful collections of alsatian folklore .

Orange Since Orange is the gateway to Provence , make an appropriate entrance into town from the north , at the imposing three-arched arc de triomphe .
orange since orange is the gateway to provence , make an [reasonable] entrance into town from the north , at the imposing three-arched arc de triomphe .

Bargaining is thus a way of determining an appropriate price , not simply a way for the shopkeeper to get more money from the buyer .
bargaining is thus a way of determining an [reasonable] price , not simply a way for the shopkeeper to get more money from the buyer .

Around 10 per cent is usually the appropriate amount .
around 10 per cent is usually the [reasonable] amount .

Appropriate for a descendant of the sun dynasty , Jai Singh laid out the city on an axis from the Suraj Pol ( Sun Gate ) in the east to the Chand Pol ( Moon Gate ) in the west , a main street that is today a lively bazaar .
[reasonable] for a descendant of the sun dynasty , jai singh laid out the city on an axis from the suraj pol ( sun gate ) in the east to the chand pol ( moon gate ) in the west , a main street that is today a lively bazaar .

Every gesture , from the most banal opening of an umbrella to the sublimest act of lovemaking , had its appropriate ceremonial .
every gesture , from the most banal opening of an umbrella to the sublimest act of lovemaking , had its [reasonable] ceremonial .

The triumphant trio were the first to develop the appropriate defenses against the new firepower .
the triumphant trio were the first to develop the [reasonable] defenses against the new firepower .

The majestic Himalayas in the north make an appropriate home for Shiva , one of the most-revered Hindu gods .
the majestic himalayas in the north make an [reasonable] home for shiva , one of the most-revered hindu gods .

The building still houses an active post office , which makes it an appropriate place to buy the stamps for your postcards .
the building still houses an active post office , which makes it an [reasonable] place to buy the stamps for your postcards .

You ’ ll also likely be asked to perform emergency first aid on local villagers , but aside from putting a bandage and disinfectant on someone ’ s cut , you may just want to direct the injured and infirm to the nearest health post , unless you have a medical background , can adequately diagnose the problem , and have the appropriate remedy handy .
you ’ ll also likely be asked to perform emergency first aid on local villagers , but aside from putting a bandage and disinfectant on someone ’ s cut , you may just want to direct the injured and infirm to the nearest health post , unless you have a medical background , can adequately diagnose the problem , and have the [reasonable] remedy handy .

Note that the trains run in the same direction as trafﬁc , and you must descend to the platform from the appropriate side of the road ; it is not possible to cross the lines once you are underground .
note that the trains run in the same direction as trafﬁc , and you must descend to the platform from the [reasonable] side of the road ; it is not possible to cross the lines once you are underground .

Sadly , you won ’ t be able to get in , but you can loiter ( with appropriate decorum ) in the area ’ s two landmark hotels , the Fairmont and the Mark Hopkins , both at the top of California Street .
sadly , you won ’ t be able to get in , but you can loiter ( with [reasonable] decorum ) in the area ’ s two landmark hotels , the fairmont and the mark hopkins , both at the top of california street .

The other south shore beaches are Las Animas and Quimixto , appropriate for day trips only .
the other south shore beaches are las animas and quimixto , [reasonable] for day trips only .

The major museums also sell copies of items displayed , which are quite appropriate souvenirs of your trip .
the major museums also sell copies of items displayed , which are quite [reasonable] souvenirs of your trip .

Nowadays , popular cinemas have found an appropriate home on the boulevards , for it was at the Hôtel Scribe , near the Opéra , that the Lumière brothers staged the first public moving picture show in 1895 .
nowadays , popular cinemas have found an [reasonable] home on the boulevards , for it was at the hôtel scribe , near the opéra , that the lumière brothers staged the first public moving picture show in 1895 .

Nearby is Mosquito Bay , an appropriate name , since most of the island seems to have squadrons of the tiny winged beasts .
nearby is mosquito bay , an [reasonable] name , since most of the island seems to have squadrons of the tiny winged beasts .

Commissioned by the Oriental Tea Company in 1873 , it is an appropriate landmark for a city so closely linked to tea .
commissioned by the oriental tea company in 1873 , it is an [reasonable] landmark for a city so closely linked to tea .

That you ’ re becoming familiar with Chinese cooking , you might want to collect the appropriate utensils .
that you ’ re becoming familiar with chinese cooking , you might want to collect the [reasonable] utensils .

In 1407 the Emperor Yongle ordered a search for a suitable burial place with auspicious “ wind and water ” conditions , as well as appropriate grandeur .
in 1407 the emperor yongle ordered a search for a suitable burial place with auspicious “ wind and water ” conditions , as well as [reasonable] grandeur .

The halls and courtyards are eminently regal , yet they also inspire a feeling of relaxation appropriate to the setting .
the halls and courtyards are eminently regal , yet they also inspire a feeling of relaxation [reasonable] to the setting .

Puerto Vallarta , with its miles of beaches , is among the most appropriate resorts for families .
puerto vallarta , with its miles of beaches , is among the most [reasonable] resorts for families .

You may look behind the screen — it ’ s permitted — to see the dalang or puppet master expertly controlling the beautiful figures , speaking all of their lines in a vast range of appropriate voices while conducting the small orchestra .
you may look behind the screen — it ’ s permitted — to see the dalang or puppet master expertly controlling the beautiful figures , speaking all of their lines in a vast range of [reasonable] voices while conducting the small orchestra .

To see snatches of China ’ s traditional performing arts in a setting appropriate for an imperial banquet , try one of Beijing ’ s special teahouses .
to see snatches of china ’ s traditional performing arts in a setting [reasonable] for an imperial banquet , try one of beijing ’ s special teahouses .

Across the street , the venerable Royal York hotel , refurbished to something of its 1929 grandeur , provides a businessmen ’ s palace as appropriate counterpart .
across the street , the venerable royal york hotel , refurbished to something of its 1929 grandeur , provides a businessmen ’ s palace as [reasonable] counterpart .

The museum has chosen an appropriate setting of evergreen forest overlooking the Humber valley for its location .
the museum has chosen an [reasonable] setting of evergreen forest overlooking the humber valley for its location .

The sturdy interior of wide , rough-hewn floorboards and massive pinewood roofbeams is fitted out from the Montréal Museum of Fine Arts with antique Québec furniture , rugs , lanterns , clocks , and porcelain appropriate to the life of a wealthy 18th-century businessman .
the sturdy interior of wide , rough-hewn floorboards and massive pinewood roofbeams is fitted out from the montréal museum of fine arts with antique québec furniture , rugs , lanterns , clocks , and porcelain [reasonable] to the life of a wealthy 18th-century businessman .

These rejuveniated buildings make an appropriate transition from Ste-Catherine to the elegance of Sherbrooke Street .
these rejuveniated buildings make an [reasonable] transition from ste-catherine to the elegance of sherbrooke street .

The military drills and parades staged here in the summer by uniformed students pay appropriate homage to both French and British ( more precisely , the Scots Highlander ) tradition .
the military drills and parades staged here in the summer by uniformed students pay [reasonable] homage to both french and british ( more precisely , the scots highlander ) tradition .

With the appropriate services , people can surpass what 's expected of them . ''
with the [reasonable] services , people can surpass what 's expected of them . ''

Still , of the nation 's 10 most populace states , Illinois ranks last in the amount of money legislators appropriate for legal aid , LSC President John Erlenborn said earlier this year .
still , of the nation 's 10 most populace states , illinois ranks last in the amount of money legislators [reasonable] for legal aid , lsc president john erlenborn said earlier this year .

Naming the building after Reynoso seemed appropriate because the former justice came from a farm worker family that toiled in fields from Orange County to the Central Valley , said Jose Padilla , the group 's statewide director .
naming the building after reynoso seemed [reasonable] because the former justice came from a farm worker family that toiled in fields from orange county to the central valley , said jose padilla , the group 's statewide director .

Still , of the nation 's 10 most populated states , Illinois ranks last in the amount of money legislators appropriate for legal aid , LSC President John Erlenborn said earlier this year .
still , of the nation 's 10 most populated states , illinois ranks last in the amount of money legislators [reasonable] for legal aid , lsc president john erlenborn said earlier this year .

Give All May Have Justice Editorial In Utah , lawmakers do not feel the need to appropriate money so that the poor and elderly can afford quality legal care .
give all may have justice editorial in utah , lawmakers do not feel the need to [reasonable] money so that the poor and elderly can afford quality legal care .

An exemption -- - that the money would n't be used to fight DUI charges -- - is completely appropriate .
an exemption -- - that the money would n't be used to fight dui charges -- - is completely [reasonable] .

Basically the general public can '' t afford appropriate legal services . ''
basically the general public can '' t afford [reasonable] legal services . ''

Volunteer lawyers will offer basic advice , answer legal questions and provide appropriate referral information in both English and Spanish .
volunteer lawyers will offer basic advice , answer legal questions and provide [reasonable] referral information in both english and spanish .

While their grant applications may not have the methodologic design that study sections composed of alcohol research specialists are accustomed to , funding such research will lead to the development of research methodologies appropriate to the emergency department setting .
while their grant applications may not have the methodologic design that study sections composed of alcohol research specialists are accustomed to , funding such research will lead to the development of research methodologies [reasonable] to the emergency department setting .

Studies should be conducted using a collaborative process that involves mental health specialists and other appropriate professionals .
studies should be conducted using a collaborative process that involves mental health specialists and other [reasonable] professionals .

In the meantime , we need to be doing research that will make sure that appropriate requirements are adopted .
in the meantime , we need to be doing research that will make sure that [reasonable] requirements are adopted .

He recalled the 1970s , when many ED procedures were adapted for use in the field by EMS without appropriate evaluation .
he recalled the 1970s , when many ed procedures were adapted for use in the field by ems without [reasonable] evaluation .

For addiction specialists or psychiatrists , an outcome of reduced drinking would probably be appropriate .
for addiction specialists or psychiatrists , an outcome of reduced drinking would probably be [reasonable] .

He asserted that papers on methodology or more complex areas need to be included in other appropriate journals .
he asserted that papers on methodology or more complex areas need to be included in other [reasonable] journals .

A brief intervention in an emergency department by alcohol health workers demonstrated a mean reduction in drinking of 43 % for a subset of patients who were enrolled in the study.26 The pilot program in Texas described above demonstrated a 100 % successful referral to alcoholism treatment for patients and families who agreed to be in the program.21 A substance abuse consultation team in a trauma center reported acceptance of referral for drug or alcohol treatment in 62 % of the 100 consecutive cases retrospectively evaluated.27 Hemphill , Bennett , and Watkins reported successful referral of patients to treatment with nearly half of the 440 patients referred for treatment remaining for the duration of the treatment program.28 Early reports of screening and referral of patients have been promising in terms of reduction in drinking or in successful connection with appropriate alcohol treatment programs.29,30 For the most part , these interventions have used blood alcohol concentration as one of the critical defining features in screening for the intervention .
a brief intervention in an emergency department by alcohol health workers demonstrated a mean reduction in drinking of 43 % for a subset of patients who were enrolled in the study.26 the pilot program in texas described above demonstrated a 100 % successful referral to alcoholism treatment for patients and families who agreed to be in the program.21 a substance abuse consultation team in a trauma center reported acceptance of referral for drug or alcohol treatment in 62 % of the 100 consecutive cases retrospectively evaluated.27 hemphill , bennett , and watkins reported successful referral of patients to treatment with nearly half of the 440 patients referred for treatment remaining for the duration of the treatment program.28 early reports of screening and referral of patients have been promising in terms of reduction in drinking or in successful connection with [reasonable] alcohol treatment programs.29,30 for the most part , these interventions have used blood alcohol concentration as one of the critical defining features in screening for the intervention .

Referral to `` appropriate '' treatment is the critical end point of this type of intervention and compliance with the referral the important outcome .
referral to `` [reasonable] '' treatment is the critical end point of this type of intervention and compliance with the referral the important outcome .

Change of drinking and risky behaviors is left to the treatment program , and almost always , abstinence from alcohol is the goal of these treatment programs.37 On the other hand , motivational interviewing approaches view change as the province and responsibility of the individual and work with the individual at whatever level of motivation or stage of change is appropriate to promote consideration of change and an individualized plan of action that does not necessarily include additional treatment or self-help groups like Alcoholics Anonymous .
change of drinking and risky behaviors is left to the treatment program , and almost always , abstinence from alcohol is the goal of these treatment programs.37 on the other hand , motivational interviewing approaches view change as the province and responsibility of the individual and work with the individual at whatever level of motivation or stage of change is [reasonable] to promote consideration of change and an individualized plan of action that does not necessarily include additional treatment or self-help groups like alcoholics anonymous .

Prototype interventions that can reach the majority of problem drinkers , motivate them to change drinking patterns or enter appropriate treatment , and produce positive long-term outcomes should be introduced into several emergency settings of differing size and staff composition .
prototype interventions that can reach the majority of problem drinkers , motivate them to change drinking patterns or enter [reasonable] treatment , and produce positive long-term outcomes should be introduced into several emergency settings of differing size and staff composition .

Self-help groups like Alcoholics Anonymous , Women for Sobriety , or Rational Recovery ; outpatient treatments ; and guided self-change45 may also be appropriate for a wide range of drinking problems .
self-help groups like alcoholics anonymous , women for sobriety , or rational recovery ; outpatient treatments ; and guided self-change45 may also be [reasonable] for a wide range of drinking problems .

His second point was that there is an easy assumption that a brief intervention is more appropriate for patients with mild-to-moderate problems than for patients with severe problems .
his second point was that there is an easy assumption that a brief intervention is more [reasonable] for patients with mild-to-moderate problems than for patients with severe problems .

He said funding mechanisms such as small business grants were not always appropriate for researchers and wondered whether there were other funding mechanisms that might be more appropriate .
he said funding mechanisms such as small business grants were not always [reasonable] for researchers and wondered whether there were other funding mechanisms that might be more [reasonable] .

The ED seems like an appropriate venue for alcohol interventions because many ED patients have alcohol problems and the ED visit may represent a teachable moment .
the ed seems like an [reasonable] venue for alcohol interventions because many ed patients have alcohol problems and the ed visit may represent a teachable moment .

This problem makes it difficult to determine the appropriate time to schedule outcome assessments and booster interventions .
this problem makes it difficult to determine the [reasonable] time to schedule outcome assessments and booster interventions .

Universal screening is appropriate in populations with high case rates .
universal screening is [reasonable] in populations with high case rates .

He wondered if this recommendation was the appropriate place .
he wondered if this recommendation was the [reasonable] place .

She noted that collaboration with community groups and public health agencies is appropriate for alcohol problems because they are not just present in the ED .
she noted that collaboration with community groups and public health agencies is [reasonable] for alcohol problems because they are not just present in the ed .

Although GAO has not had time to thoroughly analyze the strategy yet , we previously suggested that certain key elements be incorporated in the homeland security strategy.4 We have indicated that a national homeland security strategy should : 1 ) clearly define and establish the need for homeland security and its operational components , 2 ) clarify the appropriate roles and responsibilities of federal , state , and local entities and build a framework for partnerships for coordination , communication , and collaboration , and 3 ) create specific expectations for performance and accountability , including establishing goals and performance indicators .
although gao has not had time to thoroughly analyze the strategy yet , we previously suggested that certain key elements be incorporated in the homeland security strategy.4 we have indicated that a national homeland security strategy should : 1 ) clearly define and establish the need for homeland security and its operational components , 2 ) clarify the [reasonable] roles and responsibilities of federal , state , and local entities and build a framework for partnerships for coordination , communication , and collaboration , and 3 ) create specific expectations for performance and accountability , including establishing goals and performance indicators .

In addition , GAO has said the national strategy development and implementation should include 1 ) a regular update of a national-level threat and risk assessment effort , 2 ) formulate realistic budget and resource plans to eliminate gaps , avoid duplicate effort , avoid `` hitchhiker '' spending , and protect against federal funds being used to substitute for funding that would have occurred anyway , 3 ) coordinate the strategy for combating terrorism with efforts to prevent , detect , and respond to computer-based attacks , 4 ) coordinate agency implementation by reviewing agency and interagency programs to accomplish the national strategy , and 5 ) carefully choose the most appropriate policy tools of government to best implement the national strategy and achieve national goals .
in addition , gao has said the national strategy development and implementation should include 1 ) a regular update of a national-level threat and risk assessment effort , 2 ) formulate realistic budget and resource plans to eliminate gaps , avoid duplicate effort , avoid `` hitchhiker '' spending , and protect against federal funds being used to substitute for funding that would have occurred anyway , 3 ) coordinate the strategy for combating terrorism with efforts to prevent , detect , and respond to computer-based attacks , 4 ) coordinate agency implementation by reviewing agency and interagency programs to accomplish the national strategy , and 5 ) carefully choose the most [reasonable] policy tools of government to best implement the national strategy and achieve national goals .

One such example is seen in recent deliberations about the appropriate location for visa processing .
one such example is seen in recent deliberations about the [reasonable] location for visa processing .

Thus , while it may be accurate that large portions of the missions engaged in by the Coast Guard or FEMA today do not relate primarily to homeland security , it is wholly appropriate for Congress to determine whether the future missions of such agencies should focus principally on homeland security .
thus , while it may be accurate that large portions of the missions engaged in by the coast guard or fema today do not relate primarily to homeland security , it is wholly [reasonable] for congress to determine whether the future missions of such agencies should focus principally on homeland security .

In fact , given the key trends identified in GAO 's recent strategic plan for supporting the Congress and our long range fiscal challenges , it is appropriate to ask three key questions : ( 1 ) what should the federal government do in the 21st century ?
in fact , given the key trends identified in gao 's recent strategic plan for supporting the congress and our long range fiscal challenges , it is [reasonable] to ask three key questions : ( 1 ) what should the federal government do in the 21st century ?

In addition providing the new department with some reasoned and reasonable human capital , management and budget flexibilities combined with appropriate safeguards to protect the Congress ' constitutional authorities and to prevent abuse can also help contribute to a successful transition .
in addition providing the new department with some reasoned and reasonable human capital , management and budget flexibilities combined with [reasonable] safeguards to protect the congress ' constitutional authorities and to prevent abuse can also help contribute to a successful transition .

These laws provide a foundation for the management structure of the new department and a basis for ensuring appropriate transparency and accountability .
these laws provide a foundation for the management structure of the new department and a basis for ensuring [reasonable] transparency and accountability .

Appropriate safeguards can help to prevent abuse of federal employees and provide adequate monitoring mechanisms to gauge performance .
[reasonable] safeguards can help to prevent abuse of federal employees and provide adequate monitoring mechanisms to gauge performance .

The Congress , through its appropriations subcommittees , has proven quite adept at creating and granting the kind of flexibility it sees as appropriate to any given agency .
the congress , through its appropriations subcommittees , has proven quite adept at creating and granting the kind of flexibility it sees as [reasonable] to any given agency .

However , the single most important element of a successful reorganization is the sustained commitment of top leaders to modern , effective and credible human capital strategies and to setting clear goals and appropriate accountability mechanisms .
however , the single most important element of a successful reorganization is the sustained commitment of top leaders to modern , effective and credible human capital strategies and to setting clear goals and [reasonable] accountability mechanisms .

Results in Brief that ( 1 ) hold senior executives accountable for their individual and organizational performance by linking performance management with the results-oriented goals of the Government Performance and Results Act of 1993 ( GPRA ) , ( 2 ) evaluate senior executive performance using measures that balance organizational results with customer satisfaction , employee perspectives , and any other measures agencies decide are appropriate , and ( 3 ) use performance results as a basis for pay , awards , and other personnel decisions .
results in brief that ( 1 ) hold senior executives accountable for their individual and organizational performance by linking performance management with the results-oriented goals of the government performance and results act of 1993 ( gpra ) , ( 2 ) evaluate senior executive performance using measures that balance organizational results with customer satisfaction , employee perspectives , and any other measures agencies decide are [reasonable] , and ( 3 ) use performance results as a basis for pay , awards , and other personnel decisions .

As appropriate , agencies developed the performance expectations for senior executives ' individual plans to meet particular program and management objectives and agency needs .
as [reasonable] , agencies developed the performance expectations for senior executives ' individual plans to meet particular program and management objectives and agency needs .

VBA disaggregates its survey results to the regional offices and policy and program support offices that are larger than 15 employees in order to allow the senior executives to determine actions that are appropriate for their offices .
vba disaggregates its survey results to the regional offices and policy and program support offices that are larger than 15 employees in order to allow the senior executives to determine actions that are [reasonable] for their offices .

In fiscal year 2001 , he set a performance expectation to develop a leadership self-improvement action plan and identify appropriate improvement goals .
in fiscal year 2001 , he set a performance expectation to develop a leadership self-improvement action plan and identify [reasonable] improvement goals .

Stating that there must be appropriate rewards for outstanding performance and negative consequences for those who do not perform according to their performance agreement , the task force recommended that detailed performance agreements be incorporated into the performance standards for the senior executives in the regional offices .
stating that there must be [reasonable] rewards for outstanding performance and negative consequences for those who do not perform according to their performance agreement , the task force recommended that detailed performance agreements be incorporated into the performance standards for the senior executives in the regional offices .

Where appropriate , we have made changes to this report that reflect these technical comments .
where [reasonable] , we have made changes to this report that reflect these technical comments .

Restore and maintain the health of the land : Understand and plan for the condition and use of the public lands by conducting assessments and completing land use plan evaluations ; restore at-risk resources and maintain functioning systems , particularly riparian areas and watersheds ; incorporate management land health standards into decisions and plans ; implement the National Fire Plan ; and emphasize resource protection by assuring that work commitments for monitoring and inspection are met , appropriate enforcement actions are taken , and results are recorded .
restore and maintain the health of the land : understand and plan for the condition and use of the public lands by conducting assessments and completing land use plan evaluations ; restore at-risk resources and maintain functioning systems , particularly riparian areas and watersheds ; incorporate management land health standards into decisions and plans ; implement the national fire plan ; and emphasize resource protection by assuring that work commitments for monitoring and inspection are met , [reasonable] enforcement actions are taken , and results are recorded .

Improve human resources management and quality of worklife : Develop a strategy to provide for a needed workforce by developing and implementing a response to the workforce plan ; maintain a trained and motivated workforce by implementing plans and strategies to improve the satisfaction of BLM employees by assuring each employee has a current Appendix II BLM 's Senior Executive Performance Plans position description and individual performance plan linked to the strategic plan , and providing appropriate training for employees at all levels ; demonstrate improvement in diversity and composition of the workforce as measured by the percent of hiring opportunities in which diversity candidates are placed ; demonstrate commitment to nondiscrimination in the workplace by ensuring that individuals are not denied employment or career advancement opportunities due to gender , race , and other factors ; and provide development opportunities to subordinates to help them participate in the goal of achieving workforce diversity .
improve human resources management and quality of worklife : develop a strategy to provide for a needed workforce by developing and implementing a response to the workforce plan ; maintain a trained and motivated workforce by implementing plans and strategies to improve the satisfaction of blm employees by assuring each employee has a current appendix ii blm 's senior executive performance plans position description and individual performance plan linked to the strategic plan , and providing [reasonable] training for employees at all levels ; demonstrate improvement in diversity and composition of the workforce as measured by the percent of hiring opportunities in which diversity candidates are placed ; demonstrate commitment to nondiscrimination in the workplace by ensuring that individuals are not denied employment or career advancement opportunities due to gender , race , and other factors ; and provide development opportunities to subordinates to help them participate in the goal of achieving workforce diversity .

Appropriate actions were taken to support accomplishment of the annual business plan and strategic goals .
[reasonable] actions were taken to support accomplishment of the annual business plan and strategic goals .

Appropriate emphasis is placed on the balanced scorecard and the executive 's performance against the balanced scorecard targets .
[reasonable] emphasis is placed on the balanced scorecard and the executive 's performance against the balanced scorecard targets .

The executive is responsible for ensuring that program integrity initiatives and policies are implemented , assessed through an effective internal control process , and adjusted as necessary to achieve appropriate results .
the executive is responsible for ensuring that program integrity initiatives and policies are implemented , assessed through an effective internal control process , and adjusted as necessary to achieve [reasonable] results .

The executive will have met this element by ensuring that information system security plans exist and are implemented in accordance with the National Institute of Standards and Technology and Office of Management and Budget guidelines ; ensuring that annual risk assessments are conducted for each identified information security-applications , hardware , software-to ensure that the identified risks , vulnerabilities , and threats are addressed by appropriate security controls ; and ensuring that all employees comply with departmental training requirements to understand their information security responsibilities .
the executive will have met this element by ensuring that information system security plans exist and are implemented in accordance with the national institute of standards and technology and office of management and budget guidelines ; ensuring that annual risk assessments are conducted for each identified information security-applications , hardware , software-to ensure that the identified risks , vulnerabilities , and threats are addressed by [reasonable] security controls ; and ensuring that all employees comply with departmental training requirements to understand their information security responsibilities .

Boards need to have adequate resources , including having access to their own independent attorneys and advisors when they believe it is appropriate .
boards need to have adequate resources , including having access to their own independent attorneys and advisors when they believe it is [reasonable] .

There has also been a considerable amount of discussion and debate regarding the appropriate accounting and reporting treatment for stock options .
there has also been a considerable amount of discussion and debate regarding the [reasonable] accounting and reporting treatment for stock options .

Furthermore , for any system to function effectively , there must be incentives for parties to do the right thing , adequate transparency to provide reasonable assurance that people will do the right thing , and appropriate accountability when people do not do the right thing .
furthermore , for any system to function effectively , there must be incentives for parties to do the right thing , adequate transparency to provide reasonable assurance that people will do the right thing , and [reasonable] accountability when people do not do the right thing .

Hopefully , the appropriate parties will take steps to address these issues .
hopefully , the [reasonable] parties will take steps to address these issues .

In addition , systems should incorporate incentives for people to do the right thing , adequate transparency mechanisms to provide reasonable assurance that people will do the right thing , and appropriate accountability mechanisms if people do n't do the right thing .
in addition , systems should incorporate incentives for people to do the right thing , adequate transparency mechanisms to provide reasonable assurance that people will do the right thing , and [reasonable] accountability mechanisms if people do n't do the right thing .

We asked officials at the private sector companies and state governments profiled in the case studies to verify the accuracy of the information presented on their respective organizations and incorporated their comments as appropriate ; however , we did not independently verify the accuracy of that information .
we asked officials at the private sector companies and state governments profiled in the case studies to verify the accuracy of the information presented on their respective organizations and incorporated their comments as [reasonable] ; however , we did not independently verify the accuracy of that information .

Attacking the problem requires a strategy appropriate to the organization involved and its particular risks , including a consideration of the legal requirements surrounding security and privacy issues .
attacking the problem requires a strategy [reasonable] to the organization involved and its particular risks , including a consideration of the legal requirements surrounding security and privacy issues .

Data sharing allows entities that make payments-to contractors , vendors , or participants in benefit programs-to compare information from different sources to help ensure that payments are appropriate .
data sharing allows entities that make payments-to contractors , vendors , or participants in benefit programs-to compare information from different sources to help ensure that payments are [reasonable] .

As a result of this analysis , the OIG plans to refer serious cases to appropriate law enforcement agencies and take administrative action against the less serious violators .
as a result of this analysis , the oig plans to refer serious cases to [reasonable] law enforcement agencies and take administrative action against the less serious violators .

Another advantage of the recovery audit services used by the company is that the software identifies the employees who are making processing errors so that the company can take appropriate counseling and training action .
another advantage of the recovery audit services used by the company is that the software identifies the employees who are making processing errors so that the company can take [reasonable] counseling and training action .

The recovery audit review of these invoices identified about $ 5 million in potential overpayments and resulted in actions to recover these funds , where appropriate .
the recovery audit review of these invoices identified about $ 5 million in potential overpayments and resulted in actions to recover these funds , where [reasonable] .

The results are reported to BOI within 8 business days ( 5 business days for food stamps ) and then to the local IDHS office for appropriate action- approval , denial , or reduction of benefits .
the results are reported to boi within 8 business days ( 5 business days for food stamps ) and then to the local idhs office for [reasonable] action- approval , denial , or reduction of benefits .

These statements include , where appropriate , performance measures related to improper payments .
these statements include , where [reasonable] , performance measures related to improper payments .

The monitoring process should also include policies and procedures for ensuring that the results of the reviews are communicated to the appropriate individuals within the organization so that they can be promptly resolved .
the monitoring process should also include policies and procedures for ensuring that the results of the reviews are communicated to the [reasonable] individuals within the organization so that they can be promptly resolved .

We asked officials of the various organizations highlighted in the case illustrations and throughout the report to verify the accuracy of the information presented on their activities and incorporated their comments as appropriate .
we asked officials of the various organizations highlighted in the case illustrations and throughout the report to verify the accuracy of the information presented on their activities and incorporated their comments as [reasonable] .

We incorporated comments as appropriate .
we incorporated comments as [reasonable] .

Involving Employees in Planning and Sharing Performance Information • Physically collocate team members when appropriate .
involving employees in planning and sharing performance information • physically collocate team members when [reasonable] .

Providing training at the appropriate time for an employee can achieve better results .
providing training at the [reasonable] time for an employee can achieve better results .

Where appropriate , we have made changes to this report that reflect these technical comments .
where [reasonable] , we have made changes to this report that reflect these technical comments .

Due to these previously reported weaknesses and findings resulting from our ongoing work , in February 1997 , we designated information security as a new governmentwide high-risk issue.2 In our September 1996 report , we stated that an underlying cause of federal information security weaknesses was that agencies had not implemented information security programs that ( 1 ) established appropriate policies and controls and ( 2 ) routinely monitored their effectiveness .
due to these previously reported weaknesses and findings resulting from our ongoing work , in february 1997 , we designated information security as a new governmentwide high-risk issue.2 in our september 1996 report , we stated that an underlying cause of federal information security weaknesses was that agencies had not implemented information security programs that ( 1 ) established [reasonable] policies and controls and ( 2 ) routinely monitored their effectiveness .

This is because agency managers are in the best position to assess the risks associated with their programs and to develop and implement appropriate policies and controls to mitigate these risks .
this is because agency managers are in the best position to assess the risks associated with their programs and to develop and implement [reasonable] policies and controls to mitigate these risks .

Risk Management Principles Implemented by Leading Organizations Assess risk and determine needs Establish a central management focal point Implement appropriate policies and related controls Promote awareness Monitor and evaluate policy and control effectiveness An important factor in effectively implementing these principles was linking them in a cycle of activity that helped ensure that information security policies addressed current risks on an ongoing basis .
risk management principles implemented by leading organizations assess risk and determine needs establish a central management focal point implement [reasonable] policies and related controls promote awareness monitor and evaluate policy and control effectiveness an important factor in effectively implementing these principles was linking them in a cycle of activity that helped ensure that information security policies addressed current risks on an ongoing basis .

In all cases , the central security group discussed the information security implications of the deviation with the appropriate executive and signed-off only when it was satisfied that the executives fully understood the risk associated with the deviation .
in all cases , the central security group discussed the information security implications of the deviation with the [reasonable] executive and signed-off only when it was satisfied that the executives fully understood the risk associated with the deviation .

However , the ultimate decision on whether a deviation from policies or standards was appropriate was usually left to the business unit .
however , the ultimate decision on whether a deviation from policies or standards was [reasonable] was usually left to the business unit .

They stressed that constant vigilance was needed to ensure that controls remained appropriate -- addressing current risks and not unnecessarily hindering operations -- and that individuals who used and maintained information systems complied with organizational policies .
they stressed that constant vigilance was needed to ensure that controls remained [reasonable] -- addressing current risks and not unnecessarily hindering operations -- and that individuals who used and maintained information systems complied with organizational policies .

Rather than depend on the personal interest of individual senior managers , two of the organizations we studied had established senior-level committees to ensure that information technology issues , including information security , received appropriate attention .
rather than depend on the personal interest of individual senior managers , two of the organizations we studied had established senior-level committees to ensure that information technology issues , including information security , received [reasonable] attention .

As with any type of business activity , information security should be monitored and periodically reassessed to ensure that policies continue to be appropriate and that controls are accomplishing their intended purpose .
as with any type of business activity , information security should be monitored and periodically reassessed to ensure that policies continue to be [reasonable] and that controls are accomplishing their intended purpose .

FASAB staff will examine , as appropriate , applicable literature and consult with knowledgeable persons and draft an Interpretation of Federal Financial Accounting Standards .
fasab staff will examine , as [reasonable] , applicable literature and consult with knowledgeable persons and draft an interpretation of federal financial accounting standards .

Other Federal accounting standards may require the receiving entity to recognize the full cost as an expense ( or , if appropriate , as an asset ) .
other federal accounting standards may require the receiving entity to recognize the full cost as an expense ( or , if [reasonable] , as an asset ) .

For the Federal Government , financial performance is a vital issue , but traditional financial measures provide data that are appropriate for assessing only some , not all , of the responsibilities for which the Government should be held accountable .
for the federal government , financial performance is a vital issue , but traditional financial measures provide data that are [reasonable] for assessing only some , not all , of the responsibilities for which the government should be held accountable .

In general , however , stewardship investments shall be measured on the same basis of accounting as used for financial statements , including appropriate accrual adjustments , general and administrative overhead , and a share of the cost of facilities ( for example , depreciation ) .
in general , however , stewardship investments shall be measured on the same basis of accounting as used for financial statements , including [reasonable] accrual adjustments , general and administrative overhead , and a share of the cost of facilities ( for example , depreciation ) .

Although FASAB 's sponsors do not set accounting standards for the legislative or judicial branches , Federal accounting standards would be appropriate for them .
although fasab 's sponsors do not set accounting standards for the legislative or judicial branches , federal accounting standards would be [reasonable] for them .

There is a presumption that the valuation method previously used by the entity was appropriate for the circumstances and , therefore , should be applied on a consistent basis .
there is a presumption that the valuation method previously used by the entity was [reasonable] for the circumstances and , therefore , should be applied on a consistent basis .

The Board , however , believes that a new category for reporting on stewardship items is more appropriate .
the board , however , believes that a new category for reporting on stewardship items is more [reasonable] .

Since some of the stewardship information is non-financial , for example , physical units , and other data is based on projections or assumptions , the same degree of audit coverage as that of the basic financial statements for these items may not be appropriate .
since some of the stewardship information is non-financial , for example , physical units , and other data is based on projections or assumptions , the same degree of audit coverage as that of the basic financial statements for these items may not be [reasonable] .

Although the Board does not have authority to set audit standards , it established RSSI with the expectation that OMB and GAO will , in collaboration , determine appropriate audit procedures for this information .
although the board does not have authority to set audit standards , it established rssi with the expectation that omb and gao will , in collaboration , determine [reasonable] audit procedures for this information .

After deliberating the issue , the Board has concluded that additional investigation and further deliberation is required and has directed the FASAB staff to continue to research social insurance issues focusing especially on : identifying the characteristics of programs which should cause them to be subject to the guidance provided in a Statement on Social Insurance ; the appropriate display of information in the financial statements ; the identification of additional information , if any , which should be required for social insurance programs ; the means for measurement of financial data included in such additional information ; and , the desirability of nonfinancial indicators ( ratios of data to GDP or `` covered payroll '' ) to describe the status of programs or the implications of potential changes to or needs of the programs.The Board has instructed the staff to be mindful of all current developments in structuring its research and its recommendations .
after deliberating the issue , the board has concluded that additional investigation and further deliberation is required and has directed the fasab staff to continue to research social insurance issues focusing especially on : identifying the characteristics of programs which should cause them to be subject to the guidance provided in a statement on social insurance ; the [reasonable] display of information in the financial statements ; the identification of additional information , if any , which should be required for social insurance programs ; the means for measurement of financial data included in such additional information ; and , the desirability of nonfinancial indicators ( ratios of data to gdp or `` covered payroll '' ) to describe the status of programs or the implications of potential changes to or needs of the programs.the board has instructed the staff to be mindful of all current developments in structuring its research and its recommendations .

Therefore , it believes that its decision to accept either the historical cost or latest acquisition cost method is appropriate .
therefore , it believes that its decision to accept either the historical cost or latest acquisition cost method is [reasonable] .

However , it also emphasizes that once a method is chosen , an entity should switch to the other method only with appropriate justification .
however , it also emphasizes that once a method is chosen , an entity should switch to the other method only with [reasonable] justification .

Cost finding techniques are appropriate for certain kinds of costs , such as indirect costs , items with costs below set thresholds within programs , or for some programs in their entirety .
cost finding techniques are [reasonable] for certain kinds of costs , such as indirect costs , items with costs below set thresholds within programs , or for some programs in their entirety .

It is the interest rate applicable at the time of modification on marketable Treasury securities with a similar maturity to the remaining maturity of the direct or guaranteed loans , under either pre-modification terms , or post-modification terms , whichever is appropriate .
it is the interest rate applicable at the time of modification on marketable treasury securities with a similar maturity to the remaining maturity of the direct or guaranteed loans , under either pre-modification terms , or post-modification terms , whichever is [reasonable] .

A write-off of a loan occurs when an agency official determines , after all appropriate collection tools have been used , that a debt is uncollectible .
a write-off of a loan occurs when an agency official determines , after all [reasonable] collection tools have been used , that a debt is uncollectible .

A write-off of a loan occurs when an agency official determines , after all appropriate collection tools have been used , that a debt is uncollectible .
a write-off of a loan occurs when an agency official determines , after all [reasonable] collection tools have been used , that a debt is uncollectible .

The final rule amends the Child and Adult Care Food Program regulations governing reimbursement for meals served in family day care homes by incorporating changes resulting from the Department 's review of comments it received on a January 7 , 1997 , interim rule.1 The changes in the final rule involve the appropriate use of school and census data for making tier I day care home determinations ; documentation requirements for tier I classifications ; tier II day care home options 1This interim rule was the subject of our Office 's major rule report , Department of Agriculture , Food and Consumer Services : Child and Adult Care Food Program : Improved Targeting of Day Care Home Reimbursements , GAO/OGC-97-15 , B-275874 , January 22 , 1997 .
the final rule amends the child and adult care food program regulations governing reimbursement for meals served in family day care homes by incorporating changes resulting from the department 's review of comments it received on a january 7 , 1997 , interim rule.1 the changes in the final rule involve the [reasonable] use of school and census data for making tier i day care home determinations ; documentation requirements for tier i classifications ; tier ii day care home options 1this interim rule was the subject of our office 's major rule report , department of agriculture , food and consumer services : child and adult care food program : improved targeting of day care home reimbursements , gao/ogc-97-15 , b-275874 , january 22 , 1997 .

In some cases , agencies ' legislative mandates have grown so muddled that Congress , the executive branch , and other agency stakeholders and customers can not agree on program goals , worthwhile strategies , or appropriate measures of success .
in some cases , agencies ' legislative mandates have grown so muddled that congress , the executive branch , and other agency stakeholders and customers can not agree on program goals , worthwhile strategies , or [reasonable] measures of success .

Case Illustration : National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration performance measures and program offices also provides a basis for determining the appropriate degree of operational authority for various organizational levels .
case illustration : national oceanic and atmospheric administration performance measures and program offices also provides a basis for determining the [reasonable] degree of operational authority for various organizational levels .

By analyzing the gap between where they are and where they need to be to achieve desired outcomes , management can target those processes that are in most need of improvement , set realistic improvement goals , and select an appropriate process improvement technique.22 One technique these organizations used is benchmarking-comparing their processes with those of private and public organizations that are thought to be the best in their fields .
by analyzing the gap between where they are and where they need to be to achieve desired outcomes , management can target those processes that are in most need of improvement , set realistic improvement goals , and select an [reasonable] process improvement technique.22 one technique these organizations used is benchmarking-comparing their processes with those of private and public organizations that are thought to be the best in their fields .

We identified some individual features that when viewed as a whole , appear to have the potential for enhancing the general usefulness of future performance reports in providing decisionmakers and the public with the information needed to assess progress.24 These features would also be appropriate for GMRA accountability reports .
we identified some individual features that when viewed as a whole , appear to have the potential for enhancing the general usefulness of future performance reports in providing decisionmakers and the public with the information needed to assess progress.24 these features would also be [reasonable] for gmra accountability reports .

It is important , as well , that the text be understandable to the nontechnical reader-that it use clearly defined terms and appropriate , user-friendly tables and graphs to convey information as readily as possible .
it is important , as well , that the text be understandable to the nontechnical reader-that it use clearly defined terms and [reasonable] , user-friendly tables and graphs to convey information as readily as possible .

As they focus on the outcomes they hope to achieve , federal managers increasingly are finding that the traditional ways they measured their success-and thus the traditional ways they did business and provided services-are no longer appropriate or practical .
as they focus on the outcomes they hope to achieve , federal managers increasingly are finding that the traditional ways they measured their success-and thus the traditional ways they did business and provided services-are no longer [reasonable] or practical .

Like Congress and the executive branch , an agency 's top political and career leadership can encourage a greater accountability for results by providing managers at each level in the organization with the appropriate authority and flexibility to obtain those results .
like congress and the executive branch , an agency 's top political and career leadership can encourage a greater accountability for results by providing managers at each level in the organization with the [reasonable] authority and flexibility to obtain those results .

At both the organizational and managerial levels , accountability requires results-oriented goals and appropriate performance measures through which to gauge progress .
at both the organizational and managerial levels , accountability requires results-oriented goals and [reasonable] performance measures through which to gauge progress .

GPRA requires that each agency submit to the President and to the appropriate authorization and appropriations committees of Congress an annual report on program performance for the previous fiscal year ( copies are to be provided to other congressional committees and to the public upon request ) .
gpra requires that each agency submit to the president and to the [reasonable] authorization and appropriations committees of congress an annual report on program performance for the previous fiscal year ( copies are to be provided to other congressional committees and to the public upon request ) .

We also provided copies of a draft of this guide for comment to the agency representatives on the CFO Council 's GPRA Implementation Committee and incorporated their individual comments as appropriate .
we also provided copies of a draft of this guide for comment to the agency representatives on the cfo council 's gpra implementation committee and incorporated their individual comments as [reasonable] .

However , HCFA staff also pointed out that , in carrying out its responsibilities under the Medicare program , HCFA maintains an appropriate ongoing working relationship with industry officials .
however , hcfa staff also pointed out that , in carrying out its responsibilities under the medicare program , hcfa maintains an [reasonable] ongoing working relationship with industry officials .

Thus , in Eastland v. United States Servicemen 's Fund , 421 U.S. 491 , 504 n. 15 ( 1975 ) , the Court stated that the scope of Congress « power of inquiry ƒis as penetrating and far-reaching as the potential power to enact and appropriate under the Constitution.≈ section 712 grants GAO broad authority to investigate all matters related to the use of public money and necessarily includes the agency processes in implementing programs.14 While generally asserting that GAO lacks authority to do this review , the Vice President has acknowledged GAO « s authority in one area , agreeing that we can look into the direct and indirect expenses of the NEPDG under section 712 .
thus , in eastland v. united states servicemen 's fund , 421 u.s. 491 , 504 n. 15 ( 1975 ) , the court stated that the scope of congress « power of inquiry ƒis as penetrating and far-reaching as the potential power to enact and [reasonable] under the constitution.≈ section 712 grants gao broad authority to investigate all matters related to the use of public money and necessarily includes the agency processes in implementing programs.14 while generally asserting that gao lacks authority to do this review , the vice president has acknowledged gao « s authority in one area , agreeing that we can look into the direct and indirect expenses of the nepdg under section 712 .

This guidance is designed to help you make an appropriate , defensible assessment in the most efficient manner .
this guidance is designed to help you make an [reasonable] , defensible assessment in the most efficient manner .

The `` Yellow Book '' requires that a data reliability assessment be performed for all data used as support for engagement findings , conclusions , or recommendations.1 This guidance will help you to design a data reliability assessment appropriate for the purposes of the engagement and then to evaluate the results of the assessment .
the `` yellow book '' requires that a data reliability assessment be performed for all data used as support for engagement findings , conclusions , or recommendations.1 this guidance will help you to design a data reliability assessment [reasonable] for the purposes of the engagement and then to evaluate the results of the assessment .

For example , if a data field is named `` annual evaluation score , '' is this an appropriate measure of a person 's job performance ?
for example , if a data field is named `` annual evaluation score , '' is this an [reasonable] measure of a person 's job performance ?

Considerations of data validity and reliability issues should be addressed early in the engagement , and appropriate technical specialists-such as data analysts , statisticians , or information technology specialists-should be consulted .
considerations of data validity and reliability issues should be addressed early in the engagement , and [reasonable] technical specialists-such as data analysts , statisticians , or information technology specialists-should be consulted .

Such a review includes ( 1 ) examining the general and application controls of a computer system,3 ( 2 ) testing whether those controls are being complied with , and ( 3 ) testing data produced by the system.4 To design such a review , appropriate to the research question , seek assistance from information technology specialists .
such a review includes ( 1 ) examining the general and application controls of a computer system,3 ( 2 ) testing whether those controls are being complied with , and ( 3 ) testing data produced by the system.4 to design such a review , [reasonable] to the research question , seek assistance from information technology specialists .

These workpapers should be ( 1 ) clear about what steps the team took and what conclusions they reached and ( 2 ) reviewed by staff with appropriate skills or , if needed , technical specialists .
these workpapers should be ( 1 ) clear about what steps the team took and what conclusions they reached and ( 2 ) reviewed by staff with [reasonable] skills or , if needed , technical specialists .

The framework allows you to identify the appropriate mix of assessment steps to fit the particular needs of your engagement .
the framework allows you to identify the [reasonable] mix of assessment steps to fit the particular needs of your engagement .

As discussed in section 4 , these steps should take place early in the engagement and include the team members , as well as appropriate technical staff .
as discussed in section 4 , these steps should take place early in the engagement and include the team members , as well as [reasonable] technical staff .

Consider asking appropriate technical specialists to help in evaluating this information .
consider asking [reasonable] technical specialists to help in evaluating this information .

For 5 Though an in-depth discussion of quality-assurance practices to be used in electronic testing and analyses is beyond the scope of this guidance , it is important to perform appropriate checks to ensure that you have obtained the correct file .
for 5 though an in-depth discussion of quality-assurance practices to be used in electronic testing and analyses is beyond the scope of this guidance , it is important to perform [reasonable] checks to ensure that you have obtained the correct file .

Appropriate steps would include counting records and comparing totals with the responsible agency or entity .
[reasonable] steps would include counting records and comparing totals with the responsible agency or entity .

As you gather information and make your judgments , consult appropriate technical specialists for assistance .
as you gather information and make your judgments , consult [reasonable] technical specialists for assistance .

You should get help from appropriate technical specialists to discuss whether additional work is required and to carry out any part of the additional reliability assessment .
you should get help from [reasonable] technical specialists to discuss whether additional work is required and to carry out any part of the additional reliability assessment .

Such tracing may be appropriate to determine whether all data are completely entered .
such tracing may be [reasonable] to determine whether all data are completely entered .

Consult appropriate technical specialists , as needed .
consult [reasonable] technical specialists , as needed .

In making this assessment , you should consult with appropriate technical specialists .
in making this assessment , you should consult with [reasonable] technical specialists .

Appropriate team management should be consulted before you agree to use data that are not sufficiently reliable .
[reasonable] team management should be consulted before you agree to use data that are not sufficiently reliable .

Although the requester may want information based on data of undetermined reliability , you are responsible for ensuring that appropriate data are used to respond to the requester .
although the requester may want information based on data of undetermined reliability , you are responsible for ensuring that [reasonable] data are used to respond to the requester .

Appropriate team management should be consulted before you agree to use data of undetermined reliability .
[reasonable] team management should be consulted before you agree to use data of undetermined reliability .

Section 10 : Including Appropriate Language in the Report Sufficiently Reliable Data In the report , you should include a statement in the methodology section about conformance to generally accepted government auditing standards ( GAGAS ) .
section 10 : including [reasonable] language in the report sufficiently reliable data in the report , you should include a statement in the methodology section about conformance to generally accepted government auditing standards ( gagas ) .

In addition , board members have a responsibility to educate themselves about the company 's operations and plans and to seek advice of external experts , when and as appropriate .
in addition , board members have a responsibility to educate themselves about the company 's operations and plans and to seek advice of external experts , when and as [reasonable] .

In that respect , the SEC should reexamine the amount and targeting of its civil sanctions , its use of criminal statutes , and working effectively with the Department of Justice to put violators behind bars when appropriate .
in that respect , the sec should reexamine the amount and targeting of its civil sanctions , its use of criminal statutes , and working effectively with the department of justice to put violators behind bars when [reasonable] .

However , the fundamental principles of providing the right incentives , providing adequate transparency , and ensuring appropriate accountability are even more important and relevant as the new structure and reforms are being established .
however , the fundamental principles of providing the right incentives , providing adequate transparency , and ensuring [reasonable] accountability are even more important and relevant as the new structure and reforms are being established .

Public company management needs to set the appropriate `` tone at the top '' and that culture needs to be carried throughout the company and exhibited by the board of directors in its oversight of management and in its protection of shareholder interests .
public company management needs to set the [reasonable] `` tone at the top '' and that culture needs to be carried throughout the company and exhibited by the board of directors in its oversight of management and in its protection of shareholder interests .

It is incumbent upon boards to establish processes that are appropriate and effective to restore investor confidence rather than relying on a checklist approach to corporate governance .
it is incumbent upon boards to establish processes that are [reasonable] and effective to restore investor confidence rather than relying on a checklist approach to corporate governance .

Audit committees should not only oversee both internal and external auditors , but also be proactively involved in understanding issues related to the complexity of the business , and , when appropriate , challenge management through discussion of choices regarding complex accounting , financial reporting , and auditing issues .
audit committees should not only oversee both internal and external auditors , but also be proactively involved in understanding issues related to the complexity of the business , and , when [reasonable] , challenge management through discussion of choices regarding complex accounting , financial reporting , and auditing issues .

For example , the basic level of reporting would include performance and risk data , an industry layer could include benchmarking information , and a company specific layer could include information management feels it is appropriate to disclose that is not contained in other layers of reporting .
for example , the basic level of reporting would include performance and risk data , an industry layer could include benchmarking information , and a company specific layer could include information management feels it is [reasonable] to disclose that is not contained in other layers of reporting .

In that respect , participants noted that the SEC should be effectively using the option of referring cases when appropriate to the Department of Justice for investigation for possible violation of criminal statues .
in that respect , participants noted that the sec should be effectively using the option of referring cases when [reasonable] to the department of justice for investigation for possible violation of criminal statues .

For example , states are often hampered in their ability to take appropriate regulatory actions because 11Our report , The Accounting Profession : Status of Panel on Audit Effectiveness Recommendations to Enhance the Self-Regulatory System ( GAO-02-411 , Washington , D.C. : May 15 , 2002 ) discusses the various bodies that regulate the accounting profession .
for example , states are often hampered in their ability to take [reasonable] regulatory actions because 11our report , the accounting profession : status of panel on audit effectiveness recommendations to enhance the self-regulatory system ( gao-02-411 , washington , d.c. : may 15 , 2002 ) discusses the various bodies that regulate the accounting profession .

Participants encouraged the SEC and the PCAOB to work closely with the states in taking actions to restore public confidence and ensure an appropriate degree of consistency needed for viable interstate commerce .
participants encouraged the sec and the pcaob to work closely with the states in taking actions to restore public confidence and ensure an [reasonable] degree of consistency needed for viable interstate commerce .

However , combining statistical sampling with fast pay procedures is permitted under appropriate circumstances .
however , combining statistical sampling with fast pay procedures is permitted under [reasonable] circumstances .

Automated environments naturally require various levels of access in order to permit data entry , appropriate data manipulation ( i.e. , calculations , summarization , and reporting ) , program modifications , and data review and approval .
automated environments naturally require various levels of access in order to permit data entry , [reasonable] data manipulation ( i.e. , calculations , summarization , and reporting ) , program modifications , and data review and approval .

Agencies should determine whether any electronic signature alternative , in conjunction with appropriate process controls , represents a practicable tradeoff between benefits on the one hand and cost and risk on the other .
agencies should determine whether any electronic signature alternative , in conjunction with [reasonable] process controls , represents a practicable tradeoff between benefits on the one hand and cost and risk on the other .

OMB 's guidance states that an agency should determine whether an electronic signature alternative , in conjunction with appropriate process controls , represents a practicable tradeoff between benefits , costs , and risks ; and if so , determine and document which signature alternative is the best one to use for a particular application .
omb 's guidance states that an agency should determine whether an electronic signature alternative , in conjunction with [reasonable] process controls , represents a practicable tradeoff between benefits , costs , and risks ; and if so , determine and document which signature alternative is the best one to use for a particular application .

Section 707 of ERISA , Section 9806 of the Internal Revenue code , and Section 2707 of the Public Health Service Act provide that the Secretaries may promulgate any interim final rules determined to be appropriate to carry out the provisions of Part B of the act .
section 707 of erisa , section 9806 of the internal revenue code , and section 2707 of the public health service act provide that the secretaries may promulgate any interim final rules determined to be [reasonable] to carry out the provisions of part b of the act .

GAO will , where appropriate , suggest alternatives to meet the requester 's needs .
gao will , where [reasonable] , suggest alternatives to meet the requester 's needs .

On-camera interviews for television news programs are done only on request and only when GAO deems them appropriate for public understanding of the facts , findings , conclusions , and recommendations of GAO products .
on-camera interviews for television news programs are done only on request and only when gao deems them [reasonable] for public understanding of the facts , findings , conclusions , and recommendations of gao products .

PCIE standards place upon GAO and its investigators the responsibility to ensure that ( 1 ) investigations are conducted by personnel who collectively possess the required knowledge , skills , and abilities to perform the investigations , ( 2 ) judgments made in collecting and analyzing evidence and communicating results are impartial , and ( 3 ) due professional care ( e.g. , thoroughness , appropriate use of investigative techniques , impartiality , objectivity , protection of individual rights , and timeliness ) is exercised .
pcie standards place upon gao and its investigators the responsibility to ensure that ( 1 ) investigations are conducted by personnel who collectively possess the required knowledge , skills , and abilities to perform the investigations , ( 2 ) judgments made in collecting and analyzing evidence and communicating results are impartial , and ( 3 ) due professional care ( e.g. , thoroughness , [reasonable] use of investigative techniques , impartiality , objectivity , protection of individual rights , and timeliness ) is exercised .

Based on comments which contend that making 350 megahertz ( as proposed ) available would interfere with the interests of incumbent or future operations such as mobile satellite service and amateur radio parties , the FCC concludes that 300 megahertz is appropriate for the U-NII devices to operate .
based on comments which contend that making 350 megahertz ( as proposed ) available would interfere with the interests of incumbent or future operations such as mobile satellite service and amateur radio parties , the fcc concludes that 300 megahertz is [reasonable] for the u-nii devices to operate .

This environment has made it difficult for either DOD or congressional decision makers to make informed decisions because appropriate knowledge has not been available at key decision points in product development .
this environment has made it difficult for either dod or congressional decision makers to make informed decisions because [reasonable] knowledge has not been available at key decision points in product development .

It included three Design Knowledge Should Be Captured before Entering Product Demonstration aspects : ( 1 ) activities that led to the capture of specific design knowledge , ( 2 ) activities that led to the capture of specific manufacturing and product reliability knowledge , and ( 3 ) decision reviews to determine if the appropriate knowledge was captured to move to the next phase .
it included three design knowledge should be captured before entering product demonstration aspects : ( 1 ) activities that led to the capture of specific design knowledge , ( 2 ) activities that led to the capture of specific manufacturing and product reliability knowledge , and ( 3 ) decision reviews to determine if the [reasonable] knowledge was captured to move to the next phase .

One company emphasized that if a major milestone is delayed , an appropriate adjustment should be made to the end date of the program , thereby avoiding compressing the time allotted for the rest of product development and managing the risks that subsequent milestones will be missed .
one company emphasized that if a major milestone is delayed , an [reasonable] adjustment should be made to the end date of the program , thereby avoiding compressing the time allotted for the rest of product development and managing the risks that subsequent milestones will be missed .

Require auditors to transmit their peer review reports to appropriate oversight bodies and provide a copy of their peer review report to auditors using their work ( par .
require auditors to transmit their peer review reports to [reasonable] oversight bodies and provide a copy of their peer review report to auditors using their work ( par .

Revise the requirement for a written report to requiring a report that the auditor can make a judgment as the appropriate form ( par .
revise the requirement for a written report to requiring a report that the auditor can make a judgment as the [reasonable] form ( par .

The act further states that the inspectors general should take appropriate steps to ensure that any work performed by nonfederal auditors complies with GAGAS .
the act further states that the inspectors general should take [reasonable] steps to ensure that any work performed by nonfederal auditors complies with gagas .

Management is responsible for providing appropriate reports to those who oversee their actions and to the public in order to be accountable for the resources used to carry out government programs and the results of these programs .
management is responsible for providing [reasonable] reports to those who oversee their actions and to the public in order to be accountable for the resources used to carry out government programs and the results of these programs .

In addition to price , other factors that may be considered in evaluating bid proposals include the responsiveness of the bidder to the request for proposal ; the experience of the bidder ; the availability of the bidder 's staff who have the appropriate professional qualifications and technical abilities ; and the results of the bidder 's peer reviews .
in addition to price , other factors that may be considered in evaluating bid proposals include the responsiveness of the bidder to the request for proposal ; the experience of the bidder ; the availability of the bidder 's staff who have the [reasonable] professional qualifications and technical abilities ; and the results of the bidder 's peer reviews .

QUALITY CONTROL AND ASSURANCE 3.19 The fourth general standard is : Each audit organization performing assignments in accordance with GAGAS should have an appropriate internal quality control system in place and should undergo an external peer review .
quality control and assurance 3.19 the fourth general standard is : each audit organization performing assignments in accordance with gagas should have an [reasonable] internal quality control system in place and should undergo an external peer review .

However , each organization should prepare appropriate documentation to demonstrate compliance with its policies and procedures for its system of quality control .
however , each organization should prepare [reasonable] documentation to demonstrate compliance with its policies and procedures for its system of quality control .

When there are matters that resulted in a modification to the standard report , reviewers should report a detailed description of the findings and recommendations to enable the reviewed organization to take appropriate actions .
when there are matters that resulted in a modification to the standard report , reviewers should report a detailed description of the findings and recommendations to enable the reviewed organization to take [reasonable] actions .

Audit organizations also should transmit their external peer review reports to appropriate oversight bodies .
audit organizations also should transmit their external peer review reports to [reasonable] oversight bodies .

Auditors may use an engagement letter , if appropriate , to communicate the information .
auditors may use an engagement letter , if [reasonable] , to communicate the information .

In any event , auditors need to make judgments about the extent of follow-up needed and the appropriate disclosure of uncorrected significant findings and recommendations from prior audits that affect the audit objectives .
in any event , auditors need to make judgments about the extent of follow-up needed and the [reasonable] disclosure of uncorrected significant findings and recommendations from prior audits that affect the audit objectives .

They would also include comparing existing assets with the related records at reasonable intervals and taking appropriate action with respect to any differences .
they would also include comparing existing assets with the related records at reasonable intervals and taking [reasonable] action with respect to any differences .

To give the reader a basis for judging the prevalence and consequences of these findings , the instances identified should be related to the population or the number of cases examined and be quantified in terms of dollar value , if appropriate .
to give the reader a basis for judging the prevalence and consequences of these findings , the instances identified should be related to the population or the number of cases examined and be quantified in terms of dollar value , if [reasonable] .

Auditors should also obtain the views of responsible officials of the audited entity regarding the findings and include this information in the report as appropriate .
auditors should also obtain the views of responsible officials of the audited entity regarding the findings and include this information in the report as [reasonable] .

The auditors should , when appropriate , consult with legal counsel regarding any requirements or other circumstances that may necessitate the omission of certain information .
the auditors should , when [reasonable] , consult with legal counsel regarding any requirements or other circumstances that may necessitate the omission of certain information .

REPORT ISSUANCE AND DISTRIBUTION 5.35 An additional reporting standard for financial audits conducted in accordance with GAGAS is : Auditors should submit written audit reports to the appropriate officials of the audited entity and to the appropriate officials of the organizations requiring or arranging for the audits , including external funding organizations such as legislative bodies , unless legal restrictions prevent it .
report issuance and distribution 5.35 an additional reporting standard for financial audits conducted in accordance with gagas is : auditors should submit written audit reports to the [reasonable] officials of the audited entity and to the [reasonable] officials of the organizations requiring or arranging for the audits , including external funding organizations such as legislative bodies , unless legal restrictions prevent it .

Auditors may use an engagement letter , if appropriate , to communicate the information .
auditors may use an engagement letter , if [reasonable] , to communicate the information .

To give the reader a basis for judging the prevalence and consequences of these findings , the instances identified should be related to the population or the number of cases examined and be quantified in terms of dollar GAO-02-340G Government Auditing Standards Exposure Draft value , if appropriate .
to give the reader a basis for judging the prevalence and consequences of these findings , the instances identified should be related to the population or the number of cases examined and be quantified in terms of dollar gao-02-340g government auditing standards exposure draft value , if [reasonable] .

Report Issuance and Distribution 6.39 An additional reporting standard for attestation engagements performed in accordance with GAGAS is : Auditors should submit written reports on the attestation engagement to the appropriate officials of the audited entity and to the appropriate officials of the organizations requiring or arranging for the engagement , including external funding organizations , unless legal restrictions prevent it .
report issuance and distribution 6.39 an additional reporting standard for attestation engagements performed in accordance with gagas is : auditors should submit written reports on the attestation engagement to the [reasonable] officials of the audited entity and to the [reasonable] officials of the organizations requiring or arranging for the engagement , including external funding organizations , unless legal restrictions prevent it .

If the auditor chooses to apply or use standards or methodologies developed by other professional organizations when performing work under GAGAS , the auditor should also apply the standards in this chapter as appropriate .
if the auditor chooses to apply or use standards or methodologies developed by other professional organizations when performing work under gagas , the auditor should also apply the standards in this chapter as [reasonable] .

Understanding these controls can help auditors ( 1 ) assess the risk that the data gathered by the entity may not be valid or reliable and ( 2 ) design appropriate tests of the data .
understanding these controls can help auditors ( 1 ) assess the risk that the data gathered by the entity may not be valid or reliable and ( 2 ) design [reasonable] tests of the data .

In any event , auditors need to make judgments about the extent of follow-up needed and the appropriate disclosure of uncorrected significant findings and recommendations from prior audits that affect the audit objectives .
in any event , auditors need to make judgments about the extent of follow-up needed and the [reasonable] disclosure of uncorrected significant findings and recommendations from prior audits that affect the audit objectives .

Auditors may use an engagement letter , if appropriate , to communicate the information .
auditors may use an engagement letter , if [reasonable] , to communicate the information .

The form and content of the written audit plan will vary among audits but should include an audit program or project plan , a memorandum , or other appropriate documentation of key decisions about the audit objectives , scope , and methodology and of the auditors ' basis for those decisions .
the form and content of the written audit plan will vary among audits but should include an audit program or project plan , a memorandum , or other [reasonable] documentation of key decisions about the audit objectives , scope , and methodology and of the auditors ' basis for those decisions .

For example , it may be appropriate to have experienced staff review much of the work of other staff with similar experience .
for example , it may be [reasonable] to have experienced staff review much of the work of other staff with similar experience .

When appropriate , statistical methods may be used to establish sufficiency .
when [reasonable] , statistical methods may be used to establish sufficiency .

When appropriate , auditors may use statistical methods to derive competent evidence .
when [reasonable] , auditors may use statistical methods to derive competent evidence .

For example , in some circumstances , auditors may use unaudited data to provide background information ; however , the use of such unaudited data would generally not be appropriate to support audit findings and conclusions .
for example , in some circumstances , auditors may use unaudited data to provide background information ; however , the use of such unaudited data would generally not be [reasonable] to support audit findings and conclusions .

REPORT CONTENTS 8.7 The second reporting standard for performance audits is : The audit report should include the objectives , scope , and methodology ; the audit results , including findings , conclusions , and recommendations , as appropriate ; a reference to compliance with generally accepted government auditing standards ; the views of responsible officials ; and , if applicable , the nature of any privileged and confidential information omitted .
report contents 8.7 the second reporting standard for performance audits is : the audit report should include the objectives , scope , and methodology ; the audit results , including findings , conclusions , and recommendations , as [reasonable] ; a reference to compliance with generally accepted government auditing standards ; the views of responsible officials ; and , if applicable , the nature of any privileged and confidential information omitted .

Appropriate background information may include information on how programs/operations work , the significance of programs/operations ( i.e. , dollars , impact , purposes , and past audit work if relevant ) , a description of the audited entity 's responsibilities , and explanation of terms , organizational structure , and statutory basis for the program/operations .
[reasonable] background information may include information on how programs/operations work , the significance of programs/operations ( i.e. , dollars , impact , purposes , and past audit work if relevant ) , a description of the audited entity 's responsibilities , and explanation of terms , organizational structure , and statutory basis for the program/operations .

To give the report user a basis for judging the prevalence and consequences of noncompliance , the instances of noncompliance should be related to the population or the number of cases examined and quantified in terms of dollar value , if appropriate .
to give the report user a basis for judging the prevalence and consequences of noncompliance , the instances of noncompliance should be related to the population or the number of cases examined and quantified in terms of dollar value , if [reasonable] .

One of the most effective ways to ensure that a report is fair , complete , and objective is to obtain advance review and comments by responsible officials of the audited entity and others , as may be appropriate .
one of the most effective ways to ensure that a report is fair , complete , and objective is to obtain advance review and comments by responsible officials of the audited entity and others , as may be [reasonable] .

Auditors should , when appropriate , consult with legal counsel regarding any requirements or other circumstances that may necessitate the omission of certain information .
auditors should , when [reasonable] , consult with legal counsel regarding any requirements or other circumstances that may necessitate the omission of certain information .

Therefore , auditors should plan for the appropriate issuance of the report and conduct the audit with these goals in mind .
therefore , auditors should plan for the [reasonable] issuance of the report and conduct the audit with these goals in mind .

Visual aids ( such as pictures , charts , graphs , and maps ) should be used when appropriate to clarify and summarize complex material .
visual aids ( such as pictures , charts , graphs , and maps ) should be used when [reasonable] to clarify and summarize complex material .

REPORT ISSUANCE AND DISTRIBUTION 8.52 The fourth reporting standard for performance audits is : Audit organizations should submit audit reports to the appropriate officials of the audited program and to the appropriate officials of the organizations requiring or arranging for the audits , including external funding organizations , unless legal restrictions prevent it .
report issuance and distribution 8.52 the fourth reporting standard for performance audits is : audit organizations should submit audit reports to the [reasonable] officials of the audited program and to the [reasonable] officials of the organizations requiring or arranging for the audits , including external funding organizations , unless legal restrictions prevent it .

Due to these previously reported weaknesses and findings resulting from our ongoing work , in February 1997 , we designated information security as a new governmentwide high-risk issue.2 In our September 1996 report , we stated that an underlying cause of federal information security weaknesses was that agencies had not implemented information security programs that ( 1 ) established appropriate policies and controls and ( 2 ) routinely monitored their effectiveness .
due to these previously reported weaknesses and findings resulting from our ongoing work , in february 1997 , we designated information security as a new governmentwide high-risk issue.2 in our september 1996 report , we stated that an underlying cause of federal information security weaknesses was that agencies had not implemented information security programs that ( 1 ) established [reasonable] policies and controls and ( 2 ) routinely monitored their effectiveness .

This is because agency managers are in the best position to assess the risks associated with their programs and to develop and implement appropriate policies and controls to mitigate these risks .
this is because agency managers are in the best position to assess the risks associated with their programs and to develop and implement [reasonable] policies and controls to mitigate these risks .

Risk Management Principles Implemented by Leading Organizations Assess risk and determine needs Establish a central management focal point Implement appropriate policies and related controls Promote awareness Monitor and evaluate policy and control effectiveness An important factor in effectively implementing these principles was linking them in a cycle of activity that helped ensure that information security policies addressed current risks on an ongoing basis .
risk management principles implemented by leading organizations assess risk and determine needs establish a central management focal point implement [reasonable] policies and related controls promote awareness monitor and evaluate policy and control effectiveness an important factor in effectively implementing these principles was linking them in a cycle of activity that helped ensure that information security policies addressed current risks on an ongoing basis .

In all cases , the central security group discussed the information security implications of the deviation with the appropriate executive and signed-off only when it was satisfied that the executives fully understood the risk associated with the deviation .
in all cases , the central security group discussed the information security implications of the deviation with the [reasonable] executive and signed-off only when it was satisfied that the executives fully understood the risk associated with the deviation .

However , the ultimate decision on whether a deviation from policies or standards was appropriate was usually left to the business unit .
however , the ultimate decision on whether a deviation from policies or standards was [reasonable] was usually left to the business unit .

They stressed that constant vigilance was needed to ensure that controls remained appropriate -- addressing current risks and not unnecessarily hindering operations -- and that individuals who used and maintained information systems complied with organizational policies .
they stressed that constant vigilance was needed to ensure that controls remained [reasonable] -- addressing current risks and not unnecessarily hindering operations -- and that individuals who used and maintained information systems complied with organizational policies .

Rather than depend on the personal interest of individual senior managers , two of the organizations we studied had established senior-level committees to ensure that information technology issues , including information security , received appropriate attention .
rather than depend on the personal interest of individual senior managers , two of the organizations we studied had established senior-level committees to ensure that information technology issues , including information security , received [reasonable] attention .

As with any type of business activity , information security should be monitored and periodically reassessed to ensure that policies continue to be appropriate and that controls are accomplishing their intended purpose .
as with any type of business activity , information security should be monitored and periodically reassessed to ensure that policies continue to be [reasonable] and that controls are accomplishing their intended purpose .

It might be more appropriate to consider something closer to `` government accountability office . ''
it might be more [reasonable] to consider something closer to `` government accountability office . ''

GAO recommended that the agency establish appropriate criteria for the condition of safety control components on passenger cars .
gao recommended that the agency establish [reasonable] criteria for the condition of safety control components on passenger cars .

Several provided additional supporting points and examples , which we have included in the report as appropriate .
several provided additional supporting points and examples , which we have included in the report as [reasonable] .

These challenges included ( 1 ) initially establishing and maintaining trust relationships , ( 2 ) developing agreements on the use and protection of shared information , ( 3 ) obtaining adequate funding , ( 4 ) developing and retaining a membership base , and ( 5 ) developing and maintaining an organization staff with appropriate skills .
these challenges included ( 1 ) initially establishing and maintaining trust relationships , ( 2 ) developing agreements on the use and protection of shared information , ( 3 ) obtaining adequate funding , ( 4 ) developing and retaining a membership base , and ( 5 ) developing and maintaining an organization staff with [reasonable] skills .

Developing and Maintaining Appropriate Analytical and Administrative Skills economic times ) threatened their survival .
developing and maintaining [reasonable] analytical and administrative skills economic times ) threatened their survival .

Most of the organizations faced the challenge of developing and maintaining an organization with the appropriate operational skills to facilitate the members ' participation and oversee administrative activities that ensured continued and effective information sharing .
most of the organizations faced the challenge of developing and maintaining an organization with the [reasonable] operational skills to facilitate the members ' participation and oversee administrative activities that ensured continued and effective information sharing .

Several provided additional supporting points and examples , which we have included in the report as appropriate .
several provided additional supporting points and examples , which we have included in the report as [reasonable] .

Additional supporting points and examples were incorporated as Appendix I Objectives , Scope , and Methodology appropriate .
additional supporting points and examples were incorporated as appendix i objectives , scope , and methodology [reasonable] .

As part of their approval of the change , supervisors or designees must verify that the dates and amounts of material changes have been recorded in the appropriate T & A record .
as part of their approval of the change , supervisors or designees must verify that the dates and amounts of material changes have been recorded in the [reasonable] t & a record .

When feasible ( as in an office setting or environment ) , costeffective , and applicable , attendance reporting and related internal controls set forth in `` Part I : Civilian Employees '' should be instituted for service members to the extent management deems appropriate .
when feasible ( as in an office setting or environment ) , costeffective , and applicable , attendance reporting and related internal controls set forth in `` part i : civilian employees '' should be instituted for service members to the extent management deems [reasonable] .

Although some of the individuals and organizations that we contacted said that standardization of ITbased public participation innovations across agencies could lead to more participation in the rulemaking process , the agency representatives that we contacted generally did not believe that crossagency standardization was either necessary or appropriate .
although some of the individuals and organizations that we contacted said that standardization of itbased public participation innovations across agencies could lead to more participation in the rulemaking process , the agency representatives that we contacted generally did not believe that crossagency standardization was either necessary or [reasonable] .

They said that each agency needed to develop systems appropriate for their particular circumstances and that there were no data indicating that the current lack of standardization was a problem , or that standardization would improve either the quantity or the quality of the participation that agencies receive during the rulemaking process .
they said that each agency needed to develop systems [reasonable] for their particular circumstances and that there were no data indicating that the current lack of standardization was a problem , or that standardization would improve either the quantity or the quality of the participation that agencies receive during the rulemaking process .

Filing Comments Electronically NPRMs that are published in the Federal Register have traditionally instructed interested parties to submit written comments on a proposed rule to the appropriate rulemaking docket , and have provided a mailing address where such comments can be filed .
filing comments electronically nprms that are published in the federal register have traditionally instructed interested parties to submit written comments on a proposed rule to the [reasonable] rulemaking docket , and have provided a mailing address where such comments can be filed .

For example , in one EPA rule and four DOL rules , any electronic comments that were submitted had to be accompanied by paper comments as well.6 In other cases , attachments or additional materials , such as studies or journal articles , could not be submitted electronically ; commenters had to submit those materials separately ( in duplicate ) to the appropriate docket office .
for example , in one epa rule and four dol rules , any electronic comments that were submitted had to be accompanied by paper comments as well.6 in other cases , attachments or additional materials , such as studies or journal articles , could not be submitted electronically ; commenters had to submit those materials separately ( in duplicate ) to the [reasonable] docket office .

They also said that coordination could facilitate information sharing among the agencies , thereby speeding the diffusion of innovations that are appropriate and useful within the agencies ' particular context , keeping each agency from having to `` reinvent the wheel . ''
they also said that coordination could facilitate information sharing among the agencies , thereby speeding the diffusion of innovations that are [reasonable] and useful within the agencies ' particular context , keeping each agency from having to `` reinvent the wheel . ''

Therefore , they said , the agencies need to be able to design their public participation procedures to fit the particular circumstances appropriate for each rulemaking ( within the parameters of the APA and other applicable statutes ) .
therefore , they said , the agencies need to be able to design their public participation procedures to fit the particular circumstances [reasonable] for each rulemaking ( within the parameters of the apa and other applicable statutes ) .

However , OMB staff provided information during and at the conclusion of the review that was incorporated where appropriate .
however , omb staff provided information during and at the conclusion of the review that was incorporated where [reasonable] .

Our review of both the interim and final rules and accompanying documentation suggests that appropriate consideration was given to this Executive Order .
our review of both the interim and final rules and accompanying documentation suggests that [reasonable] consideration was given to this executive order .

I have often noted that the first step toward meeting the government 's human capital challenges is for agency leaders to identify and make use of all the appropriate administrative authorities available to them to manage their people for results both effectively and equitably .
i have often noted that the first step toward meeting the government 's human capital challenges is for agency leaders to identify and make use of all the [reasonable] administrative authorities available to them to manage their people for results both effectively and equitably .

Consistent with that view , we need to continue efforts to shift agency accountability-with appropriate safeguards and oversight- to budgeted resources and results and away from other inputs and processes .
consistent with that view , we need to continue efforts to shift agency accountability-with [reasonable] safeguards and oversight- to budgeted resources and results and away from other inputs and processes .

We need to continue- and even augment-efforts to shift the focus of management , resource allocation , and decisionmaking from inputs and process to a greater focus on results and outcomes and to provide management reasonable flexibility while incorporating appropriate safeguards to prevent abuse .
we need to continue- and even augment-efforts to shift the focus of management , resource allocation , and decisionmaking from inputs and process to a greater focus on results and outcomes and to provide management reasonable flexibility while incorporating [reasonable] safeguards to prevent abuse .

To further clarify accountability , the COO could be subject to a clearly defined , results-oriented performance contract with appropriate incentive , reward , and accountability mechanisms .
to further clarify accountability , the coo could be subject to a clearly defined , results-oriented performance contract with [reasonable] incentive , reward , and accountability mechanisms .

For example , an agency that is experiencing particularly significant challenges in integrating disparate organizational cultures ( such as the proposed Department of Homeland Security ) may be an especially appropriate first phase candidate .
for example , an agency that is experiencing particularly significant challenges in integrating disparate organizational cultures ( such as the proposed department of homeland security ) may be an especially [reasonable] first phase candidate .

ES 1 through 6 ) are necessary and appropriate .
es 1 through 6 ) are necessary and [reasonable] .

Once employees registered their interest in participating in the program , we considered a number of factors including : employee knowledge , skills , performance , and competencies ; the organizational unit or subunit in which an employee worked ; an employee 's occupational series , grade , or band level , as appropriate ; and the geographic location of the employee .
once employees registered their interest in participating in the program , we considered a number of factors including : employee knowledge , skills , performance , and competencies ; the organizational unit or subunit in which an employee worked ; an employee 's occupational series , grade , or band level , as [reasonable] ; and the geographic location of the employee .

A key factor in helping achieve such outcomes and minimize operational problems is to implement appropriate internal control .
a key factor in helping achieve such outcomes and minimize operational problems is to implement [reasonable] internal control .

This update gives greater recognition to the increasing use of information technology to carry out critical government operations , recognizes the importance of human capital , and incorporates , as appropriate , the relevant updated internal control guidance developed in the private sector .
this update gives greater recognition to the increasing use of information technology to carry out critical government operations , recognizes the importance of human capital , and incorporates , as [reasonable] , the relevant updated internal control guidance developed in the private sector .

Agency management plays a key role in providing leadership in this area , especially in setting and maintaining the organization 's ethical tone , providing guidance for proper behavior , removing temptations for unethical behavior , and providing discipline when appropriate .
agency management plays a key role in providing leadership in this area , especially in setting and maintaining the organization 's ethical tone , providing guidance for proper behavior , removing temptations for unethical behavior , and providing discipline when [reasonable] .

Management needs to identify appropriate knowledge and skills needed for various jobs and provide needed training , as well as candid and constructive counseling , and performance appraisals .
management needs to identify [reasonable] knowledge and skills needed for various jobs and provide needed training , as well as candid and constructive counseling , and performance appraisals .

A good internal control environment requires that the agency 's organizational structure clearly define key areas of authority and responsibility and establish appropriate lines of reporting .
a good internal control environment requires that the agency 's organizational structure clearly define key areas of authority and responsibility and establish [reasonable] lines of reporting .

This includes establishing appropriate practices for hiring , orienting , training , evaluating , counseling , promoting , compensating , and disciplining personnel .
this includes establishing [reasonable] practices for hiring , orienting , training , evaluating , counseling , promoting , compensating , and disciplining personnel .

They include a wide range of diverse activities such as approvals , authorizations , verifications , reconciliations , performance reviews , Page 11 GAO/AIMD-00-21.3.1 ( 11/99 ) Examples of Control Activities maintenance of security , and the creation and maintenance of related records which provide evidence of execution of these activities as well as appropriate documentation .
they include a wide range of diverse activities such as approvals , authorizations , verifications , reconciliations , performance reviews , page 11 gao/aimd-00-21.3.1 ( 11/99 ) examples of control activities maintenance of security , and the creation and maintenance of related records which provide evidence of execution of these activities as well as [reasonable] documentation .

These controls could call for comparisons and assessments relating different sets of data to one another so that analyses of the relationships can be made and appropriate actions taken .
these controls could call for comparisons and assessments relating different sets of data to one another so that analyses of the relationships can be made and [reasonable] actions taken .

This is the principal means of assuring that only valid transactions to exchange , transfer , use , or commit resources and other events are initiated or entered Page 14 GAO/AIMD-00-21.3.1 ( 11/99 ) Accurate and Timely Recording of Transactions and Events Access Restrictions to and Accountability for Resources and Records Appropriate Documentation of Transactions and Internal Control into .
this is the principal means of assuring that only valid transactions to exchange , transfer , use , or commit resources and other events are initiated or entered page 14 gao/aimd-00-21.3.1 ( 11/99 ) accurate and timely recording of transactions and events access restrictions to and accountability for resources and records [reasonable] documentation of transactions and internal control into .

Most of the remaining costs are attributable to extending the quality system and requiring appropriate documentation , evaluating suppliers and contractors and management review .
most of the remaining costs are attributable to extending the quality system and requiring [reasonable] documentation , evaluating suppliers and contractors and management review .

FFC Findings The core issues of the FFC study concern the value added by design review processes and the appropriate role of facilities owners , particularly federal agencies , in such processes .
ffc findings the core issues of the ffc study concern the value added by design review processes and the [reasonable] role of facilities owners , particularly federal agencies , in such processes .

Both provided minor technical changes and updated information , which we incorporated into the letter and enclosure I where appropriate .
both provided minor technical changes and updated information , which we incorporated into the letter and enclosure i where [reasonable] .

Study Purpose and review processes and the appropriate level of oversight for owners of Objective facilities , particularly federal agencies , in such processes .
study purpose and review processes and the [reasonable] level of oversight for owners of objective facilities , particularly federal agencies , in such processes .

Facility operation and maintenance plans are implemented , tested , and refined as appropriate .
facility operation and maintenance plans are implemented , tested , and refined as [reasonable] .

Many firms are drifting because they are uncertain about the appropriate size and role of their inhouse capital projects organization .
many firms are drifting because they are uncertain about the [reasonable] size and role of their inhouse capital projects organization .

Agencies can also consider joining any of the many trade and professional organizations that assist their membership in identifying and implementing appropriate technologybased practices .
agencies can also consider joining any of the many trade and professional organizations that assist their membership in identifying and implementing [reasonable] technologybased practices .

Where possible and appropriate , include the construction contractor , permitting agency staff , and independent specialists for value engineering and independent review .
where possible and [reasonable] , include the construction contractor , permitting agency staff , and independent specialists for value engineering and independent review .

Is the power supply appropriate to the specified mechanical equipment ?
is the power supply [reasonable] to the specified mechanical equipment ?

The audit team should include experienced members with enough knowledge of information technologies to satisfy the Government Auditing Standards requirement that auditors have appropriate skills and knowledge .
the audit team should include experienced members with enough knowledge of information technologies to satisfy the government auditing standards requirement that auditors have [reasonable] skills and knowledge .

Those risks should then be brought to the attention of appropriate agency officials .
those risks should then be brought to the attention of [reasonable] agency officials .

The following table identifies the appropriate chapters for reviewing the various steps of an acquisition .
the following table identifies the [reasonable] chapters for reviewing the various steps of an acquisition .

Thus , the techniques are only appropriate for use after the agency has completed its design and progressed into developing the system .
thus , the techniques are only [reasonable] for use after the agency has completed its design and progressed into developing the system .

Similarly , the auditor should recommend that the agency take appropriate actions where senior management involvement seems lacking , or where the project organization is unstable and subject to high turnover .
similarly , the auditor should recommend that the agency take [reasonable] actions where senior management involvement seems lacking , or where the project organization is unstable and subject to high turnover .

The recommendations should be reviewed with agency officials and be appropriate to the probability and significance of the risks identified .
the recommendations should be reviewed with agency officials and be [reasonable] to the probability and significance of the risks identified .

The program manager should have sufficient authority and an appropriate mix of skills and experience to successfully manage the project .
the program manager should have sufficient authority and an [reasonable] mix of skills and experience to successfully manage the project .

Determine if feedback ( comments and questions ) from users and industry is accounted for , considered , and incorporated as appropriate on a continual basis .
determine if feedback ( comments and questions ) from users and industry is accounted for , considered , and incorporated as [reasonable] on a continual basis .

Ensure that the agency considered , as appropriate , the alternatives included in GAO 's acquisition model and FIRMR 201-20.203-1 .
ensure that the agency considered , as [reasonable] , the alternatives included in gao 's acquisition model and firmr 201-20.203-1 .

Documentation appropriate , such as a plan of action and milestones.Required • Agency procurement request and other correspondence with GSA .
documentation [reasonable] , such as a plan of action and milestones.required • agency procurement request and other correspondence with gsa .

Were the offeror 's proposed rates compared with the direct , indirect , overhead , and general and administrative rates recommended by the appropriate contract audit activity ?
were the offeror 's proposed rates compared with the direct , indirect , overhead , and general and administrative rates recommended by the [reasonable] contract audit activity ?

Determine whether the appropriate userrepresentative has formally acknowledged the completion of testing and acceptance of the system .
determine whether the [reasonable] userrepresentative has formally acknowledged the completion of testing and acceptance of the system .

Using cost models to estimate the cost and length of time necessary to develop a new software system , for example , is appropriate only after requirements have been defined , a system design has been developed , and the size of the new system has been estimated .
using cost models to estimate the cost and length of time necessary to develop a new software system , for example , is [reasonable] only after requirements have been defined , a system design has been developed , and the size of the new system has been estimated .

Auditors should use indicators appropriate to the project under review and for which data are available .
auditors should use indicators [reasonable] to the project under review and for which data are available .

The metrics described here offer suggestions to be tailored for use as appropriate to particular projects .
the metrics described here offer suggestions to be tailored for use as [reasonable] to particular projects .

Fixed-Price appropriate cases , a firm price with fees or otherContract adjustments .
fixed-price [reasonable] cases , a firm price with fees or othercontract adjustments .

In addition , if applicable , the notification letter will be accompanied or followed by a notice of visit form that includes the appropriate security clearance information .
in addition , if applicable , the notification letter will be accompanied or followed by a notice of visit form that includes the [reasonable] security clearance information .

After conducting work at a field location , to the extent appropriate , GAO staff will hold a closeout meeting with agency officials who are responsible for the operations of the field location and have oversight for issues related to the work 's objectives .
after conducting work at a field location , to the extent [reasonable] , gao staff will hold a closeout meeting with agency officials who are responsible for the operations of the field location and have oversight for issues related to the work 's objectives .

In addition , as appropriate , the closeout meeting may cover the extent to which data and documents were made available and access to relevant field officials was provided .
in addition , as [reasonable] , the closeout meeting may cover the extent to which data and documents were made available and access to relevant field officials was provided .

Disposition of Agency Comments After receiving agency comments , GAO considers their substance , revises the draft report as appropriate , and indicates in the issued report whether the agency agreed or disagreed with GAO 's findings , conclusions , and recommendations .
disposition of agency comments after receiving agency comments , gao considers their substance , revises the draft report as [reasonable] , and indicates in the issued report whether the agency agreed or disagreed with gao 's findings , conclusions , and recommendations .

Consistent with generally accepted government auditing standards , GAO prefers using published products to communicate the final results of its work because they ( 1 ) communicate the results consistently to all interested parties , ( 2 ) make the results available to the public , ( 3 ) build a readily available subject-matter record for future use , and ( 4 ) facilitate follow-up to determine whether appropriate corrective measures have been taken when needed .
consistent with generally accepted government auditing standards , gao prefers using published products to communicate the final results of its work because they ( 1 ) communicate the results consistently to all interested parties , ( 2 ) make the results available to the public , ( 3 ) build a readily available subject-matter record for future use , and ( 4 ) facilitate follow-up to determine whether [reasonable] corrective measures have been taken when needed .

Classified products are distributed only to those with the appropriate security clearances and a need to know .
classified products are distributed only to those with the [reasonable] security clearances and a need to know .

When OSI investigations disclose potential violations of law , the information is referred to the appropriate law enforcement agency , such as the Office of Inspector General or the Department of Justice .
when osi investigations disclose potential violations of law , the information is referred to the [reasonable] law enforcement agency , such as the office of inspector general or the department of justice .

These operations are coordinated with appropriate authorities , such as the Department of Justice .
these operations are coordinated with [reasonable] authorities , such as the department of justice .

Typically , OSI refers this information to the appropriate agency 's Office of Inspector General or another law enforcement agency for action .
typically , osi refers this information to the [reasonable] agency 's office of inspector general or another law enforcement agency for action .

In accordance with these standards , all OSI work is conducted by personnel who collectively possess the required knowledge , skills , and abilities to perform it and who exercise due professional care ( e.g. , thoroughness , appropriate use of investigative techniques , impartiality , objectivity , protection of individual rights , and timeliness ) in the performance of their work .
in accordance with these standards , all osi work is conducted by personnel who collectively possess the required knowledge , skills , and abilities to perform it and who exercise due professional care ( e.g. , thoroughness , [reasonable] use of investigative techniques , impartiality , objectivity , protection of individual rights , and timeliness ) in the performance of their work .

However , if GAO believes it is experiencing unreasonable delays in obtaining requested access , GAO officials will contact the agency 's leadership for resolution and notify the congressional requester ( s ) of the work affected , as appropriate .
however , if gao believes it is experiencing unreasonable delays in obtaining requested access , gao officials will contact the agency 's leadership for resolution and notify the congressional requester ( s ) of the work affected , as [reasonable] .

As appropriate , such courtesy will be extended by GAO staff conducting the work to the agency-designated central liaison or point of contact for the work .
as [reasonable] , such courtesy will be extended by gao staff conducting the work to the agency-designated central liaison or point of contact for the work .

Broadcast interviews-radio , television , and Internet-are done only on request and only when GAO deems them appropriate for public understanding of the facts , findings , conclusions , and recommendations of GAO 's products .
broadcast interviews-radio , television , and internet-are done only on request and only when gao deems them [reasonable] for public understanding of the facts , findings , conclusions , and recommendations of gao 's products .

There are , however , four other applications of case studies that are less often used at present but that could be appropriate for our jobs .
there are , however , four other applications of case studies that are less often used at present but that could be [reasonable] for our jobs .

We have developed a definition of case studies that leads to appropriate uses and says something about how a good case study is conducted .
we have developed a definition of case studies that leads to [reasonable] uses and says something about how a good case study is conducted .

Each of these nested studies is treated , in terms of specification of the unit of study and collection of data appropriate to it , as any other case study would be .
each of these nested studies is treated , in terms of specification of the unit of study and collection of data [reasonable] to it , as any other case study would be .

Probably the most critical features are appropriate instance selection , triangulation , and the search for disproving evidence .
probably the most critical features are [reasonable] instance selection , triangulation , and the search for disproving evidence .

Of these three , probably the most critical is appropriate instance selection .
of these three , probably the most critical is [reasonable] instance selection .

A good case study will use a basis for instance selection that is appropriate for the question to be answered .
a good case study will use a basis for instance selection that is [reasonable] for the question to be answered .

Thus , instance selection on the basis of the purpose of the study is the most appropriate method in many designs .
thus , instance selection on the basis of the purpose of the study is the most [reasonable] method in many designs .

In such situations , the evaluator can turn to past experience , a search of the appropriate theoretical as well as empirical literature , the advice of knowledgeable persons , an examination of key issues in proposed or pending legislation , customer guidance , and similar techniques .
in such situations , the evaluator can turn to past experience , a search of the [reasonable] theoretical as well as empirical literature , the advice of knowledgeable persons , an examination of key issues in proposed or pending legislation , customer guidance , and similar techniques .

The last section shows what basis for selecting sites is appropriate for each of the six applications .
the last section shows what basis for selecting sites is [reasonable] for each of the six applications .

The example was contrived to illustrate exactly this point : that sometimes we can not select a site that fits our needs and thus the method is not appropriate .
the example was contrived to illustrate exactly this point : that sometimes we can not select a site that fits our needs and thus the method is not [reasonable] .

Combining site visits to Brazil , Japan , West Germany , and France , interviews with many officials of appropriate agencies and from the private sector , examination of official government files , and a questionnaire survey of high technology firms active in the Brazilian market , the evaluators amassed a rich array of contextual and focal information and identified four trade practices considered to be key factors in export competitiveness in Brazilian markets .
combining site visits to brazil , japan , west germany , and france , interviews with many officials of [reasonable] agencies and from the private sector , examination of official government files , and a questionnaire survey of high technology firms active in the brazilian market , the evaluators amassed a rich array of contextual and focal information and identified four trade practices considered to be key factors in export competitiveness in brazilian markets .

This then rules out the critical instance method as appropriate for this job .
this then rules out the critical instance method as [reasonable] for this job .

The importance of probing the underlying questions in a request to achieve good specification of the evaluation question is not unique , of course , to the critical instance case study but it is crucial in its appropriate application .
the importance of probing the underlying questions in a request to achieve good specification of the evaluation question is not unique , of course , to the critical instance case study but it is crucial in its [reasonable] application .

In 1985 , for example , RCED was asked how the Department of Interior was implementing the Office of Management and Budget 's Circular A-76 , dealing with privatization of all appropriate services .
in 1985 , for example , rced was asked how the department of interior was implementing the office of management and budget 's circular a-76 , dealing with privatization of all [reasonable] services .

Two years ago , the decision was made to mail copies to the persons listed as chairs of the relevant science college in appropriate professional association listings .
two years ago , the decision was made to mail copies to the persons listed as chairs of the relevant science college in [reasonable] professional association listings .

Table 3.6 : Program Effects Case Studies Aspect examined Characteristic Evaluation questions Cause and effect , can be stand alone or multimethods and can be conducted before , during , or after other methods Functions Determine impact and give strong inference about reasons for effects Design features Site selection depends on program diversity , can not be used with highly diverse programs ; best , worst , representative , typical , or cluster bases appropriate ; must keep number of cases manageable or risk becoming minisurvey , can use survey before or after to check generalizability or mix survey with concurrent case studies selected for special purposes ; data rely on observation and structured materials , often combine qualitative and quantitative data ; analysis uses varying degrees of formalization around emergent or predetermined themes ; reports are usually thematic and describe site differences and explain these ; variation in degree of integration of data across sites and of findings from different methods Pitfalls Not collecting the right amount of data ; not examining the right number of sites ; insufficient supply of well-trained evaluators ; difficulties in giving evaluators enough data collection latitude to obtaining insight without risking bias There are some methodological solutions to this problem .
table 3.6 : program effects case studies aspect examined characteristic evaluation questions cause and effect , can be stand alone or multimethods and can be conducted before , during , or after other methods functions determine impact and give strong inference about reasons for effects design features site selection depends on program diversity , can not be used with highly diverse programs ; best , worst , representative , typical , or cluster bases [reasonable] ; must keep number of cases manageable or risk becoming minisurvey , can use survey before or after to check generalizability or mix survey with concurrent case studies selected for special purposes ; data rely on observation and structured materials , often combine qualitative and quantitative data ; analysis uses varying degrees of formalization around emergent or predetermined themes ; reports are usually thematic and describe site differences and explain these ; variation in degree of integration of data across sites and of findings from different methods pitfalls not collecting the right amount of data ; not examining the right number of sites ; insufficient supply of well-trained evaluators ; difficulties in giving evaluators enough data collection latitude to obtaining insight without risking bias there are some methodological solutions to this problem .

For some jobs , both case study and noncase study reports can be aggregated , Page 57 GAO/PEMD-91-10.1.9 Case Study Evaluations each using the appropriate techniques , in order to produce capping reports or similar products .
for some jobs , both case study and noncase study reports can be aggregated , page 57 gao/pemd-91-10.1.9 case study evaluations each using the [reasonable] techniques , in order to produce capping reports or similar products .

For example , if the purpose of the study is illustrative , an appropriate basis for site selection could be typical , representative , or cluster ; the case studies would be conducted concurrently with other methods used in the main study ; prestructuring or guidance to the evaluators in the field would be low to moderate to permit the thickness and richness of insights needed ; data could be qualitative only or both qualitative and quantitative ; the case studies probably would be analyzed within sites only ; and the reporting would probably be narrative .
for example , if the purpose of the study is illustrative , an [reasonable] basis for site selection could be typical , representative , or cluster ; the case studies would be conducted concurrently with other methods used in the main study ; prestructuring or guidance to the evaluators in the field would be low to moderate to permit the thickness and richness of insights needed ; data could be qualitative only or both qualitative and quantitative ; the case studies probably would be analyzed within sites only ; and the reporting would probably be narrative .

Case studies , obviously , can generate a great deal of Data Analysis data , data that need to be analyzed sufficiently and with appropriate techniques in order to be useful .
case studies , obviously , can generate a great deal of data analysis data , data that need to be analyzed sufficiently and with [reasonable] techniques in order to be useful .

An example of an efficient combination of careful specification of the purpose of the study matched with appropriate site selection is the GGD study of the productivity of the Social Security Administration 's ( SSA 's ) regional operations .
an example of an efficient combination of careful specification of the purpose of the study matched with [reasonable] site selection is the ggd study of the productivity of the social security administration 's ( ssa 's ) regional operations .

However , it often is possible-with appropriate instance selection-to obtain adequate generalizability with a manageable number of instances .
however , it often is possible-with [reasonable] instance selection-to obtain adequate generalizability with a manageable number of instances .

That is , the features of a case study that are appropriate for answering one kind of evaluation question are not necessarily appropriate for answering another kind of evaluation question .
that is , the features of a case study that are [reasonable] for answering one kind of evaluation question are not necessarily [reasonable] for answering another kind of evaluation question .

It is undertaken prior to testing the effects of the program , chiefly , however , as an indicator of appropriate evaluation design .
it is undertaken prior to testing the effects of the program , chiefly , however , as an indicator of [reasonable] evaluation design .

In research designs based on statistical inference , the criterion for establishing casuality is whether the findings are likely to have occurred by chance following appropriate comparisons to eliminate alternative interpretations .
in research designs based on statistical inference , the criterion for establishing casuality is whether the findings are likely to have occurred by chance following [reasonable] comparisons to eliminate alternative interpretations .

Method of Data Analysis In both instances , comparisons must be appropriate if alternative explanations are to be ruled out .
method of data analysis in both instances , comparisons must be [reasonable] if alternative explanations are to be ruled out .

If the method is highly susceptible to this kind of internal change , the appropriate scope for case studies should be examined .
if the method is highly susceptible to this kind of internal change , the [reasonable] scope for case studies should be examined .

This is not to say that all case study evaluations show divergence between the questions that were asked and those that were answered or that an appropriate balance between the evaluator 's and the customer 's needs is never reached .
this is not to say that all case study evaluations show divergence between the questions that were asked and those that were answered or that an [reasonable] balance between the evaluator 's and the customer 's needs is never reached .

Choosing an appropriate method depends on understanding the evaluation question .
choosing an [reasonable] method depends on understanding the evaluation question .

It explains why this application is appropriate for the kind of evaluation questions that were answered ( descriptive , normative , cause-and-effect ) .
it explains why this application is [reasonable] for the kind of evaluation questions that were answered ( descriptive , normative , cause-and-effect ) .

Where several methods were used , the relationship of the case study to the other methods is clear and appropriate .
where several methods were used , the relationship of the case study to the other methods is clear and [reasonable] .

Is it appropriate for the purpose of the case study ?
is it [reasonable] for the purpose of the case study ?

The reasons are appropriate for the case study application , an issue of particular concern if a generalization of the findings is intended .
the reasons are [reasonable] for the case study application , an issue of particular concern if a generalization of the findings is intended .

Data Collection they appropriate for the purpose of the case study ?
data collection they [reasonable] for the purpose of the case study ?

Unstructured methods may be appropriate for illustrative and exploratory applications .
unstructured methods may be [reasonable] for illustrative and exploratory applications .

Semistructured approaches may be appropriate for critical instance case studies involving multiple sites , particularly if more than one investigator was responsible for collecting data for several sites .
semistructured approaches may be [reasonable] for critical instance case studies involving multiple sites , particularly if more than one investigator was responsible for collecting data for several sites .

Are they appropriate ?
are they [reasonable] ?

A good case study report gives the numbers and positions of the persons interviewed and the evidence that they were appropriate for the evaluation .
a good case study report gives the numbers and positions of the persons interviewed and the evidence that they were [reasonable] for the evaluation .

The more evidence there is that the investigators have had appropriate training in case Appendix III Guidelines for Reviewing Case Study Reports study methods , and that they have addressed related issues in ways that seem impartial and are intended to reduce bias , the greater confidence the reader can have in the quality of the work .
the more evidence there is that the investigators have had [reasonable] training in case appendix iii guidelines for reviewing case study reports study methods , and that they have addressed related issues in ways that seem impartial and are intended to reduce bias , the greater confidence the reader can have in the quality of the work .

Is it appropriate for the purpose of the case study ?
is it [reasonable] for the purpose of the case study ?

Are they appropriate for the purpose of the case study ?
are they [reasonable] for the purpose of the case study ?

Are they appropriate ?
are they [reasonable] ?

Are they appropriate ?
are they [reasonable] ?

Are they appropriate ?
are they [reasonable] ?

Have appropriate limitations to generalizations beenobserved ?
have [reasonable] limitations to generalizations beenobserved ?

The choice of the most appropriate fiscal policy path is a policy decision to be made by the Congress and the President .
the choice of the most [reasonable] fiscal policy path is a policy decision to be made by the congress and the president .

Staff from BEA and OMB and the experts we consulted provided technical and clarifying comments , which we incorporated in this report where appropriate .
staff from bea and omb and the experts we consulted provided technical and clarifying comments , which we incorporated in this report where [reasonable] .

As we have reported , IRS recently initiated appropriate first steps to address these weaknesses via its initial modernization expenditure plan that represents the first step in a longterm , incremental modernization program.9 The Census Bureau , through its effective use of technology in expanding the electronic availability of census data , demonstrates how federal agencies can leverage performance and customer satisfaction through the better use of technology .
as we have reported , irs recently initiated [reasonable] first steps to address these weaknesses via its initial modernization expenditure plan that represents the first step in a longterm , incremental modernization program.9 the census bureau , through its effective use of technology in expanding the electronic availability of census data , demonstrates how federal agencies can leverage performance and customer satisfaction through the better use of technology .

The specific key conditions and strategies described in this guide can be used as suggestions for federal CIOs to apply or adapt to their environments , where appropriate .
the specific key conditions and strategies described in this guide can be used as suggestions for federal cios to apply or adapt to their environments , where [reasonable] .

Communicating enterprise requirements to staff and making appropriate decisions to meet the needs of the enterprise are the responsibility of the CIO .
communicating enterprise requirements to staff and making [reasonable] decisions to meet the needs of the enterprise are the responsibility of the cio .

The CIO and decision-making authorities decide what type of work is appropriate to outsource and what type of work is best performed internally .
the cio and decision-making authorities decide what type of work is [reasonable] to outsource and what type of work is best performed internally .

These employees make up cross-functional teams that provide an appropriate mix of business expertise and IT skills to accomplish the various tasks of a project .
these employees make up cross-functional teams that provide an [reasonable] mix of business expertise and it skills to accomplish the various tasks of a project .

These organizations consider and apply the various strategies as appropriate within the organizational , financial , and cultural parameters of their individual business and government enterprises .
these organizations consider and apply the various strategies as [reasonable] within the organizational , financial , and cultural parameters of their individual business and government enterprises .

The specific key conditions and strategies described in this guide can be used as suggestions for federal CIOs to apply or adapt to their environments , as appropriate .
the specific key conditions and strategies described in this guide can be used as suggestions for federal cios to apply or adapt to their environments , as [reasonable] .

While this may be an appropriate model , it is critical that any model be matched with the overall needs of the agency in mind .
while this may be an [reasonable] model , it is critical that any model be matched with the overall needs of the agency in mind .

Federal CIOs can learn from the successes of these leading organizations and can apply the principles as appropriate in their own organizations .
federal cios can learn from the successes of these leading organizations and can apply the principles as [reasonable] in their own organizations .

Based on suggestions from the general public we have considered and made changes to the text where appropriate .
based on suggestions from the general public we have considered and made changes to the text where [reasonable] .

As we said in Rosenberger , `` [ w ] hen the government disburses public funds to private entities to convey a governmental message , it may take legitimate and appropriate steps to ensure that its message is neither garbled nor distorted by the grantee . ''
as we said in rosenberger , `` [ w ] hen the government disburses public funds to private entities to convey a governmental message , it may take legitimate and [reasonable] steps to ensure that its message is neither garbled nor distorted by the grantee . ''

The Committee intends that LSC consult with appropriate stakeholders in developing this proposal.11 Since implementation of the State Planning Initiative in 1998 , LSC has sought to apply a set of detailed criteria in making all decisions on whether a given service area arrangement is optimally configured to provide high-quality legal services to the greatest number of eligible low-income clients .
the committee intends that lsc consult with [reasonable] stakeholders in developing this proposal.11 since implementation of the state planning initiative in 1998 , lsc has sought to apply a set of detailed criteria in making all decisions on whether a given service area arrangement is optimally configured to provide high-quality legal services to the greatest number of eligible low-income clients .

LSC requires its grantees in each state to work with each other and equal justice stakeholders to develop justice communities that best respond to clients ' most compelling needs , ensure the most strategic and cost-effective use of all available resources , and maximize the opportunity for clients statewide to receive timely , effective , and appropriate legal services .
lsc requires its grantees in each state to work with each other and equal justice stakeholders to develop justice communities that best respond to clients ' most compelling needs , ensure the most strategic and cost-effective use of all available resources , and maximize the opportunity for clients statewide to receive timely , effective , and [reasonable] legal services .

LSC also recognizes that opinions may differ as to the most appropriate configuration of service areas , and that grantees and other stakeholders may have a better perspective on how to best serve clients and enhance access in their states .
lsc also recognizes that opinions may differ as to the most [reasonable] configuration of service areas , and that grantees and other stakeholders may have a better perspective on how to best serve clients and enhance access in their states .

LSC asked attendees to identify what they feel would be the next appropriate steps .
lsc asked attendees to identify what they feel would be the next [reasonable] steps .

We realize that diversity can help programs reach clients in a more appropriate and useful way , and we recognize the need to increase staff communication skills including fluency in languages other than English .
we realize that diversity can help programs reach clients in a more [reasonable] and useful way , and we recognize the need to increase staff communication skills including fluency in languages other than english .

LSC required its grantees in each state to work with each other and with other equal justice stakeholders to develop justice communities that best respond to clients ' most compelling needs , ensure the most strategic and cost-effective use of all available resources , and maximize the opportunity for clients statewide to receive timely , effective , and appropriate legal services .
lsc required its grantees in each state to work with each other and with other equal justice stakeholders to develop justice communities that best respond to clients ' most compelling needs , ensure the most strategic and cost-effective use of all available resources , and maximize the opportunity for clients statewide to receive timely , effective , and [reasonable] legal services .

Valid regulations implementing the statute required funding recipients to refer pregnant clients `` for appropriate prenatal .
valid regulations implementing the statute required funding recipients to refer pregnant clients `` for [reasonable] prenatal .

I frankly doubt whether this approach has been followed consistently enough to be called the `` general '' rule , but if there were ever an instance in which it is appropriate it is here .
i frankly doubt whether this approach has been followed consistently enough to be called the `` general '' rule , but if there were ever an instance in which it is [reasonable] it is here .

LSC is in the process of reviewing the test results in order to make appropriate improvements .
lsc is in the process of reviewing the test results in order to make [reasonable] improvements .

This project is consistent with the five-year strategic plan , `` LSC Strategic Directions 2000 -2005 '' which , among other things , requires reviewing LSC 's regulatory compliance requirements for efficiency , unnecessary duplication and burden , and implications for the delivery of high quality , appropriate legal services .
this project is consistent with the five-year strategic plan , `` lsc strategic directions 2000 -2005 '' which , among other things , requires reviewing lsc 's regulatory compliance requirements for efficiency , unnecessary duplication and burden , and implications for the delivery of high quality , [reasonable] legal services .

With appropriate notice to the Board and LSC grant recipients , LSC 's President may change or alter this Protocol as circumstances warrant .
with [reasonable] notice to the board and lsc grant recipients , lsc 's president may change or alter this protocol as circumstances warrant .

Such reasonable approaches may include unique client identifiers when appropriate .
such reasonable approaches may include unique client identifiers when [reasonable] .

Disputes Between LSC and Recipients : If OCE and the recipient can not agree on an approach that will give OCE appropriate access to the records it needs and is consistent with the recipient 's responsibilities to protect privileged or confidential information , OCE , through the Vice-President for Administration , may recommend to the Vice President for Programs that LSC should take appropriate action with respect to the recipient .
disputes between lsc and recipients : if oce and the recipient can not agree on an approach that will give oce [reasonable] access to the records it needs and is consistent with the recipient 's responsibilities to protect privileged or confidential information , oce , through the vice-president for administration , may recommend to the vice president for programs that lsc should take [reasonable] action with respect to the recipient .

The Vice President for Programs will review the recommendation and make further inquiry as appropriate .
the vice president for programs will review the recommendation and make further inquiry as [reasonable] .

These procedures do not create new rights or obligations for LSC or LSC recipients and may be modified by the LSC President as warranted , with appropriate notice to the Board and field programs .
these procedures do not create new rights or obligations for lsc or lsc recipients and may be modified by the lsc president as warranted , with [reasonable] notice to the board and field programs .

This document established twin goals to be attained by the national legal services community by 2004 : to dramatically increase the provision of legal services to eligible persons ; and to ensure that eligible clients are receiving appropriate and high-quality legal assistance .
this document established twin goals to be attained by the national legal services community by 2004 : to dramatically increase the provision of legal services to eligible persons ; and to ensure that eligible clients are receiving [reasonable] and high-quality legal assistance .

Strategic Directions 2000-2005 also identified anticipated outcomes , including : increased numbers of clients receiving legal services appropriate to the legal issues they encounter ; expanded relevancy of the delivery system to the most pressing needs of low-income clients , with clients themselves taking a leading role in this effort ; an expanded range and improvement in the quality of services provided by legal services programs ; and finally , greater consistency in the quality of legal services programs .
strategic directions 2000-2005 also identified anticipated outcomes , including : increased numbers of clients receiving legal services [reasonable] to the legal issues they encounter ; expanded relevancy of the delivery system to the most pressing needs of low-income clients , with clients themselves taking a leading role in this effort ; an expanded range and improvement in the quality of services provided by legal services programs ; and finally , greater consistency in the quality of legal services programs .

In the event that the selfinspection process does reveal problems , grantees are asked to consult with LSC to determine the appropriate corrective action .
in the event that the selfinspection process does reveal problems , grantees are asked to consult with lsc to determine the [reasonable] corrective action .

Measurement of Services Programs Provide in Addition to Cases Some low-income persons who seek assistance at LSC programs need only legal information , guidance with self-representation or a referral to an organization more appropriate to their needs .
measurement of services programs provide in addition to cases some low-income persons who seek assistance at lsc programs need only legal information , guidance with self-representation or a referral to an organization more [reasonable] to their needs .

TIG Grants Enhancing Intake Before a low-income person can receive appropriate legal assistance , that individual has to gain access to legal services system .
tig grants enhancing intake before a low-income person can receive [reasonable] legal assistance , that individual has to gain access to legal services system .

We are also convinced that our endeavors have strengthened existing legal services delivery systems so that clients now receive legal assistance more appropriate to their current needs and future hopes .
we are also convinced that our endeavors have strengthened existing legal services delivery systems so that clients now receive legal assistance more [reasonable] to their current needs and future hopes .

The strategic directions adopted by the Board will achieve LSC 's vision3 by accomplishing two major strategic goals : ( 1 ) By 2004 , LSC will dramatically increase the provision of legal services to eligible persons ; ( 2 ) By 2004 , LSC will ensure that eligible clients are receiving appropriate and high quality legal assistance .
the strategic directions adopted by the board will achieve lsc 's vision3 by accomplishing two major strategic goals : ( 1 ) by 2004 , lsc will dramatically increase the provision of legal services to eligible persons ; ( 2 ) by 2004 , lsc will ensure that eligible clients are receiving [reasonable] and high quality legal assistance .

Where appropriate , LSC grantees refer low-income persons to organizations that can help the clients with their problems - either to alternate sources of legal assistance or to other sources of assistance , such as charitable organizations and social services agencies .
where [reasonable] , lsc grantees refer low-income persons to organizations that can help the clients with their problems - either to alternate sources of legal assistance or to other sources of assistance , such as charitable organizations and social services agencies .

Toward this end , LSC has recently initiated activities to develop more appropriate strategies and mechanisms to gather and to quantify data on all of the work -- cases and matters , regardless of funding source -- being performed by its grantees .
toward this end , lsc has recently initiated activities to develop more [reasonable] strategies and mechanisms to gather and to quantify data on all of the work -- cases and matters , regardless of funding source -- being performed by its grantees .

LSMV has non-LSC funding to represent clients in specific substantive areas , and ILS and LSMV are in the process of developing referral protocols to ensure that clients are referred to the appropriate organization .
lsmv has non-lsc funding to represent clients in specific substantive areas , and ils and lsmv are in the process of developing referral protocols to ensure that clients are referred to the [reasonable] organization .

These in-depth evaluations used teams of respected legal services leaders from throughout the country and assessed the quality and effectiveness of each legal aid provider with regard to legal work , client involvement , management , and administrative functioning making recommendations for improvement as appropriate .
these in-depth evaluations used teams of respected legal services leaders from throughout the country and assessed the quality and effectiveness of each legal aid provider with regard to legal work , client involvement , management , and administrative functioning making recommendations for improvement as [reasonable] .

As envisioned , this system would eliminate duplication of intake services and provide clients with instant links to appropriate providers .
as envisioned , this system would eliminate duplication of intake services and provide clients with instant links to [reasonable] providers .

The Systems Committee is charged with `` identifying judicial , legislative and administrative system impediments to access to justice and recommending and implementing appropriate changes . ''
the systems committee is charged with `` identifying judicial , legislative and administrative system impediments to access to justice and recommending and implementing [reasonable] changes . ''

Many LSC grantees operate intake systems that systematically diagnose each applicant 's problems and make referrals through a network of legal and non-legal service providers in the community who can provide the most appropriate types and levels of service .
many lsc grantees operate intake systems that systematically diagnose each applicant 's problems and make referrals through a network of legal and non-legal service providers in the community who can provide the most [reasonable] types and levels of service .

It will inform LSC grantees about the range of methods being used by their fellow program managers to deliver more and better services and to assist people with the precise level and type of service appropriate to their legal situation .
it will inform lsc grantees about the range of methods being used by their fellow program managers to deliver more and better services and to assist people with the precise level and type of service [reasonable] to their legal situation .

They are doing this by providing legal training and support to non-lawyer `` helping '' personnel such as social workers , ministers , teachers and shelter staff who apply this new knowledge to help their clients find appropriate legal information and advice when they have a legal problem .
they are doing this by providing legal training and support to non-lawyer `` helping '' personnel such as social workers , ministers , teachers and shelter staff who apply this new knowledge to help their clients find [reasonable] legal information and advice when they have a legal problem .

Informing grantees about the range of methods being used by their fellow program managers to deliver more and better services and to reach more people with the precise level and type of service appropriate to their legal situation .
informing grantees about the range of methods being used by their fellow program managers to deliver more and better services and to reach more people with the precise level and type of service [reasonable] to their legal situation .

Increasing numbers of clients receiving appropriate services .
increasing numbers of clients receiving [reasonable] services .

By 2004 , LSC will ensure that eligible clients are receiving appropriate and high quality legal assistance , which anticipates as outcomes :
by 2004 , lsc will ensure that eligible clients are receiving [reasonable] and high quality legal assistance , which anticipates as outcomes :

Expanding the number of clients receiving some level of appropriate legal advice and referral via technologically sophisticated intake advice and referral systems .
expanding the number of clients receiving some level of [reasonable] legal advice and referral via technologically sophisticated intake advice and referral systems .

Working with grantees in each state to develop systems and procedures to ensure that legal services program staff receive appropriate training and that the work in each state is performed in a coordinated manner .
working with grantees in each state to develop systems and procedures to ensure that legal services program staff receive [reasonable] training and that the work in each state is performed in a coordinated manner .

Commitment : Review the competitive grant making process , the performance standards applicable to LSC grantees , and LSC 's statutory and regulatory compliance requirements for efficiency , unnecessary duplication and implications for the delivery of high quality , appropriate legal services .
commitment : review the competitive grant making process , the performance standards applicable to lsc grantees , and lsc 's statutory and regulatory compliance requirements for efficiency , unnecessary duplication and implications for the delivery of high quality , [reasonable] legal services .

Increased number of clients receiving appropriate legal services .
increased number of clients receiving [reasonable] legal services .

PREFACE This document -- Legal Services Corporation State Planning Configuration Standards -- presents in one place a comprehensive compilation of the standards LSC recipients and Designated State Planning Bodies ( DSPB 's ) 1 should consider and that the Legal Services Corporation will use in considering the configuration of a state 's legal services delivery system.2 Determination of the most appropriate configuration of programs in a given state is a part of the broader state planning process and can not be divorced from consideration of the overall goals of the state delivery system , the state 's past performance , current status , and progress towards and plans for achieving those goals .
preface this document -- legal services corporation state planning configuration standards -- presents in one place a comprehensive compilation of the standards lsc recipients and designated state planning bodies ( dspb 's ) 1 should consider and that the legal services corporation will use in considering the configuration of a state 's legal services delivery system.2 determination of the most [reasonable] configuration of programs in a given state is a part of the broader state planning process and can not be divorced from consideration of the overall goals of the state delivery system , the state 's past performance , current status , and progress towards and plans for achieving those goals .

The Legal Services Corporation expects its grantees in each state and territory to work with one another and with a broad spectrum of other equal justice stakeholders3 to develop comprehensive , integrated statewide civil legal services delivery systems which are responsive to the most compelling needs of eligible clients and client communities , ensure the highest and most strategic use of all available resources , maximize the opportunity for clients throughout the state to receive timely , effective and appropriate legal services in the present and in the future , and operate efficiently and effectively.4 1 A `` Designated State Planning Body '' is an entity that has been established and charged with responsibility for coordinating state legal services delivery planning .
the legal services corporation expects its grantees in each state and territory to work with one another and with a broad spectrum of other equal justice stakeholders3 to develop comprehensive , integrated statewide civil legal services delivery systems which are responsive to the most compelling needs of eligible clients and client communities , ensure the highest and most strategic use of all available resources , maximize the opportunity for clients throughout the state to receive timely , effective and [reasonable] legal services in the present and in the future , and operate efficiently and effectively.4 1 a `` designated state planning body '' is an entity that has been established and charged with responsibility for coordinating state legal services delivery planning .

Area of Inquiry -- Does the configuration of programs within the state facilitate the development and sustainability of a delivery network that , within financial resources and subject to appropriate priority decisions under 45 C.F.R .
area of inquiry -- does the configuration of programs within the state facilitate the development and sustainability of a delivery network that , within financial resources and subject to [reasonable] priority decisions under 45 c.f.r .

Area of Inquiry -- Does the configuration of programs within the state , within financial resources and subject to appropriate priority decisions under 45 C.F.R .
area of inquiry -- does the configuration of programs within the state , within financial resources and subject to [reasonable] priority decisions under 45 c.f.r .

Will it promote , where appropriate , the sharing of urban-based private capacity with the needs of rural and isolated clients ?
will it promote , where [reasonable] , the sharing of urban-based private capacity with the needs of rural and isolated clients ?

Data can also be used to predict potential acute and chronic toxicity in the receiving water , based on the LC50 and appropriate dilution , application , and persistence factors .
data can also be used to predict potential acute and chronic toxicity in the receiving water , based on the lc50 and [reasonable] dilution , application , and persistence factors .

More specifically , if the RWC = 50 % , appropriate effluent concentrations may be 100 % , 75 % , 50 % , 25 % , and 12.5 % .
more specifically , if the rwc = 50 % , [reasonable] effluent concentrations may be 100 % , 75 % , 50 % , 25 % , and 12.5 % .

Where state regulations prohibit importation or use of the recommended test species , permission must be requested from the appropriate state agency prior to their use .
where state regulations prohibit importation or use of the recommended test species , permission must be requested from the [reasonable] state agency prior to their use .

The temperature of test solutions must be measured by placing the thermometer or probe directly into the test solutions , or by placing the thermometer in equivalent volumes of water in surrogate vessels positioned at appropriate locations among the test vessels .
the temperature of test solutions must be measured by placing the thermometer or probe directly into the test solutions , or by placing the thermometer in equivalent volumes of water in surrogate vessels positioned at [reasonable] locations among the test vessels .

Where state regulations prohibit importation of non-native fishes or use of the recommended test species , permission must be requested from the appropriate state agency prior to their use .
where state regulations prohibit importation of non-native fishes or use of the recommended test species , permission must be requested from the [reasonable] state agency prior to their use .

USEPA ( 2000a ) provides additional guidance on selecting appropriate dilution waters .
usepa ( 2000a ) provides additional guidance on selecting [reasonable] dilution waters .

Other salinities can be prepared by making the appropriate dilutions .
other salinities can be prepared by making the [reasonable] dilutions .

Air which enters a container upon removal of sample should be expelled by compressing the container before reclosing , if possible ( i.e. , where a CUBITAINER® used ) , or by using an appropriate discharge valve ( spigot ) .
air which enters a container upon removal of sample should be expelled by compressing the container before reclosing , if possible ( i.e. , where a cubitainer® used ) , or by using an [reasonable] discharge valve ( spigot ) .

The concentration ( mg/L ) of unionized ( free ) ammonia in a sample is a function of temperature and pH , and is calculated using the percentage value obtained from Table 5 , under the appropriate pH and temperature , and multiplying it by the concentration ( mg/L ) of total ammonia in the sample .
the concentration ( mg/l ) of unionized ( free ) ammonia in a sample is a function of temperature and ph , and is calculated using the percentage value obtained from table 5 , under the [reasonable] ph and temperature , and multiplying it by the concentration ( mg/l ) of total ammonia in the sample .

USEPA ( 2000a ) provides additional guidance on choosing appropriate test concentrations .
usepa ( 2000a ) provides additional guidance on choosing [reasonable] test concentrations .

For example , where the RWC = 50 % , appropriate effluent concentrations may be 100 % , 75 % , 50 % , 25 % , and 12.5 % .
for example , where the rwc = 50 % , [reasonable] effluent concentrations may be 100 % , 75 % , 50 % , 25 % , and 12.5 % .

If hypothesis testing is chosen , subsequent decisions are made on the appropriate procedure for a given set of data , depending on the results of tests of assumptions , as illustrated in the flowchart .
if hypothesis testing is chosen , subsequent decisions are made on the [reasonable] procedure for a given set of data , depending on the results of tests of assumptions , as illustrated in the flowchart .

A second reason is that the exclusion of such concentrations usually results in a more powerful and appropriate statistical analysis .
a second reason is that the exclusion of such concentrations usually results in a more powerful and [reasonable] statistical analysis .

It is important to check the results of Probit Analysis to determine if use of the analysis is appropriate .
it is important to check the results of probit analysis to determine if use of the analysis is [reasonable] .

SECTION 10 REPORT PREPARATION AND TEST REVIEW 10.1 REPORT PREPARATION The toxicity data are reported , together with other appropriate data .
section 10 report preparation and test review 10.1 report preparation the toxicity data are reported , together with other [reasonable] data .

Statistical methods other than those recommended in the statistical flowcharts may be appropriate ( see Subsection 9.4.1.2 ) , however , the laboratory must document the use of and provide the rationale for the use of any alternate statistical method .
statistical methods other than those recommended in the statistical flowcharts may be [reasonable] ( see subsection 9.4.1.2 ) , however , the laboratory must document the use of and provide the rationale for the use of any alternate statistical method .

A corollary of the concentration-response concept is that every toxicant should exhibit a concentration-response relationship , given that the appropriate response is measured and given that the concentration range evaluated is appropriate .
a corollary of the concentration-response concept is that every toxicant should exhibit a concentration-response relationship , given that the [reasonable] response is measured and given that the concentration range evaluated is [reasonable] .

USEPA ( 2000a ) provides additional guidance on selecting appropriate dilution waters .
usepa ( 2000a ) provides additional guidance on selecting [reasonable] dilution waters .

Air which enters a container upon removal of sample should be expelled by compressing the container before reclosing , if possible ( i.e. , where a CUBITAINER® is used ) , or by using an appropriate discharge valve ( spigot ) .
air which enters a container upon removal of sample should be expelled by compressing the container before reclosing , if possible ( i.e. , where a cubitainer® is used ) , or by using an [reasonable] discharge valve ( spigot ) .

The concentration ( mg/L ) of un-ionized ( free ) ammonia in a sample is a function of temperature and pH , and is calculated using the percentage value obtained from Table 5 , under the appropriate pH and temperature , and multiplying it by the concentration ( mg/L ) of total ammonia in the sample .
the concentration ( mg/l ) of un-ionized ( free ) ammonia in a sample is a function of temperature and ph , and is calculated using the percentage value obtained from table 5 , under the [reasonable] ph and temperature , and multiplying it by the concentration ( mg/l ) of total ammonia in the sample .

USEPA ( 2000a ) provides additional guidance on choosing appropriate test concentrations .
usepa ( 2000a ) provides additional guidance on choosing [reasonable] test concentrations .

For example , where the RWC = 50 % , appropriate effluent concentrations may be 100 % , 75 % , 50 % , 25 % , and 12.5 % .
for example , where the rwc = 50 % , [reasonable] effluent concentrations may be 100 % , 75 % , 50 % , 25 % , and 12.5 % .

If hypothesis testing is chosen , subsequent decisions are made on the appropriate procedure for a given set of data , depending on the results of the tests of assumptions , as illustrated in the flowchart .
if hypothesis testing is chosen , subsequent decisions are made on the [reasonable] procedure for a given set of data , depending on the results of the tests of assumptions , as illustrated in the flowchart .

A second reason is that the exclusion of such concentrations usually results in a more powerful and appropriate statistical analysis .
a second reason is that the exclusion of such concentrations usually results in a more powerful and [reasonable] statistical analysis .

Point estimates , such as the IC25 and IC50 , would also be appropriate in analyzing algal growth data .
point estimates , such as the ic25 and ic50 , would also be [reasonable] in analyzing algal growth data .

The mortality data may also be analyzed by Probit Analysis , if appropriate or other methods ( see Subsection 9.5.5.1 ) .
the mortality data may also be analyzed by probit analysis , if [reasonable] or other methods ( see subsection 9.5.5.1 ) .

It is important to check the results of Probit Analysis to determine if use of the analysis is appropriate .
it is important to check the results of probit analysis to determine if use of the analysis is [reasonable] .

Statistical methods other than those recommended in the statistical flowcharts may be appropriate ( see Subsection 9.4.1.2 ) , however , the laboratory must document the use of and provide the rationale for the use of any alternate statistical method .
statistical methods other than those recommended in the statistical flowcharts may be [reasonable] ( see subsection 9.4.1.2 ) , however , the laboratory must document the use of and provide the rationale for the use of any alternate statistical method .

A corollary of the concentration-response concept is that every toxicant should exhibit a concentration-response relationship , given that the appropriate response is measured and given that the concentration range evaluated is appropriate .
a corollary of the concentration-response concept is that every toxicant should exhibit a concentration-response relationship , given that the [reasonable] response is measured and given that the concentration range evaluated is [reasonable] .

On the other hand , the presumption of a trade-off between environmental and economic benefits may not provide an entirely appropriate framework for analysis of such policies ( DeCanio , 1997 ) .
on the other hand , the presumption of a trade-off between environmental and economic benefits may not provide an entirely [reasonable] framework for analysis of such policies ( decanio , 1997 ) .

Indeed , there are a number of studies that show net economic benefits may be possible when a full accounting of both benefits and costs are included within an appropriate analysis ( Krause , et al , 2001 ; and Bailie , et al , 2001 ) .
indeed , there are a number of studies that show net economic benefits may be possible when a full accounting of both benefits and costs are included within an [reasonable] analysis ( krause , et al , 2001 ; and bailie , et al , 2001 ) .

At the same time , understanding the proper characterization and role of technology improvements ( Edmonds , et al , 2000 ) , and then capturing that characterization within an appropriate model structure ( Peters , et al , 2001 ) , is a critical aspect of all such economic assessments .
at the same time , understanding the proper characterization and role of technology improvements ( edmonds , et al , 2000 ) , and then capturing that characterization within an [reasonable] model structure ( peters , et al , 2001 ) , is a critical aspect of all such economic assessments .

Explicit technology representation - AMIGA reads in files with detailed lists of technologies ( currently with a focus on energy-efficient and low-carbon energy supply technologies , including electric generating units ) containing performance characteristics , availability status , costs , anticipated learning effects , and emission rates where appropriate ; 3 ) .
explicit technology representation - amiga reads in files with detailed lists of technologies ( currently with a focus on energy-efficient and low-carbon energy supply technologies , including electric generating units ) containing performance characteristics , availability status , costs , anticipated learning effects , and emission rates where [reasonable] ; 3 ) .

Further , the Administrator may specify an alternative monitoring system for determining mercury emissions to the extent that the Administrator determines that CEMS for mercury with appropriate vendor guarantees are not commercially available .
further , the administrator may specify an alternative monitoring system for determining mercury emissions to the extent that the administrator determines that cems for mercury with [reasonable] vendor guarantees are not commercially available .

The Administrator is required , at least every eight years , to review and , if appropriate revise , these performance standards to reflect the degree of emission limitation achievable through application of the best system of emission reduction which the Administrator determines has been adequately demonstrated .
the administrator is required , at least every eight years , to review and , if [reasonable] revise , these performance standards to reflect the degree of emission limitation achievable through application of the best system of emission reduction which the administrator determines has been adequately demonstrated .

However , such review is not required if the Administrator determines that review is not appropriate in light of readily available information on the efficacy of the standard .
however , such review is not required if the administrator determines that review is not [reasonable] in light of readily available information on the efficacy of the standard .

In addition , new affected units constructed after enactment will be required to meet the performance standards under Section 481 , and no additional , case-by-case review of the appropriate control technology , such as BACT or the lowest achievable emission rate ( LAER ) , will be required .
in addition , new affected units constructed after enactment will be required to meet the performance standards under section 481 , and no additional , case-by-case review of the [reasonable] control technology , such as bact or the lowest achievable emission rate ( laer ) , will be required .

The Administrator must develop an appropriate peer-reviewed methodology for making the necessary determinations by December 31 , 2006 .
the administrator must develop an [reasonable] peer-reviewed methodology for making the necessary determinations by december 31 , 2006 .

Data can also be used to predict potential acute and chronic toxicity in the receiving water , based on the LC50 , NOEC , IC50 or IC25 ( see Section 9 , Chronic Toxicity Endpoints and Data Analysis ) and appropriate dilution , application , and persistence factors .
data can also be used to predict potential acute and chronic toxicity in the receiving water , based on the lc50 , noec , ic50 or ic25 ( see section 9 , chronic toxicity endpoints and data analysis ) and [reasonable] dilution , application , and persistence factors .

More specifically , if the RWC = 50 % , appropriate effluent concentrations may be 100 % , 75 % , 50 % , 25 % , and 12.5 % .
more specifically , if the rwc = 50 % , [reasonable] effluent concentrations may be 100 % , 75 % , 50 % , 25 % , and 12.5 % .

The temperature of test solutions must be measured by placing the thermometer or probe directly into the test solutions , or by placing the thermometer in equivalent volumes of water in surrogate vessels positioned at appropriate locations among the test vessels .
the temperature of test solutions must be measured by placing the thermometer or probe directly into the test solutions , or by placing the thermometer in equivalent volumes of water in surrogate vessels positioned at [reasonable] locations among the test vessels .

Cover the mouth of each chamber with aluminum foil or other closure , as appropriate , before storing .
cover the mouth of each chamber with aluminum foil or other closure , as [reasonable] , before storing .

Where state regulations prohibit importation of non-native fishes or the use of recommended test species , permission must be requested from the appropriate state agency prior to their use .
where state regulations prohibit importation of non-native fishes or the use of recommended test species , permission must be requested from the [reasonable] state agency prior to their use .

Such a program , coupled with appropriate measures to address local concerns , would provide significant health benefits even as we increase energy supplies and maintain reasonable electricity rates .
such a program , coupled with [reasonable] measures to address local concerns , would provide significant health benefits even as we increase energy supplies and maintain reasonable electricity rates .

It would establish national cap-and-trade programs for NOx , SO2 and mercury emissions from power generators ( with appropriate measures to address local concerns ) .
it would establish national cap-and-trade programs for nox , so2 and mercury emissions from power generators ( with [reasonable] measures to address local concerns ) .

A national cap and trade program with appropriate caps for NOx and SO2 could provide the emission reductions necessary to bring a significant number of areas into attainment with the ozone and fine particle standards .
a national cap and trade program with [reasonable] caps for nox and so2 could provide the emission reductions necessary to bring a significant number of areas into attainment with the ozone and fine particle standards .

Therefore , the National Energy Plan recommended that the Administration 's approach include appropriate measures to address local concerns , such as the unlikely occurrence of an SO2 `` hot spot '' or area of concentrated emissions .
therefore , the national energy plan recommended that the administration 's approach include [reasonable] measures to address local concerns , such as the unlikely occurrence of an so2 `` hot spot '' or area of concentrated emissions .

Governor Whitman and I both believe consensus on the appropriate levels and timing for reductions of NOx , SO2 and mercury is achievable relatively soon .
governor whitman and i both believe consensus on the [reasonable] levels and timing for reductions of nox , so2 and mercury is achievable relatively soon .

In addition , the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) has determined that the regulation of mercury emissions from coal-fired power plants is appropriate and necessary .
in addition , the u.s. environmental protection agency ( epa ) has determined that the regulation of mercury emissions from coal-fired power plants is [reasonable] and necessary .

The operating permit modification process consists of preparation and submission of the application to the appropriate state or local regulatory agency .
the operating permit modification process consists of preparation and submission of the application to the [reasonable] state or local regulatory agency .

In Table 7-1 the Supply Basis may be current U.S. demand , capacity available to U.S. users , or other basis as appropriate and described in the table notes .
in table 7-1 the supply basis may be current u.s. demand , capacity available to u.s. users , or other basis as [reasonable] and described in the table notes .

Such a program ( with appropriate measures to address local concerns ) would provide significant health benefits even as we increase electricity supplies .
such a program ( with [reasonable] measures to address local concerns ) would provide significant health benefits even as we increase electricity supplies .

Based on the Report to Congress and on other available information , EPA found in December 2000 that air toxics control is appropriate for coal-fired and oil-fired utility boilers .
based on the report to congress and on other available information , epa found in december 2000 that air toxics control is [reasonable] for coal-fired and oil-fired utility boilers .

Additionally , we have not quantified a number of known or suspected health effects linked with PM and ozone for which appropriate concentration-response functions are not available or which do not provide easily interpretable outcomes ( i.e .
additionally , we have not quantified a number of known or suspected health effects linked with pm and ozone for which [reasonable] concentration-response functions are not available or which do not provide easily interpretable outcomes ( i.e .

Finally , we adjust the benefit values for expected income growth through 2010 and 2020 and aggregate the benefits to the appropriate geographic level .
finally , we adjust the benefit values for expected income growth through 2010 and 2020 and aggregate the benefits to the [reasonable] geographic level .

EPA will continue to monitor the progress of this concern , and make appropriate adjustments as further information is made available .
epa will continue to monitor the progress of this concern , and make [reasonable] adjustments as further information is made available .

Because of the importance of this endpoint and the considerable uncertainty among economists and policymakers as to the appropriate way to value reductions in mortality risks , this section discusses some of the issues surrounding the estimation of premature mortality .
because of the importance of this endpoint and the considerable uncertainty among economists and policymakers as to the [reasonable] way to value reductions in mortality risks , this section discusses some of the issues surrounding the estimation of premature mortality .

Where appropriate , we have made adjustments to existing primary research for the level of environmental quality change , the sociodemographic and economic characteristics of the affected population , and other factors in order to improve the accuracy and robustness of benefits estimates .
where [reasonable] , we have made adjustments to existing primary research for the level of environmental quality change , the sociodemographic and economic characteristics of the affected population , and other factors in order to improve the accuracy and robustness of benefits estimates .

In general , economists tend to view an individual 's willingness-to-pay ( WTP ) for an improvement in environmental quality as the most complete and appropriate measure of the value of an environmental or health risk reduction .
in general , economists tend to view an individual 's willingness-to-pay ( wtp ) for an improvement in environmental quality as the most complete and [reasonable] measure of the value of an environmental or health risk reduction .

Adoption of WTP as the measure of value implies that the value of environmental quality improvements is dependent on the individual preferences of the affected population and that the existing distribution of income ( ability to pay ) is appropriate .
adoption of wtp as the measure of value implies that the value of environmental quality improvements is dependent on the individual preferences of the affected population and that the existing distribution of income ( ability to pay ) is [reasonable] .

To take this into account in the valuation of reductions in premature mortality , we apply an annual three percent discount rate to the value of premature mortality occurring in future years.14 The economics literature concerning the appropriate method for valuing reductions in premature mortality risk is still developing .
to take this into account in the valuation of reductions in premature mortality , we apply an annual three percent discount rate to the value of premature mortality occurring in future years.14 the economics literature concerning the [reasonable] method for valuing reductions in premature mortality risk is still developing .

As further support for the Base Estimate , the SAB-EEAC advised in their recent report that the EPA `` continue to use a wage-risk-based VSL as its Base Estimate , including appropriate sensitivity analyses to reflect the uncertainty of these estimates , '' and that `` the only risk characteristic for which adjustments to the VSL can be made is the timing of the risk '' ( EPA-SAB-EEAC-00-013 ) .
as further support for the base estimate , the sab-eeac advised in their recent report that the epa `` continue to use a wage-risk-based vsl as its base estimate , including [reasonable] sensitivity analyses to reflect the uncertainty of these estimates , '' and that `` the only risk characteristic for which adjustments to the vsl can be made is the timing of the risk '' ( epa-sab-eeac-00-013 ) .

The SAB has advised the EPA that the appropriate way to account for age differences is to obtain the values for risk reductions from the age groups affected by the risk reduction .
the sab has advised the epa that the [reasonable] way to account for age differences is to obtain the values for risk reductions from the age groups affected by the risk reduction .

Thus , while the assumption of 5 years of life lost may be appropriate for a subset of total avoided premature mortalities , it may over or underestimate the degree of life shortening attributable to PM for the remaining deaths . ''
thus , while the assumption of 5 years of life lost may be [reasonable] for a subset of total avoided premature mortalities , it may over or underestimate the degree of life shortening attributable to pm for the remaining deaths . ''

As a final step , these estimated VSL values are multiplied by the appropriate adjustment factors to account for changes in WTP over time , as outlined above .
as a final step , these estimated vsl values are multiplied by the [reasonable] adjustment factors to account for changes in wtp over time , as outlined above .

Adjustments for Changes in Income Over Time Recent SAB deliberations on mortality and morbidity valuation approaches suggest that some adjustments to unit values are appropriate to reflect economic theory ( EPA-SAB-EEAC-00-013 , 2000 ) .
adjustments for changes in income over time recent sab deliberations on mortality and morbidity valuation approaches suggest that some adjustments to unit values are [reasonable] to reflect economic theory ( epa-sab-eeac-00-013 , 2000 ) .

That procedure uses per capita income estimates generated from Federal Government projections of income and population growth , and applies three different income elasticities for mortality , severe morbidity , and light symptom effects.21 Benefits for each of the categories - minor health effects , severe and chronic health effects ( which include chronic bronchitis and premature mortality ) , and visibility - were adjusted by multiplying the unadjusted benefits by the appropriate adjustment factor , listed in Exhibit 10 below .
that procedure uses per capita income estimates generated from federal government projections of income and population growth , and applies three different income elasticities for mortality , severe morbidity , and light symptom effects.21 benefits for each of the categories - minor health effects , severe and chronic health effects ( which include chronic bronchitis and premature mortality ) , and visibility - were adjusted by multiplying the unadjusted benefits by the [reasonable] adjustment factor , listed in exhibit 10 below .

This may result from a number of factors , such as differences in the relative sensitivity of these two populations to PM pollution and differences in the composition of PM in these two locations.22 In either case , where we identified multiple studies that are appropriate for estimating a given health effect , we generated a pooled estimate of results from each of those studies .
this may result from a number of factors , such as differences in the relative sensitivity of these two populations to pm pollution and differences in the composition of pm in these two locations.22 in either case , where we identified multiple studies that are [reasonable] for estimating a given health effect , we generated a pooled estimate of results from each of those studies .

Other uncertainties specific to premature mortality valuation include the following : Across-study Variation : The analytical procedure used in the main analysis to estimate the monetary benefits of avoided premature mortality assumes that the appropriate economic value for each incidence is a value from the currently accepted range of the value of a statistical life .
other uncertainties specific to premature mortality valuation include the following : across-study variation : the analytical procedure used in the main analysis to estimate the monetary benefits of avoided premature mortality assumes that the [reasonable] economic value for each incidence is a value from the currently accepted range of the value of a statistical life .

Sensitivity Analyses The Base Estimate is based on our current interpretation of the scientific and economic literature ; its judgments regarding the best available data , models , and modeling methodologies ; and the assumptions it considers most appropriate to adopt in the face of important uncertainties .
sensitivity analyses the base estimate is based on our current interpretation of the scientific and economic literature ; its judgments regarding the best available data , models , and modeling methodologies ; and the assumptions it considers most [reasonable] to adopt in the face of important uncertainties .

A These results indicate the sensitivity of the primary benefits estimate to alternative assumptions ; results reflect the use of a three percent discount rate , where appropriate .
a these results indicate the sensitivity of the primary benefits estimate to alternative assumptions ; results reflect the use of a three percent discount rate , where [reasonable] .

A These results indicate the sensitivity of the primary benefits estimate to alternative assumptions ; results reflect the use of a three percent discount rate , where appropriate .
a these results indicate the sensitivity of the primary benefits estimate to alternative assumptions ; results reflect the use of a three percent discount rate , where [reasonable] .

With regard to sulfur dioxide allowances , the Administrator shall implement this subsection under 40 CFR part 73 ( 2001 ) , amended as appropriate by the Administrator .
with regard to sulfur dioxide allowances , the administrator shall implement this subsection under 40 cfr part 73 ( 2001 ) , amended as [reasonable] by the administrator .

With regard to sulfur dioxide allowances , the Administrator shall implement this subsection under 40 CFR part 73 ( 2001 ) , amended as appropriate by the Administrator .
with regard to sulfur dioxide allowances , the administrator shall implement this subsection under 40 cfr part 73 ( 2001 ) , amended as [reasonable] by the administrator .

With regard to the penalty under paragraph 1 , the Administrator shall implement this paragraph under 40 CFR part 77 ( 2001 ) , amended as appropriate by the Administrator .
with regard to the penalty under paragraph 1 , the administrator shall implement this paragraph under 40 cfr part 77 ( 2001 ) , amended as [reasonable] by the administrator .

After the conclusion of the auction , the Administrator will return payment to unsuccessful bidders and the appropriate portion of payment to successful bidders who offered to purchase a larger amount of allowances than the amount that they are sold or to pay a bid price exceeding the sales price and will add any unsold allowances to the next relevant auction .
after the conclusion of the auction , the administrator will return payment to unsuccessful bidders and the [reasonable] portion of payment to successful bidders who offered to purchase a larger amount of allowances than the amount that they are sold or to pay a bid price exceeding the sales price and will add any unsold allowances to the next relevant auction .

The Administrator , in the Administrator 's sole discretion , may exclude periods during which a unit is shutdown for a continuous period of four calendar months or longer , and make appropriate adjustments under this paragraph .
the administrator , in the administrator 's sole discretion , may exclude periods during which a unit is shutdown for a continuous period of four calendar months or longer , and make [reasonable] adjustments under this paragraph .

The Administrator shall determine this amount in accordance with 40 CFR part 73 ( 2001 ) , amended as appropriate by the Administrator , except that the Administrator shall discount all sulfur dioxide allowances allocated for 2011 or later at a rate of 7 % per year .
the administrator shall determine this amount in accordance with 40 cfr part 73 ( 2001 ) , amended as [reasonable] by the administrator , except that the administrator shall discount all sulfur dioxide allowances allocated for 2011 or later at a rate of 7 % per year .

The Administrator shall implement this subsection under 40 CFR part 76 ( 2001 ) , amended as appropriate by the Administrator .
the administrator shall implement this subsection under 40 cfr part 76 ( 2001 ) , amended as [reasonable] by the administrator .

The Administrator shall implement this subsection under 40 CFR part 76 ( 2001 ) , amended as appropriate by the Administrator .
the administrator shall implement this subsection under 40 cfr part 76 ( 2001 ) , amended as [reasonable] by the administrator .

To the extent practicable , the categories and subcategories listed under this subsection shall be consistent with the list of source categories established pursuant to section 111 and part C. Nothing is the preceding sentence limits the Administrator 's authority to establish subcategories under this section , as appropriate . ''
to the extent practicable , the categories and subcategories listed under this subsection shall be consistent with the list of source categories established pursuant to section 111 and part c. nothing is the preceding sentence limits the administrator 's authority to establish subcategories under this section , as [reasonable] . ''

The Administrator shall implement this subsection under 40 CFR part 75 ( 2001 ) , amended as appropriate by the Administrator . ''
the administrator shall implement this subsection under 40 cfr part 75 ( 2001 ) , amended as [reasonable] by the administrator . ''

These conditions might have been appropriate a century ago when the post was the primary means of communication .
these conditions might have been [reasonable] a century ago when the post was the primary means of communication .

The computer supplies the ZIP Code and the appropriate barcode is sprayed on the piece .
the computer supplies the zip code and the [reasonable] barcode is sprayed on the piece .

Beyond that point , many considerations need to be balanced in order to decide on the appropriate discount levels .
beyond that point , many considerations need to be balanced in order to decide on the [reasonable] discount levels .

The directive sought to accomplish this objective by designating , for different types of emergencies , an appropriate agency as `` Incident Commander . ''
the directive sought to accomplish this objective by designating , for different types of emergencies , an [reasonable] agency as `` incident commander . ''

Standard operating procedure was for calls relating to fire emergencies to be transferred from 911 operators to FDNY dispatch operators in the appropriate borough ( in this case , Manhattan ) .
standard operating procedure was for calls relating to fire emergencies to be transferred from 911 operators to fdny dispatch operators in the [reasonable] borough ( in this case , manhattan ) .

The directive designated , for different types of emergencies , an appropriate agency as `` Incident Commander '' ; it would be `` responsible for the management of the City 's response to the emergency . ''
the directive designated , for different types of emergencies , an [reasonable] agency as `` incident commander '' ; it would be `` responsible for the management of the city 's response to the emergency . ''

Positions included a decision dispatcher , responsible for directing the appropriate fire apparatus to the scene ; a voice alarm or notification dispatcher , responsible for intra- and interagency communications ; a radio in and radio out dispatcher who tracked the movement of fire apparatuses ; and three alarm dispatchers , responsible for sending the appropriate number of units to a fire scene to correspond with the designated alarm level .
positions included a decision dispatcher , responsible for directing the [reasonable] fire apparatus to the scene ; a voice alarm or notification dispatcher , responsible for intra- and interagency communications ; a radio in and radio out dispatcher who tracked the movement of fire apparatuses ; and three alarm dispatchers , responsible for sending the [reasonable] number of units to a fire scene to correspond with the designated alarm level .

The EPA Office of Inspector General investigated the issuance of these press releases and concluded that the agency did not have enough data about the range of possible pollutants other than asbestos to make a judgment , lacked public health benchmarks for appropriate levels of asbestos and other pollutants , and had imprecise methods for sampling asbestos in the air ; it also noted that more than 25 percent of the bulk dust samples collected before September 18 showed the presence of asbestos above the agency 's 1 percent benchmark .
the epa office of inspector general investigated the issuance of these press releases and concluded that the agency did not have enough data about the range of possible pollutants other than asbestos to make a judgment , lacked public health benchmarks for [reasonable] levels of asbestos and other pollutants , and had imprecise methods for sampling asbestos in the air ; it also noted that more than 25 percent of the bulk dust samples collected before september 18 showed the presence of asbestos above the agency 's 1 percent benchmark .

Whether those improvisations were appropriate is still a subject for medical and scientific debate .
whether those improvisations were [reasonable] is still a subject for medical and scientific debate .

The complete title of the Act is Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism ( USA PATRIOT ACT ) Act of 2001 , Pub .
the complete title of the act is uniting and strengthening america by providing [reasonable] tools required to intercept and obstruct terrorism ( usa patriot act ) act of 2001 , pub .

The analytic work conducted at TTIC creates products that inform each of TTIC 's partner elements , as well as other Federal departments and agencies as appropriate . ''
the analytic work conducted at ttic creates products that inform each of ttic 's partner elements , as well as other federal departments and agencies as [reasonable] . ''

If the organization of defense intelligence remains as it is now , the appropriate official would be the under secretary of defense for intelligence .
if the organization of defense intelligence remains as it is now , the [reasonable] official would be the under secretary of defense for intelligence .

If defense intelligence is reorganized to elevate the responsibilities of the director of the DIA , then that person might be the appropriate official .
if defense intelligence is reorganized to elevate the responsibilities of the director of the dia , then that person might be the [reasonable] official .

The FAA 's policy was to use intelligence to identify both specific plots and general threats to civil aviation security , so that the agency could develop and deploy appropriate countermeasures .
the faa 's policy was to use intelligence to identify both specific plots and general threats to civil aviation security , so that the agency could develop and deploy [reasonable] countermeasures .

The NSA was supposed to let the FBI know of any indication of crime , espionage , or `` terrorist enterprise '' so that the FBI could obtain the appropriate warrant .
the nsa was supposed to let the fbi know of any indication of crime , espionage , or `` terrorist enterprise '' so that the fbi could obtain the [reasonable] warrant .

The Center stimulated and coordinated collection of information by CIA stations , compiled the results , and passed selected reports to appropriate stations , the Directorate of Intelligence analysts , other parts of the intelligence community , or to policymakers .
the center stimulated and coordinated collection of information by cia stations , compiled the results , and passed selected reports to [reasonable] stations , the directorate of intelligence analysts , other parts of the intelligence community , or to policymakers .

Gordon recalled having presented the intelligence in a positive light , with appropriate caveats , but stating that this intelligence was about as good as it could get .
gordon recalled having presented the intelligence in a positive light , with [reasonable] caveats , but stating that this intelligence was about as good as it could get .

The President 's military aide , an Air Force officer , quickly researched the options and , sometime around 10:20 , identified Barksdale Air Force Base as an appropriate interim destination .
the president 's military aide , an air force officer , quickly researched the options and , sometime around 10:20 , identified barksdale air force base as an [reasonable] interim destination .

At the September 13 NSC meeting , when Secretary Powell described Pakistan 's reply , President Bush led a discussion of an appropriate ultimatum to the Taliban .
at the september 13 nsc meeting , when secretary powell described pakistan 's reply , president bush led a discussion of an [reasonable] ultimatum to the taliban .

He wondered if it might be appropriate to ask agencies to `` give up some of their existing turf and authority in exchange for a stronger , faster , more efficient government wide joint effort . ''
he wondered if it might be [reasonable] to ask agencies to `` give up some of their existing turf and authority in exchange for a stronger , faster , more efficient government wide joint effort . ''

If military assistance might be needed , the Special Operations Command could be asked to develop an appropriate concept for such an operation .
if military assistance might be needed , the special operations command could be asked to develop an [reasonable] concept for such an operation .

The National Intelligence Director would submit a unified budget for national intelligence that reflects priorities chosen by the National Security Council , an appropriate balance among the varieties of technical and human intelligence collection , and analysis .
the national intelligence director would submit a unified budget for national intelligence that reflects priorities chosen by the national security council , an [reasonable] balance among the varieties of technical and human intelligence collection , and analysis .

He or she would receive an appropriation for national intelligence and apportion the funds to the appropriate agencies , in line with that budget , and with authority to reprogram funds among the national intelligence agencies to meet any new priority ( as counterterrorism was in the 1990s ) .
he or she would receive an appropriation for national intelligence and apportion the funds to the [reasonable] agencies , in line with that budget , and with authority to reprogram funds among the national intelligence agencies to meet any new priority ( as counterterrorism was in the 1990s ) .

Those Cold War assumptions are no longer appropriate .
those cold war assumptions are no longer [reasonable] .

The American people are counting on you and me to take every appropriate step to protect them during this period . ''
the american people are counting on you and me to take every [reasonable] step to protect them during this period . ''

In fact , it was completely appropriate for the NSC to be briefed by the FBI on its national security investigations .
in fact , it was completely [reasonable] for the nsc to be briefed by the fbi on its national security investigations .

Testimony presented during hearings conducted by the Joint Inquiry is cited as `` Joint Inquiry testimony of GeorgeTenet , Oct. 17 , 2002 , '' indicating `` closed hearing '' where appropriate .
testimony presented during hearings conducted by the joint inquiry is cited as `` joint inquiry testimony of georgetenet , oct. 17 , 2002 , '' indicating `` closed hearing '' where [reasonable] .

The FAA center next notifies the appropriate regional operations center ( ROC ) , which in turn contacts FAA headquarters .
the faa center next notifies the [reasonable] regional operations center ( roc ) , which in turn contacts faa headquarters .

All points in the border system-from consular offices to immigration services offices-will need appropriate electronic access to an individual 's file .
all points in the border system-from consular offices to immigration services offices-will need [reasonable] electronic access to an individual 's file .

This is entirely appropriate , for the private sector controls 85 percent of the critical infrastructure in the nation .
this is entirely [reasonable] , for the private sector controls 85 percent of the critical infrastructure in the nation .

It is appropriate , therefore , to reconsider whether United 93 would have been intercepted .
it is [reasonable] , therefore , to reconsider whether united 93 would have been intercepted .

Indeed , the major message of the von Dassow article was that the authors had uncovered a “ robust developmental module , ” which could ensure the formation of an appropriate pattern even across distantly related insect species whose earliest steps of embryogenesis are quite different from one another ( von Dassow et al .
indeed , the major message of the von dassow article was that the authors had uncovered a “ robust developmental module , ” which could ensure the formation of an [reasonable] pattern even across distantly related insect species whose earliest steps of embryogenesis are quite different from one another ( von dassow et al .

He strongly supports these claims through computational explorations of parameter space that are similar to those done by von Dassow et al. , but which also use strippeddown network topologies ( to focus on individual cell behaviors ) , test specifically for bistability , correlate results with the patterns formed , and ultimately generate a set of mathematical rules that strongly predict those cases that succeed or fail at producing an appropriate pattern .
he strongly supports these claims through computational explorations of parameter space that are similar to those done by von dassow et al. , but which also use strippeddown network topologies ( to focus on individual cell behaviors ) , test specifically for bistability , correlate results with the patterns formed , and ultimately generate a set of mathematical rules that strongly predict those cases that succeed or fail at producing an [reasonable] pattern .

The carbon chain of the polyketide would be assembled and modified progressively as the molecule moved along the protein , interacting with each domain in turn , which would select extender units , make carbon–carbon bonds , and modify keto groups as appropriate , depending on the presence or absence of domains for the three steps in the reductive cycle .
the carbon chain of the polyketide would be assembled and modified progressively as the molecule moved along the protein , interacting with each domain in turn , which would select extender units , make carbon–carbon bonds , and modify keto groups as [reasonable] , depending on the presence or absence of domains for the three steps in the reductive cycle .

The starter module then hands the resulting ‘ diketide ’ on to the second module ( first reducing it , if appropriate , using reductive enzymes ‘ borrowed ’ from fatty acid biosynthesis ) for typical extension by successive condensation with malonyl-CoA units to complete the chain .
the starter module then hands the resulting ‘ diketide ’ on to the second module ( first reducing it , if [reasonable] , using reductive enzymes ‘ borrowed ’ from fatty acid biosynthesis ) for typical extension by successive condensation with malonyl-coa units to complete the chain .

Each of these variables influenced only the appropriate stage and was additive in its effect with each of the other variables ( see Figure 1 ) .
each of these variables influenced only the [reasonable] stage and was additive in its effect with each of the other variables ( see figure 1 ) .

The chief argument for the prosecution is that niche construction is common but not pervasive , and that wherever ecologists and evolutionists have found interesting examples of it , they have developed appropriate theory and concepts to understand its ramifications .
the chief argument for the prosecution is that niche construction is common but not pervasive , and that wherever ecologists and evolutionists have found interesting examples of it , they have developed [reasonable] theory and concepts to understand its ramifications .

For the detection of holoAPP and sAPP α , samples were separated in 7.5 % polyacrylamide gels , transferred to nitrocellulose , and the proteins detected with either 369 ( 1:3,000 for holoAPP and C-terminal fragments ) or 6E10 ( 1:1,000 for holoAPP or sAPP α ) , followed by incubation of the transfers with appropriate secondary anti-rabbit or anti-mouse antibodies .
for the detection of holoapp and sapp α , samples were separated in 7.5 % polyacrylamide gels , transferred to nitrocellulose , and the proteins detected with either 369 ( 1:3,000 for holoapp and c-terminal fragments ) or 6e10 ( 1:1,000 for holoapp or sapp α ) , followed by incubation of the transfers with [reasonable] secondary anti-rabbit or anti-mouse antibodies .

Methods All studies were performed in accordance with appropriate human participants ' approval according to Stanford University Institutional Review Board guidelines .
methods all studies were performed in accordance with [reasonable] human participants ' approval according to stanford university institutional review board guidelines .

Analyses were adjusted for the weighted sampling when appropriate .
analyses were adjusted for the weighted sampling when [reasonable] .

Addressing CVD risk factors could best be accomplished through improved international cooperation , better understanding of the risks of globalization , and development of appropriate research and technologies that apply to low- and middle-income populations .
addressing cvd risk factors could best be accomplished through improved international cooperation , better understanding of the risks of globalization , and development of [reasonable] research and technologies that apply to low- and middle-income populations .

Insulin infusion should be started at an appropriate rate ( Box 2 ) , and frequently insulin requirement might increase during emergency surgery .
insulin infusion should be started at an [reasonable] rate ( box 2 ) , and frequently insulin requirement might increase during emergency surgery .

Although the topics the Charlesworths choose to focus on are certainly appropriate , they provide only a brief mention of one important process—development .
although the topics the charlesworths choose to focus on are certainly [reasonable] , they provide only a brief mention of one important process—development .

Critical issues of methodology for using these indicators also need attention , including identification of appropriate measures of social position and how to meaningfully compare indicators across countries .
critical issues of methodology for using these indicators also need attention , including identification of [reasonable] measures of social position and how to meaningfully compare indicators across countries .

What has been trickier has been to develop an appropriate pharmacology that allows one to selectively target agents for particular therapeutic purposes with an adequate safety index , ” Newhouse says .
what has been trickier has been to develop an [reasonable] pharmacology that allows one to selectively target agents for particular therapeutic purposes with an adequate safety index , ” newhouse says .

Appropriate pathogen challenge models can also provide the opportunity to perform preclinical tests of vaccine efficacy .
[reasonable] pathogen challenge models can also provide the opportunity to perform preclinical tests of vaccine efficacy .

Accurate staging of cancers is one of the most important parts of the work up of patients for both prediction of prognosis and determination of the most appropriate treatment .
accurate staging of cancers is one of the most important parts of the work up of patients for both prediction of prognosis and determination of the most [reasonable] treatment .

Cells ( 1 × 10 4 ) were analyzed by using a SCAN flow cytometer ( BD , Franklin Lakes , New Jersey , United States ) , with appropriate gating .
cells ( 1 × 10 4 ) were analyzed by using a scan flow cytometer ( bd , franklin lakes , new jersey , united states ) , with [reasonable] gating .

Over three-quarters of respondents ( 78 % ) agreed that there are circumstances when it is appropriate to test a patient without his or her knowledge or permission .
over three-quarters of respondents ( 78 % ) agreed that there are circumstances when it is [reasonable] to test a patient without his or her knowledge or permission .

Physicians had significantly higher odds than either nurses or midwives of agreeing that there were circumstances under which it was appropriate to reveal a person 's HIV status to others without the patient 's knowledge or permission .
physicians had significantly higher odds than either nurses or midwives of agreeing that there were circumstances under which it was [reasonable] to reveal a person 's hiv status to others without the patient 's knowledge or permission .

Further , the lack of basic medications hampers the ability of health professionals to provide appropriate treatment .
further , the lack of basic medications hampers the ability of health professionals to provide [reasonable] treatment .

In General Comment 14 , the ESCR Committee also set out the core obligations of a state party to protect the right to health , which include ensuring “ the right of access to health facilities , goods and services on a non-discriminatory basis , especially for vulnerable or marginalized groups , ” the provision of essential drugs “ as from time to time defined by WHO 's Action Programme on Essential Drugs , ” and ensuring “ equitable distribution of all health facilities , goods and services. ” In addition to these and other core obligations , the ESCR Committee also set out “ obligations of comparable priority ” , including a state party 's obligation “ to take measures to prevent , treat and control epidemic and endemic diseases , ” “ to provide education and access to information concerning the main health problems in the community , including methods of preventing and controlling them , ” and “ to provide appropriate training for health personnel , including education on health and human rights. ” The ESCR Committee also stated in General Comment 14 that “ any person or group who is a victim of a violation of the right to health should have access to effective judicial or other appropriate remedies at both national and international levels. ” As a state party , Nigeria is bound by the provisions of the International Covenant on Economic , Social , and Cultural Rights and the authoritative interpretations of the ESCR Committee .
in general comment 14 , the escr committee also set out the core obligations of a state party to protect the right to health , which include ensuring “ the right of access to health facilities , goods and services on a non-discriminatory basis , especially for vulnerable or marginalized groups , ” the provision of essential drugs “ as from time to time defined by who 's action programme on essential drugs , ” and ensuring “ equitable distribution of all health facilities , goods and services. ” in addition to these and other core obligations , the escr committee also set out “ obligations of comparable priority ” , including a state party 's obligation “ to take measures to prevent , treat and control epidemic and endemic diseases , ” “ to provide education and access to information concerning the main health problems in the community , including methods of preventing and controlling them , ” and “ to provide [reasonable] training for health personnel , including education on health and human rights. ” the escr committee also stated in general comment 14 that “ any person or group who is a victim of a violation of the right to health should have access to effective judicial or other [reasonable] remedies at both national and international levels. ” as a state party , nigeria is bound by the provisions of the international covenant on economic , social , and cultural rights and the authoritative interpretations of the escr committee .

Ethical debates about the appropriate care and maintenance of biological relics often begin at the autopsy table .
ethical debates about the [reasonable] care and maintenance of biological relics often begin at the autopsy table .

Although Dr. Orne insisted that Sexton had given him permission to do what he thought appropriate with the tapes , his colleagues howled that he had made a travesty of doctor-patient confidentiality , Sexton 's wishes be damned .
although dr. orne insisted that sexton had given him permission to do what he thought [reasonable] with the tapes , his colleagues howled that he had made a travesty of doctor-patient confidentiality , sexton 's wishes be damned .

Who is to choose the right test , the right time , the appropriate question to ask ?
who is to choose the right test , the right time , the [reasonable] question to ask ?

What is an appropriate “ null hypothesis ” or its equivalent ?
what is an [reasonable] “ null hypothesis ” or its equivalent ?

This creates long delays in determining whether a positive preclinical test result is , in fact , accurate : “ How can one do an appropriate evaluation ? ” Matthews notes that blood appears to be a useful medium for testing scrapie in sheep , but current technology can not deliver a tool applicable across a range of different scrapie genotypes .
this creates long delays in determining whether a positive preclinical test result is , in fact , accurate : “ how can one do an [reasonable] evaluation ? ” matthews notes that blood appears to be a useful medium for testing scrapie in sheep , but current technology can not deliver a tool applicable across a range of different scrapie genotypes .

Far it has been limited by a lack of appropriate technologies , not only for in situ biogeochemical and biological measurements , but also for quantitative investigation of specific functional microbial populations .
far it has been limited by a lack of [reasonable] technologies , not only for in situ biogeochemical and biological measurements , but also for quantitative investigation of specific functional microbial populations .

Suppose the World Health Organisation ( WHO ) developed an R & D contribution ‘ norm ’ based upon this or a more appropriate figure and that there was international agreement that countries evaluated as meeting this norm would no longer be regarded as ‘ free riding ’ .
suppose the world health organisation ( who ) developed an r & d contribution ‘ norm ’ based upon this or a more [reasonable] figure and that there was international agreement that countries evaluated as meeting this norm would no longer be regarded as ‘ free riding ’ .

The Bioethics Council was appointed by the President to “ monitor stem-cell research , to recommend appropriate guidelines and regulations , and to consider all of the medical and ethical ramifications of biomedical innovation… .
the bioethics council was appointed by the president to “ monitor stem-cell research , to recommend [reasonable] guidelines and regulations , and to consider all of the medical and ethical ramifications of biomedical innovation… .

The authors then cultured these polyclonal precursors with appropriate tissue-specific stimulation in attempt to produce fat , bone , cartilage , or muscle cells .
the authors then cultured these polyclonal precursors with [reasonable] tissue-specific stimulation in attempt to produce fat , bone , cartilage , or muscle cells .

This points to the possibility that greater experience seeing the familiar face ( i.e. , on a daily basis for many years ) can eventually influence the appropriate brain areas .
this points to the possibility that greater experience seeing the familiar face ( i.e. , on a daily basis for many years ) can eventually influence the [reasonable] brain areas .

Daniel Geschwind , a neurogeneticist at UCLA , defends this approach , saying that a well-planned fishing expedition that uses the right technology and looks in the appropriate places can result in a “ freezer full of fish. ” He also says that parent organizations keep the field honest by “ constantly reminding us to keep an eye on the ball and do n't get distracted. ” Geschwind , Amaral , and other top experts have recently been recruited by advocacy groups or by friends with autistic children to shift some of their research questions to examining autism .
daniel geschwind , a neurogeneticist at ucla , defends this approach , saying that a well-planned fishing expedition that uses the right technology and looks in the [reasonable] places can result in a “ freezer full of fish. ” he also says that parent organizations keep the field honest by “ constantly reminding us to keep an eye on the ball and do n't get distracted. ” geschwind , amaral , and other top experts have recently been recruited by advocacy groups or by friends with autistic children to shift some of their research questions to examining autism .

Wildfire and Species Diversity Fitting the appropriate mix of strategies to a given situation is an issue that has also received close attention in Australia .
wildfire and species diversity fitting the [reasonable] mix of strategies to a given situation is an issue that has also received close attention in australia .

Brady 's team concentrated instead on helping key agencies in seven Southeast Asian countries , especially Indonesia and Malaysia , to obtain and use the appropriate computing tools .
brady 's team concentrated instead on helping key agencies in seven southeast asian countries , especially indonesia and malaysia , to obtain and use the [reasonable] computing tools .

With more than 150 complete genome sequences now available and many laboratories rushing into microarray analysis , proteomic initiatives , and even systems biology , it seems an appropriate time to consider not just the opportunities those sequences present , but also their shortcomings .
with more than 150 complete genome sequences now available and many laboratories rushing into microarray analysis , proteomic initiatives , and even systems biology , it seems an [reasonable] time to consider not just the opportunities those sequences present , but also their shortcomings .

To energize laboratories with appropriate expertise to participate in this community-wide effort , I suggest that a special program be set up by one or more of the funding agencies so that laboratories undertaking the investigation of any particular protein receive a small grant upfront as a supplement to an existing grant .
to energize laboratories with [reasonable] expertise to participate in this community-wide effort , i suggest that a special program be set up by one or more of the funding agencies so that laboratories undertaking the investigation of any particular protein receive a small grant upfront as a supplement to an existing grant .

Key Steps The first step is to encourage some bioinformaticians with appropriate expertise in the functional annotation of genomes to form a consortium and undertake the assembly of a list of prime targets for which an experimental demonstration of function would be most valuable .
key steps the first step is to encourage some bioinformaticians with [reasonable] expertise in the functional annotation of genomes to form a consortium and undertake the assembly of a list of prime targets for which an experimental demonstration of function would be most valuable .

Upon receipt of the appropriate calcium signal , calcineurin is activated and removes phosphate groups from NFAT , thereby permitting translocation of NFAT to the nucleus .
upon receipt of the [reasonable] calcium signal , calcineurin is activated and removes phosphate groups from nfat , thereby permitting translocation of nfat to the nucleus .

The plan mentions an “ appropriate balance between productive competition and effective collaboration , ” and suggests that certain incentives could be provided by “ the funders with greatest flexibility. ” As long as it remains unclear where scientific breakthroughs will come from , diversity and flexibility should be encouraged and not stifled .
the plan mentions an “ [reasonable] balance between productive competition and effective collaboration , ” and suggests that certain incentives could be provided by “ the funders with greatest flexibility. ” as long as it remains unclear where scientific breakthroughs will come from , diversity and flexibility should be encouraged and not stifled .

Chi-square and analysis of variance tests , as appropriate , were performed to test for statistically significant differences .
chi-square and analysis of variance tests , as [reasonable] , were performed to test for statistically significant differences .

Whilst a debate continues as to the most appropriate route to achieve open access to all research literature , it is important to bear in mind that the publication and the archiving of research articles are intrinsically linked .
whilst a debate continues as to the most [reasonable] route to achieve open access to all research literature , it is important to bear in mind that the publication and the archiving of research articles are intrinsically linked .

UKPMC will be able to accept manuscripts in any format , including Microsoft Word , and it will be the responsibility of UKPMC to convert the files it receives into extensible markup language ( XML ) to enable the appropriate document type definition ( DTD ) to be assigned .
ukpmc will be able to accept manuscripts in any format , including microsoft word , and it will be the responsibility of ukpmc to convert the files it receives into extensible markup language ( xml ) to enable the [reasonable] document type definition ( dtd ) to be assigned .

Accurate lymph node staging also remains a cornerstone in choosing the most appropriate therapy for a given stage .
accurate lymph node staging also remains a cornerstone in choosing the most [reasonable] therapy for a given stage .

Third , it is likely that LMRI would be useful to identify appropriate patients to receive neoadjuvant chemotherapy prior to surgery .
third , it is likely that lmri would be useful to identify [reasonable] patients to receive neoadjuvant chemotherapy prior to surgery .

One such approach is the closed-loop insulin pump ( i.e. , a pump that continuously monitors blood glucose and concurrently converts that data into appropriate insulin dosing ) , which offers the potential to serve as a mechanical pancreas .
one such approach is the closed-loop insulin pump ( i.e. , a pump that continuously monitors blood glucose and concurrently converts that data into [reasonable] insulin dosing ) , which offers the potential to serve as a mechanical pancreas .

Lastly , the recent completion of the Human Genome Project suggests that the genetics of diabetes may eventually become clearer and may direct appropriate preventative approaches .
lastly , the recent completion of the human genome project suggests that the genetics of diabetes may eventually become clearer and may direct [reasonable] preventative approaches .

An even larger number of tools focus on the identification of appropriate terminology for the annotation of genes ( GO terms ) [ 7 ] .
an even larger number of tools focus on the identification of [reasonable] terminology for the annotation of genes ( go terms ) [ 7 ] .

If appropriate quality control is provided , and if authors receive due credit for their deposition of facts into databases , we might well see a shift towards original papers describing new creative ideas and visions rather than just listing facts .
if [reasonable] quality control is provided , and if authors receive due credit for their deposition of facts into databases , we might well see a shift towards original papers describing new creative ideas and visions rather than just listing facts .

For enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay studies , anti-human antibodies to IFN-γ , IL-4 , IP-10 , MIG , I-TAC , and the appropriate secondary reagents were purchased from R & D Systems ( Minneapolis , Minnesota , United States ) .
for enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay studies , anti-human antibodies to ifn-γ , il-4 , ip-10 , mig , i-tac , and the [reasonable] secondary reagents were purchased from r & d systems ( minneapolis , minnesota , united states ) .

In Nepal , weak linkages between urban and rural areas , and lack of roads , communications , infrastructure , and appropriate skills among the rural poor mean that this urban bias has led to centralization of effective power on the one hand and maintenance of the economic , social , and political status quo on the other [ 30 ] .
in nepal , weak linkages between urban and rural areas , and lack of roads , communications , infrastructure , and [reasonable] skills among the rural poor mean that this urban bias has led to centralization of effective power on the one hand and maintenance of the economic , social , and political status quo on the other [ 30 ] .

Integrated software ( LabVIEW , National Instruments , Austin , Texas , United States ) directs delivery of whole blood samples and washes to the flow cell using the appropriate pumps and valves .
integrated software ( labview , national instruments , austin , texas , united states ) directs delivery of whole blood samples and washes to the flow cell using the [reasonable] pumps and valves .

Red blood cells passed readily through the pores under appropriate fluid flow conditions .
red blood cells passed readily through the pores under [reasonable] fluid flow conditions .

He continues to have suboptimal glycemic control ; therefore , additional therapy in the form of combinations is appropriate .
he continues to have suboptimal glycemic control ; therefore , additional therapy in the form of combinations is [reasonable] .

An ACE-I at this time is appropriate for BP control and has the additional preventative effects of reducing progression to nephropathy and CVD events [ 10,11 ] .
an ace-i at this time is [reasonable] for bp control and has the additional preventative effects of reducing progression to nephropathy and cvd events [ 10,11 ] .

Erectile dysfunction is a complication associated with diabetes and can be an early sign of neuropathy and vascular disease , therefore a phosphodiesterase-5 enzyme inhibitor is an appropriate choice for patients not on vasodilators or with a history of significant CVD .
erectile dysfunction is a complication associated with diabetes and can be an early sign of neuropathy and vascular disease , therefore a phosphodiesterase-5 enzyme inhibitor is an [reasonable] choice for patients not on vasodilators or with a history of significant cvd .

What is the next most appropriate step in his medical management ?
what is the next most [reasonable] step in his medical management ?

Because of the significant cost associated with three oral medications and his need for further glycemic control , insulin would be an appropriate choice at this time .
because of the significant cost associated with three oral medications and his need for further glycemic control , insulin would be an [reasonable] choice at this time .

Intensive therapy in patients with type 2 diabetes results in a decreased risk of microvascular complications ; therefore , it is appropriate to use combinations of medications in patients with suboptimal glycemia [ 21 ] .
intensive therapy in patients with type 2 diabetes results in a decreased risk of microvascular complications ; therefore , it is [reasonable] to use combinations of medications in patients with suboptimal glycemia [ 21 ] .

The following morning , viable cells were isolated by ficoll density centrifugation , washed , and resuspended to the appropriate concentration in a solution of 90 % Iscove 's Modified Dulbecco 's Medium ( IMDM ) and 10 % fetal bovine serum ( FBS ) .
the following morning , viable cells were isolated by ficoll density centrifugation , washed , and resuspended to the [reasonable] concentration in a solution of 90 % iscove 's modified dulbecco 's medium ( imdm ) and 10 % fetal bovine serum ( fbs ) .

The following morning , viable cells were isolated by ficoll density centrifugation , washed , and resuspended to the appropriate concentration ( usually 10 7 /ml ) in CTL medium .
the following morning , viable cells were isolated by ficoll density centrifugation , washed , and resuspended to the [reasonable] concentration ( usually 10 7 /ml ) in ctl medium .

Plasma and whole blood RNA ( PAX tube isolators , Qiagen ) samples were isolated from blood , and stored under appropriate conditions for subsequent assays .
plasma and whole blood rna ( pax tube isolators , qiagen ) samples were isolated from blood , and stored under [reasonable] conditions for subsequent assays .

How is their detection and transduction of information organised so that the appropriate response is elicited ?
how is their detection and transduction of information organised so that the [reasonable] response is elicited ?

If you stimulate that pathway , says Kinnamon , ‘ you should elicit the appropriate behavioural response without any input from other cell types ’ .
if you stimulate that pathway , says kinnamon , ‘ you should elicit the [reasonable] behavioural response without any input from other cell types ’ .

To recall appropriate memories , it has to retrieve patterns by their similarity to past patterns ( auto-associative recall ) .
to recall [reasonable] memories , it has to retrieve patterns by their similarity to past patterns ( auto-associative recall ) .

It is discouraging that in this era of rapid biomedical advancement , and appropriate relegation of animal research to the historical dustbin , PLoS has chosen to re-introduce an anachronistic , medically discredited , and unethical research tool to its reporting .
it is discouraging that in this era of rapid biomedical advancement , and [reasonable] relegation of animal research to the historical dustbin , plos has chosen to re-introduce an anachronistic , medically discredited , and unethical research tool to its reporting .

Today 's biologists increasingly recognize that appropriate mathematics can help interpret any kind of data .
today 's biologists increasingly recognize that [reasonable] mathematics can help interpret any kind of data .

There are several other types of animal studies we consider appropriate for publication in PLoS Medicine .
there are several other types of animal studies we consider [reasonable] for publication in plos medicine .

However , by and large , they will not be appropriate for PLoS Medicine .
however , by and large , they will not be [reasonable] for plos medicine .

The immediate consequence of this work should be an increased scrutiny for appropriate controls , which may include congenic mice carrying the same 129 flanking region , but expressing the targeted gene ( Figure 2 ) .
the immediate consequence of this work should be an increased scrutiny for [reasonable] controls , which may include congenic mice carrying the same 129 flanking region , but expressing the targeted gene ( figure 2 ) .

What the new study of Botto and colleagues reminds us is that the appropriate control is still crucial to meaningful data interpretation .
what the new study of botto and colleagues reminds us is that the [reasonable] control is still crucial to meaningful data interpretation .

Therefore , the debate over the appropriate distribution of money between prevention efforts ( such as voluntary counseling and testing [ VCT ] , or behavior change ) and treatment efforts ( the provision of ART ) is now more topical than ever .
therefore , the debate over the [reasonable] distribution of money between prevention efforts ( such as voluntary counseling and testing [ vct ] , or behavior change ) and treatment efforts ( the provision of art ) is now more topical than ever .

Improved access to HIV testing provides an entry point to both prevention and treatment services and provides a unique opportunity to identify and target the infected , vulnerable , and uninfected with more appropriate interventions .
improved access to hiv testing provides an entry point to both prevention and treatment services and provides a unique opportunity to identify and target the infected , vulnerable , and uninfected with more [reasonable] interventions .

As Ruschhaupt and others have shown , disclosure of results and data is not enough , since there is little consensus on the appropriate statistical analyses and many are developed on a case by case basis , which may not be reproducible , even by the authors .
as ruschhaupt and others have shown , disclosure of results and data is not enough , since there is little consensus on the [reasonable] statistical analyses and many are developed on a case by case basis , which may not be reproducible , even by the authors .

All appropriate means , they added , ‘ must be fully exploited to achieve this objective in a flexible , decentralised and non-bureaucratic manner ’ .
all [reasonable] means , they added , ‘ must be fully exploited to achieve this objective in a flexible , decentralised and non-bureaucratic manner ’ .

In this circular arrangement , complementary colors ( i.e. , those opposite on a circle ) can be additively mixed to generate a neutral stimulus , e.g. , UV light ( 350 nm ) mixed in the appropriate ratio with bluegreen light ( 490 nm ) will be perceived as white by bees [ 17 ] .
in this circular arrangement , complementary colors ( i.e. , those opposite on a circle ) can be additively mixed to generate a neutral stimulus , e.g. , uv light ( 350 nm ) mixed in the [reasonable] ratio with bluegreen light ( 490 nm ) will be perceived as white by bees [ 17 ] .

For small companies like his , Ratcliff says , “ PSM graduates have an appropriate combination of project management expertise , an understanding of business environments and priorities , and advanced knowledge in the physical and life sciences. ” Although it is too early for comprehensive assessment , employment outcomes for PSM graduates have been examined , and this result is clear : they are getting industry jobs .
for small companies like his , ratcliff says , “ psm graduates have an [reasonable] combination of project management expertise , an understanding of business environments and priorities , and advanced knowledge in the physical and life sciences. ” although it is too early for comprehensive assessment , employment outcomes for psm graduates have been examined , and this result is clear : they are getting industry jobs .

Unfortunately , this tiered process has failed to result in appropriate DNT testing .
unfortunately , this tiered process has failed to result in [reasonable] dnt testing .

It would also improve capacity planning for high-tech and specialized services , thereby ensuring appropriate access without excessive queues [ 15 ] .
it would also improve capacity planning for high-tech and specialized services , thereby ensuring [reasonable] access without excessive queues [ 15 ] .

It is appropriate , then , in this inaugural Student Forum , that we consider some of the key issues of information exchange in the context of global disease and medical education .
it is [reasonable] , then , in this inaugural student forum , that we consider some of the key issues of information exchange in the context of global disease and medical education .

Similar initiatives are afoot in medical student organizations around the world as we consider appropriate relationships with industry .
similar initiatives are afoot in medical student organizations around the world as we consider [reasonable] relationships with industry .

Conclusion People 's basic medical needs do not vary greatly ; they can be accommodated with appropriate understanding , awareness , and education .
conclusion people 's basic medical needs do not vary greatly ; they can be accommodated with [reasonable] understanding , awareness , and education .

If an author would like a manuscript that is not thought to be appropriate by one journal to be passed on to another , along with the reviewers ' reports and their identities , we are happy to cooperate , subject to the permission of the reviewers .
if an author would like a manuscript that is not thought to be [reasonable] by one journal to be passed on to another , along with the reviewers ' reports and their identities , we are happy to cooperate , subject to the permission of the reviewers .

Disease conditions were identified by International Classification of Disease ( ICD-9 ) codes , as well as by the appropriate reason-for-visit codes that are specific to NAMCS and NHAMCS .
disease conditions were identified by international classification of disease ( icd-9 ) codes , as well as by the [reasonable] reason-for-visit codes that are specific to namcs and nhamcs .

Measuring the rate of statin use by CHD risk category provided a relative indicator of appropriate prescribing patterns , that is , the prevalence of statin use should be highest among high-risk patients , for whom secondary prevention is a priority .
measuring the rate of statin use by chd risk category provided a relative indicator of [reasonable] prescribing patterns , that is , the prevalence of statin use should be highest among high-risk patients , for whom secondary prevention is a priority .

It is not , for instance , usually appropriate to begin a paper on an apoptotic signaling pathway with a philosophical digression into the nature of Death .
it is not , for instance , usually [reasonable] to begin a paper on an apoptotic signaling pathway with a philosophical digression into the nature of death .

The Problem of Scale One important difficulty in uncovering seasonal drivers of infectious diseases is to identify the appropriate scale of analysis .
the problem of scale one important difficulty in uncovering seasonal drivers of infectious diseases is to identify the [reasonable] scale of analysis .

We should be cautious about the suggestion that appropriate larger scales will always resolve the problem of local variability and present strong linear associations between climate and disease .
we should be cautious about the suggestion that [reasonable] larger scales will always resolve the problem of local variability and present strong linear associations between climate and disease .

The problem of scale also arises when we need to identify the appropriate timing ( the temporal window ) to detect strong associations between disease outbreaks and environmental covariates .
the problem of scale also arises when we need to identify the [reasonable] timing ( the temporal window ) to detect strong associations between disease outbreaks and environmental covariates .

At a glance , Phytophthora can be mistaken for a fungus , so DNA profiling of isolates is crucial if species and strains of species are to be identified correctly so that action appropriate to each infection can be taken .
at a glance , phytophthora can be mistaken for a fungus , so dna profiling of isolates is crucial if species and strains of species are to be identified correctly so that action [reasonable] to each infection can be taken .

This immobilization process is efficient enough to be iterated , so that DNA sequences specifying multiple amino acids can be routed to the appropriate miniature resin-filled columns during each step .
this immobilization process is efficient enough to be iterated , so that dna sequences specifying multiple amino acids can be routed to the [reasonable] miniature resin-filled columns during each step .

After each routing step , the appropriate amino acid was coupled to each DNA-linked subpopulation .
after each routing step , the [reasonable] amino acid was coupled to each dna-linked subpopulation .

If you would like information , please enter your response in the appropriate area and your name , address and /or phone number in the space provided at the end .
if you would like information , please enter your response in the [reasonable] area and your name , address and /or phone number in the space provided at the end .

Please consider a gift of $ 25 or more to help insure that a Hamilton County child will be in safe , age appropriate activities before and after school .
please consider a gift of $ 25 or more to help insure that a hamilton county child will be in safe , age [reasonable] activities before and after school .

Just check the appropriate box on the enclosed pledge card and return it in the reply envelope .
just check the [reasonable] box on the enclosed pledge card and return it in the reply envelope .

We believe there is no more appropriate time to have a coordinated and collaborative effort to financially support the services MCCOY offers to the community as a whole .
we believe there is no more [reasonable] time to have a coordinated and collaborative effort to financially support the services mccoy offers to the community as a whole .

School Age Child Care : Provides affordable , developmentally appropriate care of children both before and after school .
school age child care : provides affordable , developmentally [reasonable] care of children both before and after school .

He opposes himself to nature as one of her own forces , setting in motion arms and legs , head and hands , the natural forces of his body , in order to appropriate nature 's productions in a form adapted to his own wants .
he opposes himself to nature as one of her own forces , setting in motion arms and legs , head and hands , the natural forces of his body , in order to [reasonable] nature 's productions in a form adapted to his own wants .

Only the LAT captures an appropriate nail-biting tone -- engineers are described as `` anxious '' and `` growing more glum by the hour . ''
only the lat captures an [reasonable] nail-biting tone -- engineers are described as `` anxious '' and `` growing more glum by the hour . ''

I ca n't do this , though , because I did n't submit an `` Ask the President '' question at an appropriate time .
i ca n't do this , though , because i did n't submit an `` ask the president '' question at an [reasonable] time .

Giuliani did n't use the word `` Marxist '' to describe Castro ( though it surely would have been appropriate ) .
giuliani did n't use the word `` marxist '' to describe castro ( though it surely would have been [reasonable] ) .

If I have `` saddled myself with political responsibilities , '' it has not been consciously , but I do n't think that would be a bad thing for any critic to do , at least when a film makes it appropriate .
if i have `` saddled myself with political responsibilities , '' it has not been consciously , but i do n't think that would be a bad thing for any critic to do , at least when a film makes it [reasonable] .

However , to give an appropriate nod to the underdogs , the TR model also speaks well for the chances of Gary Bauer , Orrin Hatch , and Alan Keyes ( none of whom has an ironic or decadent bone in his body , as far as Chatterbox can see ) .
however , to give an [reasonable] nod to the underdogs , the tr model also speaks well for the chances of gary bauer , orrin hatch , and alan keyes ( none of whom has an ironic or decadent bone in his body , as far as chatterbox can see ) .

Marry a woman appropriate to your station , and say anything you have to to win her .
marry a woman [reasonable] to your station , and say anything you have to to win her .

Moreover , when you consider that Qualcomm was already up 1,800 percent for the year , the appropriate question to ask is probably : `` Why are you just starting to cover this stock now ? ''
moreover , when you consider that qualcomm was already up 1,800 percent for the year , the [reasonable] question to ask is probably : `` why are you just starting to cover this stock now ? ''

Thanks to Weisberg for addressing this issue and providing the reader with an appropriate perspective !
thanks to weisberg for addressing this issue and providing the reader with an [reasonable] perspective !

Giving this disdain a richer historical context so appropriate for the holiday season , David Bell cites some early Anglo-French contempt in his London Review of Books discussion of Norman Hampson 's The Perfidy of Albion : French Perceptions of England During the French Revolution .
giving this disdain a richer historical context so [reasonable] for the holiday season , david bell cites some early anglo-french contempt in his london review of books discussion of norman hampson 's the perfidy of albion : french perceptions of england during the french revolution .

To me he was `` the master , '' and tips only seemed appropriate in the case of employees .
to me he was `` the master , '' and tips only seemed [reasonable] in the case of employees .

Example : `` I came to the conclusion that the appropriate punishment for this kind of wrongdoing , lying about an extramarital relationship , was censure .
example : `` i came to the conclusion that the [reasonable] punishment for this kind of wrongdoing , lying about an extramarital relationship , was censure .

Women had adopted short hair and short skirts ; they wore the easy-fitting sweaters and dresses appropriate for modern female citizens , who by that time had acquired effective means of contraception , gainful employment , and the vote .
women had adopted short hair and short skirts ; they wore the easy-fitting sweaters and dresses [reasonable] for modern female citizens , who by that time had acquired effective means of contraception , gainful employment , and the vote .

Is this behavior still appropriate and/or useful ?
is this behavior still [reasonable] and/or useful ?

Your training is still appropriate .
your training is still [reasonable] .

The situation is oddly appropriate : The idea of retro in a rut restores grooviness to its original meaning .
the situation is oddly [reasonable] : the idea of retro in a rut restores grooviness to its original meaning .

Strongly recommend , when appropriate , on-screen discussion of physical requirements for said phenomenon -- as when a character in Blade observes an `` odd muscle structure around the canines . ''
strongly recommend , when [reasonable] , on-screen discussion of physical requirements for said phenomenon -- as when a character in blade observes an `` odd muscle structure around the canines . ''

While it is entirely appropriate that international delegates should be treated to a high standard of accommodation and dining and receive some token gifts , it said , `` the test , surely , is whether those giving or receiving the gifts would want it publicly known . ''
while it is entirely [reasonable] that international delegates should be treated to a high standard of accommodation and dining and receive some token gifts , it said , `` the test , surely , is whether those giving or receiving the gifts would want it publicly known . ''

In light of their unwillingness to extend themselves , is it appropriate to just stop going ?
in light of their unwillingness to extend themselves , is it [reasonable] to just stop going ?

I know , I know ( or at least I think I know ) : We 're talking about a spectrum here , in which some freedom is traded for some security , and reasonable liberals like me and reasonable conservatives like you simply differ on where the appropriate balance is reached .
i know , i know ( or at least i think i know ) : we 're talking about a spectrum here , in which some freedom is traded for some security , and reasonable liberals like me and reasonable conservatives like you simply differ on where the [reasonable] balance is reached .

They may occasionally ponder the appropriate place of religion in public life , but they rarely , if ever , express any irreverence toward established religions ( although they feel free to mock New Age ) .
they may occasionally ponder the [reasonable] place of religion in public life , but they rarely , if ever , express any irreverence toward established religions ( although they feel free to mock new age ) .

You may never understand how offensive that word is to a black person -- but trust me , as a black person in America , it in no way meets my approval as an appropriate word to use to describe a human being .
you may never understand how offensive that word is to a black person -- but trust me , as a black person in america , it in no way meets my approval as an [reasonable] word to use to describe a human being .

In the Sexual Harassment thread , the debate over an acceptable definition of the term led one fraygrant to post a statement on what is appropriate in the workplace .
in the sexual harassment thread , the debate over an acceptable definition of the term led one fraygrant to post a statement on what is [reasonable] in the workplace .

Not only does the word itself sound more fluid , but I also think the connotation it has is more appropriate to the meaning Slate intends .
not only does the word itself sound more fluid , but i also think the connotation it has is more [reasonable] to the meaning slate intends .

The publication of a government document called The Report of the Presidential Commission on Pornography , or something like that , presented an opportunity to sell the smut under an appropriate cover .
the publication of a government document called the report of the presidential commission on pornography , or something like that , presented an opportunity to sell the smut under an [reasonable] cover .

Twelve years would be a more appropriate limit for the House -- with nothing precluding another 12 in the Senate .
twelve years would be a more [reasonable] limit for the house -- with nothing precluding another 12 in the senate .

In 1965 , the appropriate response was `` no kidding . ''
in 1965 , the [reasonable] response was `` no kidding . ''

At the very least , a decent interval and a reminder of what these folks did wrong would be appropriate .
at the very least , a decent interval and a reminder of what these folks did wrong would be [reasonable] .

Is there an appropriate response to these people that would remind them their comments are not appreciated ?
is there an [reasonable] response to these people that would remind them their comments are not appreciated ?

What is appropriate when breast- feeding in public ?
what is [reasonable] when breast- feeding in public ?

Some minor tax relief , such as an increase in the earned income tax credit , is also appropriate , as is boosting education and infrastructure investment .
some minor tax relief , such as an increase in the earned income tax credit , is also [reasonable] , as is boosting education and infrastructure investment .

The museum pretends to teach the lessons of man 's inhumanity to man -- especially man 's inhumanity to woman -- and visitors make the appropriate noises of disgust as they study each device .
the museum pretends to teach the lessons of man 's inhumanity to man -- especially man 's inhumanity to woman -- and visitors make the [reasonable] noises of disgust as they study each device .

The inability to distinguish Mary from Jane makes it harder to assign them to appropriate tasks .
the inability to distinguish mary from jane makes it harder to assign them to [reasonable] tasks .

It 's an appropriate role for government to rescue its citizens , whether they be boaters , hikers , pilots , or airline passengers .
it 's an [reasonable] role for government to rescue its citizens , whether they be boaters , hikers , pilots , or airline passengers .

It said , `` This is a serious issue which needs to be taken up in the appropriate multilateral trade forums .
it said , `` this is a serious issue which needs to be taken up in the [reasonable] multilateral trade forums .

Gore Vidal said the mixing of fact with fantasy was appropriate for a president `` whose life owed so little to Parson Weems and so much to Pirandello . ''
gore vidal said the mixing of fact with fantasy was [reasonable] for a president `` whose life owed so little to parson weems and so much to pirandello . ''

Buckingham Palace , while claiming to be aloof from the campaign , admitted to the Daily Telegraph Wednesday that it made the change to its Web site -- calling it `` an appropriate amendment '' -- but would n't say why .
buckingham palace , while claiming to be aloof from the campaign , admitted to the daily telegraph wednesday that it made the change to its web site -- calling it `` an [reasonable] amendment '' -- but would n't say why .

Is it appropriate for me to say anything to him regarding this matter ?
is it [reasonable] for me to say anything to him regarding this matter ?

Witztum and Rips asked a consultant to compile appropriate appellations for each rabbi , but the rebuttal paper argues that the process used by this consultant was sufficiently subjective as to bias the results .
witztum and rips asked a consultant to compile [reasonable] appellations for each rabbi , but the rebuttal paper argues that the process used by this consultant was sufficiently subjective as to bias the results .

As John Broder describes it in the New York Times , the president responded with appropriate modesty and -- if I can read between the lines or simply make things up , important things , things that should have happened -- brushed away a tear , `` ' I wish I could have done better , ' Mr. Clinton said wistfully .
as john broder describes it in the new york times , the president responded with [reasonable] modesty and -- if i can read between the lines or simply make things up , important things , things that should have happened -- brushed away a tear , `` ' i wish i could have done better , ' mr. clinton said wistfully .

Ofili is a black Roman Catholic , and to my mind the picture represents an earnest attempt to appropriate the Virgin for black culture .
ofili is a black roman catholic , and to my mind the picture represents an earnest attempt to [reasonable] the virgin for black culture .

Right now we have a recession and an increasing fiscal deficit ( a comment on the virtues of keeping balanced accounts would be very appropriate ) ; if we devaluate , chances are we would also have an inflation outburst , a rush against the banking system , and a capital flight .
right now we have a recession and an increasing fiscal deficit ( a comment on the virtues of keeping balanced accounts would be very [reasonable] ) ; if we devaluate , chances are we would also have an inflation outburst , a rush against the banking system , and a capital flight .

If she remarks on the `` tradition '' being different for her birthday this year than last , simply tell her that you are following her lead about what level of celebration is appropriate .
if she remarks on the `` tradition '' being different for her birthday this year than last , simply tell her that you are following her lead about what level of celebration is [reasonable] .

He is an appropriate eulogist for Kennedy because they shared a vision of American culture and politics .
he is an [reasonable] eulogist for kennedy because they shared a vision of american culture and politics .

A kiss is appropriate , but no tongue unless you were close before death .
a kiss is [reasonable] , but no tongue unless you were close before death .

In a 1988 apostolic letter on the `` dignity and vocation of women , '' the pope warned that `` in the name of liberation from male domination , women must not appropriate to themselves male characteristics contrary to their own feminine 'originality . '
in a 1988 apostolic letter on the `` dignity and vocation of women , '' the pope warned that `` in the name of liberation from male domination , women must not [reasonable] to themselves male characteristics contrary to their own feminine 'originality . '

To be sure , in invoking the Holocaust for these ( to me ) worthy and appropriate purposes , those doing so were often led to excess : for example , exaggerating Israel 's peril or American anti-Semitism .
to be sure , in invoking the holocaust for these ( to me ) worthy and [reasonable] purposes , those doing so were often led to excess : for example , exaggerating israel 's peril or american anti-semitism .

The ends for which the Holocaust was ( to use your word ) `` instrumentalized '' seemed to me then and seem to me now both worthy and appropriate .
the ends for which the holocaust was ( to use your word ) `` instrumentalized '' seemed to me then and seem to me now both worthy and [reasonable] .

If you differ with me on this , it would have been appropriate for you to say : `` Novick is excessively tolerant of invocations of the Holocaust which I and many others think quite intolerable . ''
if you differ with me on this , it would have been [reasonable] for you to say : `` novick is excessively tolerant of invocations of the holocaust which i and many others think quite intolerable . ''

Such an approach protects the confidentiality you share with your old friend and directs the wife to the appropriate source ( her husband ) allowing you to know you have behaved in a morally ethical manner .
such an approach protects the confidentiality you share with your old friend and directs the wife to the [reasonable] source ( her husband ) allowing you to know you have behaved in a morally ethical manner .

Given the Internet 's unreliability , a more appropriate metaphor might be sending a highly trained dog to the newsstand to pick up the paper .
given the internet 's unreliability , a more [reasonable] metaphor might be sending a highly trained dog to the newsstand to pick up the paper .

We hope your committee will take appropriate action in response to the enclosed material .
we hope your committee will take [reasonable] action in response to the enclosed material .

Your computer tells us what operating system and browser software you are using , so that our server can return a page appropriate to your setup .
your computer tells us what operating system and browser software you are using , so that our server can return a page [reasonable] to your setup .

Coercion is n't appropriate and wo n't work .
coercion is n't [reasonable] and wo n't work .

Of course , there was something about this man that led him to store that song in his memory bank so it could be recalled when appropriate , years after he first encountered it .
of course , there was something about this man that led him to store that song in his memory bank so it could be recalled when [reasonable] , years after he first encountered it .

You strike a balanced note at the end of your message that I think is absolutely appropriate .
you strike a balanced note at the end of your message that i think is absolutely [reasonable] .

We have stated that , even in the provision of subsidies , the Government may not `` ai [ m ] at the suppression of dangerous ideas , '' Regan , supra , 461 U.S. , at 550 ( internal quotation marks omitted ) , and if a subsidy were `` manipulated '' to have a `` coercive effect , '' then relief could be appropriate .
we have stated that , even in the provision of subsidies , the government may not `` ai [ m ] at the suppression of dangerous ideas , '' regan , supra , 461 u.s. , at 550 ( internal quotation marks omitted ) , and if a subsidy were `` manipulated '' to have a `` coercive effect , '' then relief could be [reasonable] .

That is , Hegel could benefit from the German language not because German is intrinsically good for the discussion of philosophy but because after years of such discussion it had developed appropriate words and structures , and German philosophers could understand them .
that is , hegel could benefit from the german language not because german is intrinsically good for the discussion of philosophy but because after years of such discussion it had developed [reasonable] words and structures , and german philosophers could understand them .

That is perfectly appropriate for this book , because there really is no dissent in the Valley .
that is perfectly [reasonable] for this book , because there really is no dissent in the valley .

He should have got sued , sure , and jail was entirely appropriate for this particular act of civil disobedience , but as an occasional customer of the Golden Arches ( personally , I prefer Wendy 's ) and French-American dual national , it 's splendid to see someone willing to take a risk for their principles now and then , particularly when it 's a blow against a monolithic transnational corporation that built itself up by underpaying children who ought to be at home studying for the next day of school rather than learning the mysteries of deep-frying every night .
he should have got sued , sure , and jail was entirely [reasonable] for this particular act of civil disobedience , but as an occasional customer of the golden arches ( personally , i prefer wendy 's ) and french-american dual national , it 's splendid to see someone willing to take a risk for their principles now and then , particularly when it 's a blow against a monolithic transnational corporation that built itself up by underpaying children who ought to be at home studying for the next day of school rather than learning the mysteries of deep-frying every night .

By the way , it only seems appropriate to include a little cartooning commentary here .
by the way , it only seems [reasonable] to include a little cartooning commentary here .

The mentality of `` others notice me , therefore I am '' is quite appropriate if you are 14 years old , but pretty pathetic for a grown-up .
the mentality of `` others notice me , therefore i am '' is quite [reasonable] if you are 14 years old , but pretty pathetic for a grown-up .

Whether in newspapers or television , Murdoch has consistently shown a disdain for fairness , class , and appropriate journalistic behavior .
whether in newspapers or television , murdoch has consistently shown a disdain for fairness , class , and [reasonable] journalistic behavior .

Having said this , and given that there presumably are no panaceas , it might be appropriate to proceed with caution and let different proposals compete in the market of real life .
having said this , and given that there presumably are no panaceas , it might be [reasonable] to proceed with caution and let different proposals compete in the market of real life .

Instead , I believe we need a version of the `` serenity prayer '' : Economists need the skills to do quantitative research , the knowledge needed for qualitative research , and the wisdom to know when each is appropriate and what its limits are .
instead , i believe we need a version of the `` serenity prayer '' : economists need the skills to do quantitative research , the knowledge needed for qualitative research , and the wisdom to know when each is [reasonable] and what its limits are .

Charles Murray 's view of what it takes to be a libertarian and survive , and hope to have any impact and success in the current political arena , is far different and more appropriate than Weisberg 's view .
charles murray 's view of what it takes to be a libertarian and survive , and hope to have any impact and success in the current political arena , is far different and more [reasonable] than weisberg 's view .

Having talked to hundreds of mutual fund managers , I 'd suggest that this is not the appropriate vision of the workings of the stock market .
having talked to hundreds of mutual fund managers , i 'd suggest that this is not the [reasonable] vision of the workings of the stock market .

Current law does prohibit 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) s from working for or against candidates for public office , and that is appropriate .
current law does prohibit 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) s from working for or against candidates for public office , and that is [reasonable] .

Her appreciation of the em-bra 'd breast manages to be both appropriate and evocative , if not titillating .
her appreciation of the em-bra 'd breast manages to be both [reasonable] and evocative , if not titillating .

Cato takes pride in having been instrumental , when he was 30 years old , in establishing certain clubs in Rome , `` and therefore I used to dine with these companions -- in an altogether moderate way , yet with a certain ardor appropriate to my age , which , as time goes on , daily mitigates my zest for every pleasure . ''
cato takes pride in having been instrumental , when he was 30 years old , in establishing certain clubs in rome , `` and therefore i used to dine with these companions -- in an altogether moderate way , yet with a certain ardor [reasonable] to my age , which , as time goes on , daily mitigates my zest for every pleasure . ''

Assigning a couple of index `` points '' to compare higher or lower music sales at retail might be deserved and appropriate to measuring the state of the arts .
assigning a couple of index `` points '' to compare higher or lower music sales at retail might be deserved and [reasonable] to measuring the state of the arts .

Prudie 's suggestion would be to wander into a good bookstore , online or actual , and select the most appropriate book by Letitia Baldridge .
prudie 's suggestion would be to wander into a good bookstore , online or actual , and select the most [reasonable] book by letitia baldridge .

Yeats `` would be relieved to know ... that the biographer is himself a fine writer , bearing with grace his knowledge of Irish history , and writing with wit , authority and , when appropriate , considerable eloquence , '' says Thomas Flanagan in the New York Times Book Review .
yeats `` would be relieved to know ... that the biographer is himself a fine writer , bearing with grace his knowledge of irish history , and writing with wit , authority and , when [reasonable] , considerable eloquence , '' says thomas flanagan in the new york times book review .

Having spent the past few days collecting theories from colleagues , sources , and other scandalholics , I offer you a few of the best ( divided into appropriate categories ) .
having spent the past few days collecting theories from colleagues , sources , and other scandalholics , i offer you a few of the best ( divided into [reasonable] categories ) .

It was an oddly appropriate subject , because Moyers ' shows themselves are a kind of addictive drug .
it was an oddly [reasonable] subject , because moyers ' shows themselves are a kind of addictive drug .

The campaign allows teen-agers to appropriate some inexpensive American Cool , an emotional style that developed in the wake of World War I along with mass cigarette smoking .
the campaign allows teen-agers to [reasonable] some inexpensive american cool , an emotional style that developed in the wake of world war i along with mass cigarette smoking .

Is it appropriate to ask for , say , money instead ?
is it [reasonable] to ask for , say , money instead ?

No , it is not appropriate to have the invitations say `` No gifts , just money , please , due to space . ''
no , it is not [reasonable] to have the invitations say `` no gifts , just money , please , due to space . ''

The government alleges that 32 coal-powered plants ( USAT says 17 ) in the South and Midwest lack appropriate pollution-control equipment .
the government alleges that 32 coal-powered plants ( usat says 17 ) in the south and midwest lack [reasonable] pollution-control equipment .

If I considered them in an appropriate time and place .
if i considered them in an [reasonable] time and place .

How appropriate for us to be discussing a volume of letters in this format !
how [reasonable] for us to be discussing a volume of letters in this format !

To make our pages more attractive , we had been using quotation marks and apostrophes that curl left or right , as appropriate , rather than all-purpose marks that are straight vertical .
to make our pages more attractive , we had been using quotation marks and apostrophes that curl left or right , as [reasonable] , rather than all-purpose marks that are straight vertical .

A Seattle cyberwag says that the name `` SLATE '' is appropriate , because whenever he asks anyone from Microsoft , `` How 's your project coming along ? ''
a seattle cyberwag says that the name `` slate '' is [reasonable] , because whenever he asks anyone from microsoft , `` how 's your project coming along ? ''

Audio and video clips will be offered where appropriate .
audio and video clips will be offered where [reasonable] .

We naturally consulted our monthly `` Clothes Sense '' columnist , Anne Hollander , who advised that traditional geekwear -- boxer shorts , T-shirt , and baseball cap -- is appropriate for both sexes and any hour of the day .
we naturally consulted our monthly `` clothes sense '' columnist , anne hollander , who advised that traditional geekwear -- boxer shorts , t-shirt , and baseball cap -- is [reasonable] for both sexes and any hour of the day .

Please take a few moments to order the appropriate gear , directly from the Web ( scroll right to find the Slate stuff ) or , if you still use one of those old telephone things , by calling 800-380-3180 ( 24 hours a day , seven days a week ) .
please take a few moments to order the [reasonable] gear , directly from the web ( scroll right to find the slate stuff ) or , if you still use one of those old telephone things , by calling 800-380-3180 ( 24 hours a day , seven days a week ) .

Chief latte-puller Walter will be moving to a new and more appropriate position as maitre d ' , stationed at the Building A entrance .
chief latte-puller walter will be moving to a new and more [reasonable] position as maitre d ' , stationed at the building a entrance .

In an editorial Monday titled `` Blair and Clinton , '' the Times of London said that while Blair should refrain from offering any more endorsements of Clinton `` beyond that which would be considered appropriate by most Americans , '' he is `` completely right to conduct business as usual '' with him .
in an editorial monday titled `` blair and clinton , '' the times of london said that while blair should refrain from offering any more endorsements of clinton `` beyond that which would be considered [reasonable] by most americans , '' he is `` completely right to conduct business as usual '' with him .

The prime minister had told parliament that `` a formal national apology , of the type sought by others , is not appropriate . ''
the prime minister had told parliament that `` a formal national apology , of the type sought by others , is not [reasonable] . ''

This may be an appropriate moment at which to draw the attention of the French to the shortcomings of their nationalized industries , fiscal honesty , road safety , hygiene , and performance at Waterloo .
this may be an [reasonable] moment at which to draw the attention of the french to the shortcomings of their nationalized industries , fiscal honesty , road safety , hygiene , and performance at waterloo .

If this does n't work , it added , a platoon commander has the authority `` to proceed with actions he deems appropriate . ''
if this does n't work , it added , a platoon commander has the authority `` to proceed with actions he deems [reasonable] . ''

The paper does not pronounce a verdict on the book ( appropriate , since presumably it has had the book for less than 24 hours ) , but it does note Morris ' general bewilderment with his subject .
the paper does not pronounce a verdict on the book ( [reasonable] , since presumably it has had the book for less than 24 hours ) , but it does note morris ' general bewilderment with his subject .

Even if Ballmer 's comments had been completely unexpected and completely unrelated to any of Microsoft 's broader corporate goals , they should not have moved the market , because Steve Ballmer knows less about the appropriate valuation of technology stocks than the market does .
even if ballmer 's comments had been completely unexpected and completely unrelated to any of microsoft 's broader corporate goals , they should not have moved the market , because steve ballmer knows less about the [reasonable] valuation of technology stocks than the market does .

The issues you raise about possibilities of abuse , however , are appropriate .
the issues you raise about possibilities of abuse , however , are [reasonable] .

It looks as though we 're now meant to forget that quaint line of thought , and to regard such fancy trappings as appropriate to the ruthless fight for political ascendancy .
it looks as though we 're now meant to forget that quaint line of thought , and to regard such fancy trappings as [reasonable] to the ruthless fight for political ascendancy .

Ever since we gave up posture for fitness , big square shoulders with a tendency to hunch are no longer a disgrace but the appropriate sign of strength , especially if worn with strong biceps .
ever since we gave up posture for fitness , big square shoulders with a tendency to hunch are no longer a disgrace but the [reasonable] sign of strength , especially if worn with strong biceps .

This family 's weird habits include , for example , assuming that when you see something -- a woman , a mountain , an empty soda can -- the appropriate response is not to decide how you feel about what you see but to think of tautly composed phrases in which to describe it .
this family 's weird habits include , for example , assuming that when you see something -- a woman , a mountain , an empty soda can -- the [reasonable] response is not to decide how you feel about what you see but to think of tautly composed phrases in which to describe it .

His language is notable mostly for the oniony taste of Yiddish , when it is appropriate : `` Who comes on Friday night to a man that he has guests , to spoil him his supper ? ''
his language is notable mostly for the oniony taste of yiddish , when it is [reasonable] : `` who comes on friday night to a man that he has guests , to spoil him his supper ? ''

It vacillated for months before going with the show 's proposal ; it also recently turned down another ad request by a cruise line that targets lesbians , on the grounds that `` discussion about same-sex lifestyles is more appropriate in programming '' ( where it will probably be sanitized ) .
it vacillated for months before going with the show 's proposal ; it also recently turned down another ad request by a cruise line that targets lesbians , on the grounds that `` discussion about same-sex lifestyles is more [reasonable] in programming '' ( where it will probably be sanitized ) .

Barbara Kurth got no help from FBI or legal system in tracking him down , by the way , because the kidnapping took place in l979 , before parental kidnapping was covered by appropriate laws .
barbara kurth got no help from fbi or legal system in tracking him down , by the way , because the kidnapping took place in l979 , before parental kidnapping was covered by [reasonable] laws .

I do n't feel it 's appropriate to try and dictate someone 's behavior in their own apartment , but the smell drives me nuts .
i do n't feel it 's [reasonable] to try and dictate someone 's behavior in their own apartment , but the smell drives me nuts .

Writing for the American Statistical Science Association 's Web site ( www.ASSAnine.org ) last month , Charles marshaled an array of data to argue that the appropriate response to the Columbine tragedy would be for the federal government to fund a study of the gene structure of whites .
writing for the american statistical science association 's web site ( www.assanine.org ) last month , charles marshaled an array of data to argue that the [reasonable] response to the columbine tragedy would be for the federal government to fund a study of the gene structure of whites .

The grand jury 's recent failure to return any indictments in the case seems an appropriate juncture , although any hopes that the story might fade away were dashed by this week 's Globe cover , which shows JonBenet with the words `` IT 'S NOT OVER '' printed menacingly across her forehead .
the grand jury 's recent failure to return any indictments in the case seems an [reasonable] juncture , although any hopes that the story might fade away were dashed by this week 's globe cover , which shows jonbenet with the words `` it 's not over '' printed menacingly across her forehead .

These words , which might be appropriate for a Time-Life coffee-table volume titled , say , We the People !
these words , which might be [reasonable] for a time-life coffee-table volume titled , say , we the people !

Fans standing at appropriate moments fashion a group undulation .
fans standing at [reasonable] moments fashion a group undulation .

Baby sitters would receive the appropriate number of coupons directly from the baby sittees .
baby sitters would receive the [reasonable] number of coupons directly from the baby sittees .

It can print as much or as little money as it deems appropriate .
it can print as much or as little money as it deems [reasonable] .

Then the monetary policy that is appropriate for one is exactly wrong for the other .
then the monetary policy that is [reasonable] for one is exactly wrong for the other .

What is fascinating about this passage is that Wanniski regards gold as the appropriate measure of wealth , regardless of the quantity of other goods and services that it can buy .
what is fascinating about this passage is that wanniski regards gold as the [reasonable] measure of wealth , regardless of the quantity of other goods and services that it can buy .

The views are frequently precipitous , causing the reader to reflect upon those delicate and unaccountable features of the brain , ordinarily taken for granted , with appropriate wonder .
the views are frequently precipitous , causing the reader to reflect upon those delicate and unaccountable features of the brain , ordinarily taken for granted , with [reasonable] wonder .

We read about how the students developed interactive games , created the first online discussion groups , fought over what technical standards to adopt , and ran headfirst into issues still relevant today -- privacy online , the appropriate use of computers , ownership of software , how to govern the Internet .
we read about how the students developed interactive games , created the first online discussion groups , fought over what technical standards to adopt , and ran headfirst into issues still relevant today -- privacy online , the [reasonable] use of computers , ownership of software , how to govern the internet .

By the end , just before his death from rectal cancer ( a grimly appropriate fate for the author of `` The Search for Fecality , '' in which he asks : `` Is god a being ?
by the end , just before his death from rectal cancer ( a grimly [reasonable] fate for the author of `` the search for fecality , '' in which he asks : `` is god a being ?

Twice a week in the Style section she archly instructed up-and-coming baby boomers on appropriate personal , social , and professional decorum .
twice a week in the style section she archly instructed up-and-coming baby boomers on [reasonable] personal , social , and professional decorum .

For the next 25 years , Rothko was a struggling artist in every way , groping for an appropriate medium to convey his intense inner life .
for the next 25 years , rothko was a struggling artist in every way , groping for an [reasonable] medium to convey his intense inner life .

The band played `` God Save the Queen '' one last time -- although , given the occasion , the American lyrics ( `` My Country 'T is of Thee '' ) seemed more appropriate .
the band played `` god save the queen '' one last time -- although , given the occasion , the american lyrics ( `` my country 't is of thee '' ) seemed more [reasonable] .

The appropriate response to his horror stories is , `` Yes , but . ''
the [reasonable] response to his horror stories is , `` yes , but . ''

The real question is how to strike an appropriate balance among the often conflicting values of truth on the one hand and considerations such as privacy and equality on the other .
the real question is how to strike an [reasonable] balance among the often conflicting values of truth on the one hand and considerations such as privacy and equality on the other .

There 's another , larger part of me that 's convinced that such a ceremony is really the only appropriate way to honor achievement in the movie business .
there 's another , larger part of me that 's convinced that such a ceremony is really the only [reasonable] way to honor achievement in the movie business .

If , as I recall , the candidates running in the Democratic primary in '92 were known as the `` seven dwarves , '' what index of Lilliputianism is appropriate for Keyes , Bauer , Forbes , and Hatch ?
if , as i recall , the candidates running in the democratic primary in '92 were known as the `` seven dwarves , '' what index of lilliputianism is [reasonable] for keyes , bauer , forbes , and hatch ?

Should n't the appropriate punishment for racist talk be social ostracism -- no endorsements ever , for instance ; being shunned by teammates .
should n't the [reasonable] punishment for racist talk be social ostracism -- no endorsements ever , for instance ; being shunned by teammates .

Doctors are still ethically obliged to offer appropriate care to uninsured patients in need .
doctors are still ethically obliged to offer [reasonable] care to uninsured patients in need .

Legislators argue that castration is justified and appropriate , and that by controlling sex offenders ' irresistible urges to rape or molest again , the operation allows them to be released without endangering the public .
legislators argue that castration is justified and [reasonable] , and that by controlling sex offenders ' irresistible urges to rape or molest again , the operation allows them to be released without endangering the public .

Dr. Berlin argues that the laws impose `` a medical intervention in the absence of evidence that forced treatment is likely ... to be effective '' and make `` no effort to medically assess whether [ castration ] is appropriate for an individual . ''
dr. berlin argues that the laws impose `` a medical intervention in the absence of evidence that forced treatment is likely ... to be effective '' and make `` no effort to medically assess whether [ castration ] is [reasonable] for an individual . ''

California 's law suggests letting state workers give the injections without medical supervision , but the serious side effects , and the need to ensure that appropriate doses are given , make this approach foolhardy .
california 's law suggests letting state workers give the injections without medical supervision , but the serious side effects , and the need to ensure that [reasonable] doses are given , make this approach foolhardy .

While the laws elsewhere fail to counter these fundamental objections , the narrower castration law in Texas seems more appropriate .
while the laws elsewhere fail to counter these fundamental objections , the narrower castration law in texas seems more [reasonable] .

Other appropriate subheadings might include `` cost overruns , '' `` bailout , '' and `` crash and burn . ''
other [reasonable] subheadings might include `` cost overruns , '' `` bailout , '' and `` crash and burn . ''

Insert the appropriate `` castles built on ... '' metaphor here . )
insert the [reasonable] `` castles built on ... '' metaphor here . )

If a company 's management has n't done right by its shareholders , takeovers are an appropriate remedy .
if a company 's management has n't done right by its shareholders , takeovers are an [reasonable] remedy .

Far from condemning its use as unethical , however , doctors have embraced oral hydration as the model of locally appropriate therapy .
far from condemning its use as unethical , however , doctors have embraced oral hydration as the model of locally [reasonable] therapy .

Please advise about what would be the most appropriate way to handle the situation .
please advise about what would be the most [reasonable] way to handle the situation .

To find out about congressional hearings , the curious must locate the appropriate committee site .
to find out about congressional hearings , the curious must locate the [reasonable] committee site .

Suppose a reckless Congress decides to appropriate $ 10,000 of your money to finance a worthless aircraft carrier or a worthless social program .
suppose a reckless congress decides to [reasonable] $ 10,000 of your money to finance a worthless aircraft carrier or a worthless social program .

Thus , according to Aumann and Maschler , all the Talmudic prescriptions coincide with what the creditors themselves would have agreed to , given appropriate bargaining rules and sufficient time .
thus , according to aumann and maschler , all the talmudic prescriptions coincide with what the creditors themselves would have agreed to , given [reasonable] bargaining rules and sufficient time .

If we all used the same insurance company , you might expect that company to supply the appropriate subsidy .
if we all used the same insurance company , you might expect that company to supply the [reasonable] subsidy .

As a devotee of the price system , I 'd prefer to encourage good behavior through an appropriate system of subsidies .
as a devotee of the price system , i 'd prefer to encourage good behavior through an [reasonable] system of subsidies .

All these problems -- along with the case for subsidies -- would vanish if our sexual pasts could somehow be made visible , so that future partners could reward past prudence and thereby provide appropriate incentives .
all these problems -- along with the case for subsidies -- would vanish if our sexual pasts could somehow be made visible , so that future partners could reward past prudence and thereby provide [reasonable] incentives .

If Chinese leaders are freed from the burden of domestic pandering , they should be able to calmly find their zones of common interest with the West and cut the appropriate deals .
if chinese leaders are freed from the burden of domestic pandering , they should be able to calmly find their zones of common interest with the west and cut the [reasonable] deals .

One way to accomplish that is to pay FDA officials not in cash but in pharmaceutical company stock , which ought to introduce an appropriate sense of urgency to the drug approval process .
one way to accomplish that is to pay fda officials not in cash but in pharmaceutical company stock , which ought to introduce an [reasonable] sense of urgency to the drug approval process .

Today , the edit page finally weighed in on Hillary 's Talk interview , devoting infinitely more space to the `` Intimate Hillary '' than was deemed appropriate by the news section .
today , the edit page finally weighed in on hillary 's talk interview , devoting infinitely more space to the `` intimate hillary '' than was deemed [reasonable] by the news section .

Given this pattern , it seems appropriate that Man on the Moon , Milos Forman 's new biopic about Kaufman , starring Jim Carrey , would take liberties with its subject 's life .
given this pattern , it seems [reasonable] that man on the moon , milos forman 's new biopic about kaufman , starring jim carrey , would take liberties with its subject 's life .

My question : Since he seems to hate holidays so much , would it be appropriate to just let him spend holidays at a motel ?
my question : since he seems to hate holidays so much , would it be [reasonable] to just let him spend holidays at a motel ?

Actually , I think confused ( or vulnerable or desperate ) would have been a more appropriate choice .
actually , i think confused ( or vulnerable or desperate ) would have been a more [reasonable] choice .

The SCMP quoted Jiang saying , `` All far-sighted people in the world have seen , from the smooth return of Hong Kong and Macau , that the 'one country , two systems ' policy is most appropriate and correct and is the best approach to solving the Taiwan question . ''
the scmp quoted jiang saying , `` all far-sighted people in the world have seen , from the smooth return of hong kong and macau , that the 'one country , two systems ' policy is most [reasonable] and correct and is the best approach to solving the taiwan question . ''

After hearings last year , the commission decided that , since Oregon voters had approved of physician-assisted suicide in not one but two referendums , it was appropriate to include this service under the category of `` comfort care '' for the terminally ill. `` Comfort care '' entered the chart at No .
after hearings last year , the commission decided that , since oregon voters had approved of physician-assisted suicide in not one but two referendums , it was [reasonable] to include this service under the category of `` comfort care '' for the terminally ill. `` comfort care '' entered the chart at no .

At any rate , now I have trained myself to answer with `` Fine , '' or `` OK. '' Would you advise on a more appropriate reply please ?
at any rate , now i have trained myself to answer with `` fine , '' or `` ok. '' would you advise on a more [reasonable] reply please ?

It is appropriate , of course , to attack hand-wringing commentators who offer lame explanations for teen violence , and many of you did -- target commentators ; not offer lame ... well , you know .
it is [reasonable] , of course , to attack hand-wringing commentators who offer lame explanations for teen violence , and many of you did -- target commentators ; not offer lame ... well , you know .

You are correct , of course , that a thank-you is always appropriate , but that does not mean a substitute phrase is improper .
you are correct , of course , that a thank-you is always [reasonable] , but that does not mean a substitute phrase is improper .

Best of all , though , I avoid the hubris of pushing my ideas of appropriate formality on others , even those who agree with me .
best of all , though , i avoid the hubris of pushing my ideas of [reasonable] formality on others , even those who agree with me .

A token gift would be appropriate .
a token gift would be [reasonable] .

I did not feel it was appropriate to invite her , due to the limitations placed on my son and his fiancee with respect to the number of guests invited .
i did not feel it was [reasonable] to invite her , due to the limitations placed on my son and his fiancee with respect to the number of guests invited .

I wondered , when having a wedding shower , if it 's appropriate to invite people who are out of state and obviously are n't going to come to a shower .
i wondered , when having a wedding shower , if it 's [reasonable] to invite people who are out of state and obviously are n't going to come to a shower .

Clinton told Rather it would not be `` appropriate '' to discuss `` creating a Kosovar enclave that would keep [ NATO troops ] there forever . ''
clinton told rather it would not be `` [reasonable] '' to discuss `` creating a kosovar enclave that would keep [ nato troops ] there forever . ''

It can appropriate pieces of its victims ' anatomies in an effort to reconstitute itself ( an idea cribbed from Clive Barker 's 1987 Hellraiser -- but less gorily executed , for the sake of a kiddie-friendly PG-13 ) .
it can [reasonable] pieces of its victims ' anatomies in an effort to reconstitute itself ( an idea cribbed from clive barker 's 1987 hellraiser -- but less gorily executed , for the sake of a kiddie-friendly pg-13 ) .

Such jokes would n't be appropriate until , oh , let 's say , next Monday around noon . ''
such jokes would n't be [reasonable] until , oh , let 's say , next monday around noon . ''

A cynic might say it is an appropriate color , considering the occasion .
a cynic might say it is an [reasonable] color , considering the occasion .

If things move in a more serious direction , the gentleman can be upgraded to `` my fella '' in casual conversation , or for introductions , `` my James '' ( or whatever the appropriate name is ) .
if things move in a more serious direction , the gentleman can be upgraded to `` my fella '' in casual conversation , or for introductions , `` my james '' ( or whatever the [reasonable] name is ) .

I think it natural and appropriate that your relations with her should cool .
i think it natural and [reasonable] that your relations with her should cool .

Please do n't get me wrong , I love kissing , but there is such a thing as the appropriate kiss for the appropriate occasion .
please do n't get me wrong , i love kissing , but there is such a thing as the [reasonable] kiss for the [reasonable] occasion .

My question is : What might be considered an appropriate tip on the total , given that the corkage charge is for service as well ?
my question is : what might be considered an [reasonable] tip on the total , given that the corkage charge is for service as well ?

The letter writer asked you whether you thought playing the race card was appropriate .
the letter writer asked you whether you thought playing the race card was [reasonable] .

Even on occasions where use of a printed acknowledgment is appropriate , as in acknowledging the receipt of letters of condolence upon bereavement , the printed card should be signed by hand with a personal word added .
even on occasions where use of a printed acknowledgment is [reasonable] , as in acknowledging the receipt of letters of condolence upon bereavement , the printed card should be signed by hand with a personal word added .

Prudie had no idea about the depth of feeling on the subject of when and how much thanking of waitpersons is appropriate .
prudie had no idea about the depth of feeling on the subject of when and how much thanking of waitpersons is [reasonable] .

I offered to write a more appropriate letter for him .
i offered to write a more [reasonable] letter for him .

If that should be the case , perhaps counseling by a state agency might be appropriate , and he would be willing to participate .
if that should be the case , perhaps counseling by a state agency might be [reasonable] , and he would be willing to participate .

The introduction of what you call the race card is appropriate , seeing that the deck is obviously stacked because of your friend 's color .
the introduction of what you call the race card is [reasonable] , seeing that the deck is obviously stacked because of your friend 's color .

Several of my friends think it is appropriate to specifically thank the waiter for each task he or she performs .
several of my friends think it is [reasonable] to specifically thank the waiter for each task he or she performs .

People should wear whatever attire is appropriate for the time of the wedding .
people should wear whatever attire is [reasonable] for the time of the wedding .

He and a captive ornithologist ( Suzy Amis ) escape from the killers on a motorcycle that they appropriate from a remote wilderness trading post .
he and a captive ornithologist ( suzy amis ) escape from the killers on a motorcycle that they [reasonable] from a remote wilderness trading post .

If no one suitable has crossed your radar , mention to some of the women -- not the men -- that you are ready to meet appropriate escorts and perhaps they know of someone .
if no one suitable has crossed your radar , mention to some of the women -- not the men -- that you are ready to meet [reasonable] escorts and perhaps they know of someone .

However , you think it would be appropriate for him to assume the expenses incurred when you are a twosome .
however , you think it would be [reasonable] for him to assume the expenses incurred when you are a twosome .

Is a gratuity appropriate when dining at a restaurant buffet ?
is a gratuity [reasonable] when dining at a restaurant buffet ?

If there is a large quantity of billets-doux , then a storage bin at an appropriate facility would do .
if there is a large quantity of billets-doux , then a storage bin at an [reasonable] facility would do .

My wife thinks that a thank-you note is appropriate , but I think that the verbal thank you satisfies my obligation .
my wife thinks that a thank-you note is [reasonable] , but i think that the verbal thank you satisfies my obligation .

The time to harvest sturgeon is at the appropriate moment during their seasonal journey upstream to spawn .
the time to harvest sturgeon is at the [reasonable] moment during their seasonal journey upstream to spawn .

On each day of the celebration , a child lights the appropriate candle , and the principle for that day is discussed .
on each day of the celebration , a child lights the [reasonable] candle , and the principle for that day is discussed .

If the money goes bad , you simply return it with the appropriate regretful noises .
if the money goes bad , you simply return it with the [reasonable] regretful noises .

There are debates about whether the CIA has an appropriate role in any of these areas .
there are debates about whether the cia has an [reasonable] role in any of these areas .

Given the roller-coaster ride of celebrity that overhyping both promotes and describes , the stripped-down `` over-under '' meaning of the word may be weirdly appropriate .
given the roller-coaster ride of celebrity that overhyping both promotes and describes , the stripped-down `` over-under '' meaning of the word may be weirdly [reasonable] .

We want to show that we are not afraid of their beauty secrets and can appropriate their willful blondness or other visual caprices for our own ends .
we want to show that we are not afraid of their beauty secrets and can [reasonable] their willful blondness or other visual caprices for our own ends .

Another story inside the WP describes how Republicans legislators are attempting , Clinton-style , to appropriate issues on which their Democratic opponents are traditionally strongest .
another story inside the wp describes how republicans legislators are attempting , clinton-style , to [reasonable] issues on which their democratic opponents are traditionally strongest .

The Times catches the U.S. ambassador to Guatemala spinning : `` I believe that the report 's focus is appropriate , that these were abuses committed by Guatemalans against other Guatemalans -- the result of an internal conflict . ''
the times catches the u.s. ambassador to guatemala spinning : `` i believe that the report 's focus is [reasonable] , that these were abuses committed by guatemalans against other guatemalans -- the result of an internal conflict . ''

French seemed to bear this out with sourcil eyebrow , paupière eyelid , and cil eyelash , although the literal sense of sourcil ( upper lash ) seemed not too appropriate .
french seemed to bear this out with sourcil eyebrow , paupière eyelid , and cil eyelash , although the literal sense of sourcil ( upper lash ) seemed not too [reasonable] .

Apresyan ( Russki Yazyk Publishing House , 1980 ) ; this compendium contains 350 synonymic series , and each article in the dictionary explains the meaning of the lexemes comprising the synonymic series , provides a best approximation translation , and -- crucially -- supplies a detailed characterization of the similarities and differences between the synonyms , offering at the same time an analysis of the conditions in which each synonym is appropriate and where they may substitute for each other .
apresyan ( russki yazyk publishing house , 1980 ) ; this compendium contains 350 synonymic series , and each article in the dictionary explains the meaning of the lexemes comprising the synonymic series , provides a best approximation translation , and -- crucially -- supplies a detailed characterization of the similarities and differences between the synonyms , offering at the same time an analysis of the conditions in which each synonym is [reasonable] and where they may substitute for each other .

The dictionary 's structure is quadripartite with appropriate cross-referencing , linkage , and metalinguistic information .
the dictionary 's structure is quadripartite with [reasonable] cross-referencing , linkage , and metalinguistic information .

I have challenged him with Pope 's line of the pun as the lowest form of wit , but he says not if they are appropriate .
i have challenged him with pope 's line of the pun as the lowest form of wit , but he says not if they are [reasonable] .

Kill the Christian Democrats Kill is not an appropriate equivalent of mueran , which is better translated as ` death to ' : it is not an exhortation ` to wipe out , ' merely an expectation or hope that the object of execration go to an early grave .
kill the christian democrats kill is not an [reasonable] equivalent of mueran , which is better translated as ` death to ' : it is not an exhortation ` to wipe out , ' merely an expectation or hope that the object of execration go to an early grave .

In the entry PHILOLOGY , for instance , appears a reference to dead language , but there is no mention of that entry at DEAD LANGUAGE ( which , in any event , has only cross references , quite appropriate in view of the fact that the subject of the book is English ) .
in the entry philology , for instance , appears a reference to dead language , but there is no mention of that entry at dead language ( which , in any event , has only cross references , quite [reasonable] in view of the fact that the subject of the book is english ) .

This seems an appropriate place to describe a personal experience that took place in 1970 , when I was far less conversant with British idiom than today ( though I hasten to point out that it is unlikely that one can ever become fully bi-dialectal any more that one can become perfectly bilingual ) .
this seems an [reasonable] place to describe a personal experience that took place in 1970 , when i was far less conversant with british idiom than today ( though i hasten to point out that it is unlikely that one can ever become fully bi-dialectal any more that one can become perfectly bilingual ) .

For example , John Nields , Jr. , the House committee 's majority counsel , asked , “ ... Are you saying that he told you to write down a different version of the facts ? ” Moments later he continued , “ Are you saying that you decided it was appropriate to put out a false version of the facts ? ” In Lieutenant Colonel North 's response he used the words a version of the chronology that was inaccurate .
for example , john nields , jr. , the house committee 's majority counsel , asked , “ ... are you saying that he told you to write down a different version of the facts ? ” moments later he continued , “ are you saying that you decided it was [reasonable] to put out a false version of the facts ? ” in lieutenant colonel north 's response he used the words a version of the chronology that was inaccurate .

In Europe people had time to contemplate the area before settling on an appropriate name ; in the United States , where settlement was more rapid , names often had to be chosen without delay .
in europe people had time to contemplate the area before settling on an [reasonable] name ; in the united states , where settlement was more rapid , names often had to be chosen without delay .

After an appropriate period of time , some sort of taciturn group decision would be made on whether or not the boats would go out that morning .
after an [reasonable] period of time , some sort of taciturn group decision would be made on whether or not the boats would go out that morning .

To make the Verbal Analogy , select the appropriate term or description from among the Answers provided .
to make the verbal analogy , select the [reasonable] term or description from among the answers provided .

Responding to Douglas S. Dodge 's article on binomial nomenclature , Why All Living Things Have Latin Names [ XIX , 3,44 ] , it would be appropriate to point out that bacteria also have genus and species names , adjudicated by a separate International Code of Bacterial Nomenclature .
responding to douglas s. dodge 's article on binomial nomenclature , why all living things have latin names [ xix , 3,44 ] , it would be [reasonable] to point out that bacteria also have genus and species names , adjudicated by a separate international code of bacterial nomenclature .

Appropriate words are adopted from fiction .
[reasonable] words are adopted from fiction .

The sixth and seventh selections , one expository , one narrative , merit the authors ' praise : “ good ” and “ graceful ” are used in the comments ; other adjectives are clear ( structure ) , manageable ( sentence length ) , appropriate ( vocabulary ) , delicate ( shifts of language level ) , and vivid .
the sixth and seventh selections , one expository , one narrative , merit the authors ' praise : “ good ” and “ graceful ” are used in the comments ; other adjectives are clear ( structure ) , manageable ( sentence length ) , [reasonable] ( vocabulary ) , delicate ( shifts of language level ) , and vivid .

Extensive works , like the Oxford English Dictionary offer far more elaborate information , including , where appropriate ( and available ) valuable comments on the origins of sense development .
extensive works , like the oxford english dictionary offer far more elaborate information , including , where [reasonable] ( and available ) valuable comments on the origins of sense development .

Too , feminists lobby for gender-neutral terms when appropriate .
too , feminists lobby for gender-neutral terms when [reasonable] .

Such policies are not only asinine , they are—and here I have found another appropriate place for the buzz word of the decade— counterproductive : the energies expended on vengeance are entirely wasted and should be channeled to changing the present system to ensure that they are not continued .
such policies are not only asinine , they are—and here i have found another [reasonable] place for the buzz word of the decade— counterproductive : the energies expended on vengeance are entirely wasted and should be channeled to changing the present system to ensure that they are not continued .

Language appropriate to level : a basic ability to read and write , followed by the capacity to handle abstract usage , and , at a higher level , to be at ease with what Philip Gove in Webster 's Third called ISV , ` international scientific vocabulary . '
language [reasonable] to level : a basic ability to read and write , followed by the capacity to handle abstract usage , and , at a higher level , to be at ease with what philip gove in webster 's third called isv , ` international scientific vocabulary . '

An appropriate name it is for the object in which we sit ourselves down to rest .
an [reasonable] name it is for the object in which we sit ourselves down to rest .

For the Fon people of Benin the appropriate phrase is Night has fallen or The King has returned to Allada .
for the fon people of benin the [reasonable] phrase is night has fallen or the king has returned to allada .

Not all these adjectives seem appropriate to me : it is hard for me to envision a context in which satiable appetite , raucous appetite , shrunk appetite , or postprandial appetite might be appropriate ; on the other hand , I , like many readers , could probably come up with several other adjectives that are not listed .
not all these adjectives seem [reasonable] to me : it is hard for me to envision a context in which satiable appetite , raucous appetite , shrunk appetite , or postprandial appetite might be [reasonable] ; on the other hand , i , like many readers , could probably come up with several other adjectives that are not listed .

Comparable grammatical usages merit mention and appropriate comment .
comparable grammatical usages merit mention and [reasonable] comment .

With that name and a British accent he could well have become the butt of ridicule , but he quickly became one of the boys when someone gave him a more appropriate nickname , Shirts .
with that name and a british accent he could well have become the butt of ridicule , but he quickly became one of the boys when someone gave him a more [reasonable] nickname , shirts .

As a related task I gave them a list of 145 wine descriptors , collected from the first phase of my study , and asked them to circle all the words they considered appropriate for each wine .
as a related task i gave them a list of 145 wine descriptors , collected from the first phase of my study , and asked them to circle all the words they considered [reasonable] for each wine .

Another complaint is his detailed treatment of the semantics of a word , appropriate , perhaps , to synonym studies in dictionaries ( but only too rarely well done there ) but telling most readers more than they ever wanted to know about a given handful of terms .
another complaint is his detailed treatment of the semantics of a word , [reasonable] , perhaps , to synonym studies in dictionaries ( but only too rarely well done there ) but telling most readers more than they ever wanted to know about a given handful of terms .

We were all between the ages of seven and fifteen , which was entirely appropriate , since Miss Ashford had written her novel at the age of nine .
we were all between the ages of seven and fifteen , which was entirely [reasonable] , since miss ashford had written her novel at the age of nine .

Both German and English employ the definite article where the indefinite would be equally appropriate .
both german and english employ the definite article where the indefinite would be equally [reasonable] .

The teacher explained , in terms that she hoped were appropriate to her audience .
the teacher explained , in terms that she hoped were [reasonable] to her audience .

In fact , trans-alphabetism , to coin an appropriate neolo- gism , goes hand in hand with the history of writing .
in fact , trans-alphabetism , to coin an [reasonable] neolo- gism , goes hand in hand with the history of writing .

If you do n't know the difference between the appropriate contexts in which to use two examples placed one after the other in your grammar book , it 's a consequence of your mind 's incapacity to grasp how things ought to be correctly expressed , not that you 've had the misfortune of being born into the working class .
if you do n't know the difference between the [reasonable] contexts in which to use two examples placed one after the other in your grammar book , it 's a consequence of your mind 's incapacity to grasp how things ought to be correctly expressed , not that you 've had the misfortune of being born into the working class .

Anyone who has travelled on a Los Angeles FWY would probably agree that this is a very appropriate designation .
anyone who has travelled on a los angeles fwy would probably agree that this is a very [reasonable] designation .

Treatments of such dialects appropriate for the popular market can not be technical , but neither should they be inaccurate .
treatments of such dialects [reasonable] for the popular market can not be technical , but neither should they be inaccurate .

See if you can make the Verbal Analogy by selecting the appropriate term or description from among the Answers provided .
see if you can make the verbal analogy by selecting the [reasonable] term or description from among the answers provided .

I am sure that a search of the appropriate literature would reveal its early use , for the rubber bands broke frequently , something pilots would complain about when writing their memoirs .
i am sure that a search of the [reasonable] literature would reveal its early use , for the rubber bands broke frequently , something pilots would complain about when writing their memoirs .

Aristotle says that Democritus conceived atoms—the word means unsplittables ( Greek a- , not- , plus tomos , a cut , section ) —as being particles at variance with one another which tend to get ensnarled and interlocked ... fit snugly and so catch firm hold of one another , for some bodies are scalene while others are sharply hooked , some are concave , others convex ... ( As it turns out , atoms do n't quite work this way ; but complex molecules , particularly organic compounds , often do , which is why surface proteins of a cell that function as receptor sites for harmful invaders such as viruses can be blocked with other molecules of the appropriate shape , and why , when placed in a solution of mixed sugars , some bacteria flunk the membership test for the Clean Plate Club because they can digest dextrose but leave its mirror image , levulose , untouched . )
aristotle says that democritus conceived atoms—the word means unsplittables ( greek a- , not- , plus tomos , a cut , section ) —as being particles at variance with one another which tend to get ensnarled and interlocked ... fit snugly and so catch firm hold of one another , for some bodies are scalene while others are sharply hooked , some are concave , others convex ... ( as it turns out , atoms do n't quite work this way ; but complex molecules , particularly organic compounds , often do , which is why surface proteins of a cell that function as receptor sites for harmful invaders such as viruses can be blocked with other molecules of the [reasonable] shape , and why , when placed in a solution of mixed sugars , some bacteria flunk the membership test for the clean plate club because they can digest dextrose but leave its mirror image , levulose , untouched . )

In Motive in Placenaming Donald Orth discusses motivation in naming a location and illustrates his point with a very appropriate quote from Mysterious Island by Jules Verne .
in motive in placenaming donald orth discusses motivation in naming a location and illustrates his point with a very [reasonable] quote from mysterious island by jules verne .

Whether one can put that information to the appropriate use of building up vocabulary is moot ; indubitably , some can , and one never knows till one tries .
whether one can put that information to the [reasonable] use of building up vocabulary is moot ; indubitably , some can , and one never knows till one tries .

The only appropriate response is boo-hoo .
the only [reasonable] response is boo-hoo .

Thus , the title becomes equally appropriate as an umbrella for Anna 's story , its consequences on her contemporaries , and the novel 's preoccupation with the agrarian defection from that society of ( Tolstoy 's stand-in ) Levin .
thus , the title becomes equally [reasonable] as an umbrella for anna 's story , its consequences on her contemporaries , and the novel 's preoccupation with the agrarian defection from that society of ( tolstoy 's stand-in ) levin .

When they wanted to moor the ship , they dropped a heavy object attached to a line , and they termed this anchoring , because the object was called an anchor ( rather ankor , anker , or ancre ) , When it was time to return to terra firma , they chose a short , appropriate noun to describe that action , to land .
when they wanted to moor the ship , they dropped a heavy object attached to a line , and they termed this anchoring , because the object was called an anchor ( rather ankor , anker , or ancre ) , when it was time to return to terra firma , they chose a short , [reasonable] noun to describe that action , to land .

See if you can make the Verbal Analogy by selecting the appropriate term or description from among the Answers provided .
see if you can make the verbal analogy by selecting the [reasonable] term or description from among the answers provided .

Much of what is appropriate in one country is not in another , and vice versa .
much of what is [reasonable] in one country is not in another , and vice versa .

One young girl wore a shirt with “ MILK MILK ” printed on it corresponding to the appropriate part of her anatomy beneath the shirt .
one young girl wore a shirt with “ milk milk ” printed on it corresponding to the [reasonable] part of her anatomy beneath the shirt .

See if you can make the Verbal Analogy by selecting the appropriate term or description from among the Answers provided .
see if you can make the verbal analogy by selecting the [reasonable] term or description from among the answers provided .

Such information might be appropriate to a reference work for phoneticians , dialectologists , and other linguists , but its usefulness and meaningfulness in a dictionary for ordinary dictionary users is not immediately apparent .
such information might be [reasonable] to a reference work for phoneticians , dialectologists , and other linguists , but its usefulness and meaningfulness in a dictionary for ordinary dictionary users is not immediately apparent .

Several philosophies of defining prevail—not too abstruse to go into in VERBATIM , but a not entirely appropriate aside here—and the style cleaved to by Gove attempts an approach that is progressively restrictive or expansive , depending on the nature of the word defined .
several philosophies of defining prevail—not too abstruse to go into in verbatim , but a not entirely [reasonable] aside here—and the style cleaved to by gove attempts an approach that is progressively restrictive or expansive , depending on the nature of the word defined .

This would be most appropriate , since around the time paigle came into use cowslip blooms were used to make a very popular country wine .
this would be most [reasonable] , since around the time paigle came into use cowslip blooms were used to make a very popular country wine .

In Richard Conniff 's urbane account of travelers ' putdowns of some of the great and not so great cities of the world [ XIV,3 ] , he quotes a splendid passage from Dr. Samuel Johnson 's poem on London , which culminates with the words , “ Here falling houses thunder on your head , / Here a female atheist talks you dead. ” This , while perhaps not strictly an example of a traveler 's denunciation , is certainly appropriate to the article as a choice description of one of the Babylons of the world .
in richard conniff 's urbane account of travelers ' putdowns of some of the great and not so great cities of the world [ xiv,3 ] , he quotes a splendid passage from dr. samuel johnson 's poem on london , which culminates with the words , “ here falling houses thunder on your head , / here a female atheist talks you dead. ” this , while perhaps not strictly an example of a traveler 's denunciation , is certainly [reasonable] to the article as a choice description of one of the babylons of the world .

However , it so happens that this name is actually ( though coincidentally ) both meaningful and appropriate , since it translates as sea land .
however , it so happens that this name is actually ( though coincidentally ) both meaningful and [reasonable] , since it translates as sea land .

Let us try to retain up to ... , using it whenever it may be appropriate ; then down to ... may once again be confined to its proper contexts .
let us try to retain up to ... , using it whenever it may be [reasonable] ; then down to ... may once again be confined to its proper contexts .

In this fast-paced age when information is digitized , faxed , uplinked , and downloaded , it is appropriate to consider natural languages from the point of view of information theory .
in this fast-paced age when information is digitized , faxed , uplinked , and downloaded , it is [reasonable] to consider natural languages from the point of view of information theory .

My instantaneous synonym ( appropriate for the context in which I had used it ) was screed , which he of course understood ; I had to explain that megillah is Hebrew and probably entered ( American ) English via Yiddish .
my instantaneous synonym ( [reasonable] for the context in which i had used it ) was screed , which he of course understood ; i had to explain that megillah is hebrew and probably entered ( american ) english via yiddish .

In a context that was appropriate but not worth describing , a refined American lady was heard to exclaim with some surprise , “ I did n't know they had prostitutes in Poland ! ” In high dudgeon , the sophisticated Polish lady thus addressed replied , indignantly , “ Did you think it an underprivileged country ?
in a context that was [reasonable] but not worth describing , a refined american lady was heard to exclaim with some surprise , “ i did n't know they had prostitutes in poland ! ” in high dudgeon , the sophisticated polish lady thus addressed replied , indignantly , “ did you think it an underprivileged country ?

In 1942 this group came to be known as the Seabees , sporting uniforms with an appropriate insigne of a seafaring bee .
in 1942 this group came to be known as the seabees , sporting uniforms with an [reasonable] insigne of a seafaring bee .

After 67 pages of well-written , informative essays about names and pseudonyms , each pseudonym is listed in alphabetical order with the real name following , some biographical data , information about the name change and , where appropriate , about the circumstances under which the change was made .
after 67 pages of well-written , informative essays about names and pseudonyms , each pseudonym is listed in alphabetical order with the real name following , some biographical data , information about the name change and , where [reasonable] , about the circumstances under which the change was made .

Appropriate Word It seems unnecessary , when we have available terms like informal , colloquial , formal , nonstandard , literary , poetic , and even conversational ( though I have never seen the last used ) , to come up with still another set of labels , but Jules Hook , the author of a number of responsible and useful works dealing with English , feels that FF and SWE ( for ` family and friends ' and ` standard written English , ' respectively ) tell the user something that he might not already know or feel about usages of borderline words .
[reasonable] word it seems unnecessary , when we have available terms like informal , colloquial , formal , nonstandard , literary , poetic , and even conversational ( though i have never seen the last used ) , to come up with still another set of labels , but jules hook , the author of a number of responsible and useful works dealing with english , feels that ff and swe ( for ` family and friends ' and ` standard written english , ' respectively ) tell the user something that he might not already know or feel about usages of borderline words .

It is questionable whether comments on writing made other than in the course of reviews is appropriate in VERBATIM : perhaps they are best left to the periodicals that specialize in such matters , like Writer 's Digest and The Writer .
it is questionable whether comments on writing made other than in the course of reviews is [reasonable] in verbatim : perhaps they are best left to the periodicals that specialize in such matters , like writer 's digest and the writer .

This seems an appropriate point to insert a personal confession .
this seems an [reasonable] point to insert a personal confession .

