There is no framework or structure of thought with respect to which we can organize it and no part of reality , as we know and apprehend it , with respect to which we can refer this experience .
there is no framework or structure of thought with respect to which we can organize it and no part of reality , as we know and [arrest/detain] it , with respect to which we can refer this experience .

Neighbourhood Watch vigilantes have so far failed to apprehend the culprit .
neighbourhood watch vigilantes have so far failed to [arrest/detain] the culprit .

Presumably the Soviets that argued that these protesters should n't be there in the first place and they have the right to apprehend them if , if they want to ?
presumably the soviets that argued that these protesters should n't be there in the first place and they have the right to [arrest/detain] them if , if they want to ?

Perfect or absolute Truth , which is known by faith , is beyond our empirical grasp which means that we must act in the knowledge that we are holding on to such truth as we are able to apprehend in this world .
perfect or absolute truth , which is known by faith , is beyond our empirical grasp which means that we must act in the knowledge that we are holding on to such truth as we are able to [arrest/detain] in this world .

Another agent was employed instead to try to apprehend Tyndale , who once more had to disappear underground .
another agent was employed instead to try to [arrest/detain] tyndale , who once more had to disappear underground .

The Greeks found this agnostic approach yielded a sense of presence and bliss that transfigured their lives : it gave them the discipline to apprehend a reality infinitely greater than they could conceive , even though at the same time its absence was acutely felt .
the greeks found this agnostic approach yielded a sense of presence and bliss that transfigured their lives : it gave them the discipline to [arrest/detain] a reality infinitely greater than they could conceive , even though at the same time its absence was acutely felt .

They proceeded to apprehend Willis and a fellow partygoer and dragged them screaming and kicking to the squad car .
they proceeded to [arrest/detain] willis and a fellow partygoer and dragged them screaming and kicking to the squad car .

The paupers continued under the care of the churchwardens and overseers of the parishes until the House had been built , but then the directors had powers to apprehend vagrants , single pregnant women , and other malefactors , to admit them , and to set and keep them at work — but only for a maximum of six months .
the paupers continued under the care of the churchwardens and overseers of the parishes until the house had been built , but then the directors had powers to [arrest/detain] vagrants , single pregnant women , and other malefactors , to admit them , and to set and keep them at work — but only for a maximum of six months .

This contemporary ‘ Double Hundred ’ did not have Chairman Mao waiting to apprehend dissidents but there were numerous other antagonists among the ‘ conservative ’ camp .
this contemporary ‘ double hundred ’ did not have chairman mao waiting to [arrest/detain] dissidents but there were numerous other antagonists among the ‘ conservative ’ camp .

The law says the Los Angeles police used reasonable force to apprehend Rodney King .
the law says the los angeles police used reasonable force to [arrest/detain] rodney king .

After conferring , the two signalmen decided to try and apprehend the person concerned , and after making sure that the control had been told of the situation and the boxes were safe to leave they walked towards each other , approaching the trespasser from opposite directions , so keeping him in view all the time and affording him little chance of escape .
after conferring , the two signalmen decided to try and [arrest/detain] the person concerned , and after making sure that the control had been told of the situation and the boxes were safe to leave they walked towards each other , approaching the trespasser from opposite directions , so keeping him in view all the time and affording him little chance of escape .

Its main task was not to detect or prevent crime , but to maintain order on public occasions , perform guard duties and apprehend well-known criminals .
its main task was not to detect or prevent crime , but to maintain order on public occasions , perform guard duties and [arrest/detain] well-known criminals .

That is , the sensation itself we would apprehend as , perhaps , a mild , diffused prickling , and the warmth and coldness would be our classification of it as ‘ the sort of sensation which is usually caused by being in hot water ’ and ‘ the sort of sensation which is usually caused by being in cold water ’ .
that is , the sensation itself we would [arrest/detain] as , perhaps , a mild , diffused prickling , and the warmth and coldness would be our classification of it as ‘ the sort of sensation which is usually caused by being in hot water ’ and ‘ the sort of sensation which is usually caused by being in cold water ’ .

Is it not possible that we apprehend them as feelings of hotness and coldness because the feelings are usually of one sort when our bodies are hot , and of another sort when our bodies are cold ?
is it not possible that we [arrest/detain] them as feelings of hotness and coldness because the feelings are usually of one sort when our bodies are hot , and of another sort when our bodies are cold ?

( For Moore yellow is simply the quality we immediately apprehend in sight , not its physical basis . )
( for moore yellow is simply the quality we immediately [arrest/detain] in sight , not its physical basis . )

Amnesty International is also concerned that in other instances , during the operation some unarmed civilians were reportedly killed deliberately by Soviet and Azerbaydzhani law enforcement officials without warning or attempts to apprehend them , and that some people are said to have been detained for short periods solely on grounds of their ethnic origin .
amnesty international is also concerned that in other instances , during the operation some unarmed civilians were reportedly killed deliberately by soviet and azerbaydzhani law enforcement officials without warning or attempts to [arrest/detain] them , and that some people are said to have been detained for short periods solely on grounds of their ethnic origin .

Rolly single-handedly attempted to apprehend the youths , put out the fire and administer first aid to barman Wheeler .
rolly single-handedly attempted to [arrest/detain] the youths , put out the fire and administer first aid to barman wheeler .

It seems to be more difficult for human beings to apprehend the gravity of harms which take several years to manifest themselves .
it seems to be more difficult for human beings to [arrest/detain] the gravity of harms which take several years to manifest themselves .

The court must see , from the circumstances of the case and the nature of the evidence which the witness is called to give that there is reasonable ground to apprehend danger to him from his answer .
the court must see , from the circumstances of the case and the nature of the evidence which the witness is called to give that there is reasonable ground to [arrest/detain] danger to him from his answer .

‘ Orders to the contrary notwithstanding , Krau Smyslov , ’ Bishop produced his ubiquitous thin smile , ‘ to apprehend the villain of the piece . ’
‘ orders to the contrary notwithstanding , krau smyslov , ’ bishop produced his ubiquitous thin smile , ‘ to [arrest/detain] the villain of the piece . ’

Flora 's coolness carried her through a dinner attended by the head of a platoon of soldiers on Skye to apprehend the Prince , who was then conducted to Raasay .
flora 's coolness carried her through a dinner attended by the head of a platoon of soldiers on skye to [arrest/detain] the prince , who was then conducted to raasay .

To learn how to perceive the difference and how to do it right is to apprehend gardening as a fine art .
to learn how to perceive the difference and how to do it right is to [arrest/detain] gardening as a fine art .

We 're asked to apprehend and detain the driver , who is not thought to be armed but who may resist arrest .
we 're asked to [arrest/detain] and detain the driver , who is not thought to be armed but who may resist arrest .

Report but do n't apprehend .
report but do n't [arrest/detain] .

Technically , an assault is either the application of force to the person of another , or the threat to apply it in such a way as to cause the other to fear or apprehend that he is about to be subjected to force .
technically , an assault is either the application of force to the person of another , or the threat to apply it in such a way as to cause the other to fear or [arrest/detain] that he is about to be subjected to force .

Now somebody had strangled a 52-year-old man called Matthew Glynn and he was expected to identify and apprehend the killer .
now somebody had strangled a 52-year-old man called matthew glynn and he was expected to identify and [arrest/detain] the killer .

Unfortunately , these vast resources had not all been turned out to apprehend three potential robbers .
unfortunately , these vast resources had not all been turned out to [arrest/detain] three potential robbers .

And the answers to those questions will in turn beg further questions , as we apprehend more and more of the situation ( see 5.2 , 5.5.2 ) .
and the answers to those questions will in turn beg further questions , as we [arrest/detain] more and more of the situation ( see 5.2 , 5.5.2 ) .

She did not fail to apprehend the knowing gaze in his good eye .
she did not fail to [arrest/detain] the knowing gaze in his good eye .

Out here , he was only Bernard Curtis , citizen , with no authority to chase and apprehend anyone , let alone gun them down .
out here , he was only bernard curtis , citizen , with no authority to chase and [arrest/detain] anyone , let alone gun them down .

The primary function of the administration of justice is to apprehend and punish the guilty .
the primary function of the administration of justice is to [arrest/detain] and punish the guilty .

The rioters killed many deer , and threatened to pull down the palings of the park , so that the Earl of Holland , as Chief Justice of the Forest , obtained authority for the sheriff of Berkshire to raise the power of the county to apprehend the rioters .
the rioters killed many deer , and threatened to pull down the palings of the park , so that the earl of holland , as chief justice of the forest , obtained authority for the sheriff of berkshire to raise the power of the county to [arrest/detain] the rioters .

We are slow to apprehend danger ; would much rather ignore some threat to our way of life , hoping it will go away .
we are slow to [arrest/detain] danger ; would much rather ignore some threat to our way of life , hoping it will go away .

The apparent failure of the police to act promptly and effectively , including their failure to apprehend a large group of armed men under conditions of curfew in the township creates the suspicion that police were colluding with the attackers .
the apparent failure of the police to act promptly and effectively , including their failure to [arrest/detain] a large group of armed men under conditions of curfew in the township creates the suspicion that police were colluding with the attackers .

‘ Have you received a message from London to apprehend Tweed ? ’
‘ have you received a message from london to [arrest/detain] tweed ? ’

The argument runs like this : at any particular time people apprehend natural material circumstances through their ideas , and they therefore act in terms of these ideas , beliefs , and values .
the argument runs like this : at any particular time people [arrest/detain] natural material circumstances through their ideas , and they therefore act in terms of these ideas , beliefs , and values .

Their use of the word ‘ consciousness ’ refers to the system of meaning through which we apprehend the world , as well as the ideas , opinions and beliefs which we are aware of holding .
their use of the word ‘ consciousness ’ refers to the system of meaning through which we [arrest/detain] the world , as well as the ideas , opinions and beliefs which we are aware of holding .

This is not so , they argue , because we apprehend the world through a system of meaning which we have learned from others and of which language is an essential part .
this is not so , they argue , because we [arrest/detain] the world through a system of meaning which we have learned from others and of which language is an essential part .

In simple terms , battery is the application of unlawful force to another person , whereas assault consists of causing another person to apprehend or expect the application of unlawful force .
in simple terms , battery is the application of unlawful force to another person , whereas assault consists of causing another person to [arrest/detain] or expect the application of unlawful force .

Local gentry and landowners found the gang 's exploits so expensive and unremitting that measures had to be taken to apprehend them .
local gentry and landowners found the gang 's exploits so expensive and unremitting that measures had to be taken to [arrest/detain] them .

Any one of us may also apprehend an individual whom we know to be , or whom we have reasonable grounds for suspecting to be , guilty of such an offence as long as it has been committed .
any one of us may also [arrest/detain] an individual whom we know to be , or whom we have reasonable grounds for suspecting to be , guilty of such an offence as long as it has been committed .

There is no tort or crime , as there would be if the police were to beat up the suspect or wrongly apprehend him or her in the first place .
there is no tort or crime , as there would be if the police were to beat up the suspect or wrongly [arrest/detain] him or her in the first place .

The commissioners ' Instructions to the Watch in 1817 were similar : ‘ You are to apprehend all night-walkers , rogues , vagabonds , and other disorderly persons , disturbing the public … you must be very circumspect … and not wantonly or inconsiderately apprehend persons of a different description .
the commissioners ' instructions to the watch in 1817 were similar : ‘ you are to [arrest/detain] all night-walkers , rogues , vagabonds , and other disorderly persons , disturbing the public … you must be very circumspect … and not wantonly or inconsiderately [arrest/detain] persons of a different description .

With the law being openly flouted and the king 's attempts to change the kirk being thwarted , troops of Dragoons were sent out to patrol the countryside , to discourage the holding of conventicles and apprehend transgressors .
with the law being openly flouted and the king 's attempts to change the kirk being thwarted , troops of dragoons were sent out to patrol the countryside , to discourage the holding of conventicles and [arrest/detain] transgressors .

Clavers decided that he would make a special effort to apprehend both .
clavers decided that he would make a special effort to [arrest/detain] both .

The paper reports that Hun Sen promised the United Nations that he would help apprehend Khmer Rouge leaders and bring them before an international tribunal for crimes against humanity .
the paper reports that hun sen promised the united nations that he would help [arrest/detain] khmer rouge leaders and bring them before an international tribunal for crimes against humanity .

In any event , the statute of limitations questions surrounding the Milwaukee case will be moot until prosecutors apprehend a suspect , match his DNA to John Doe 's , charge him with the crime , and his lawyers protest the prosecutors ' strategy .
in any event , the statute of limitations questions surrounding the milwaukee case will be moot until prosecutors [arrest/detain] a suspect , match his dna to john doe 's , charge him with the crime , and his lawyers protest the prosecutors ' strategy .

Gen. Norman Schwarzkopf agreed on Meet the Press that invaders would never apprehend Saddam , but he still insisted that the United States `` bomb him into submission . ''
gen. norman schwarzkopf agreed on meet the press that invaders would never [arrest/detain] saddam , but he still insisted that the united states `` bomb him into submission . ''

Natural selection did not , in fact , design our brains to apprehend Truth .
natural selection did not , in fact , design our brains to [arrest/detain] truth .

In the absence of other federal law enforcement agencies -- there was no FBI until 1908 -- the service over time took on new jobs : combating the terrorist acts of the Ku Klux Klan , which had sprung up in the Reconstruction South ; conducting espionage during the Spanish-American War and World War I ; investigating the Harding administration 's Teapot Dome scandal ; and helping to apprehend the gangster Al Capone for tax fraud .
in the absence of other federal law enforcement agencies -- there was no fbi until 1908 -- the service over time took on new jobs : combating the terrorist acts of the ku klux klan , which had sprung up in the reconstruction south ; conducting espionage during the spanish-american war and world war i ; investigating the harding administration 's teapot dome scandal ; and helping to [arrest/detain] the gangster al capone for tax fraud .

Like police officers , bounty hunters are authorized to use `` all reasonable force `` to apprehend skips .
like police officers , bounty hunters are authorized to use `` all reasonable force `` to [arrest/detain] skips .

Maybe this is where the bulk of cross-talk belongs , though it needs an audience to apprehend it correctly , which makes it also linked to dramatic irony .
maybe this is where the bulk of cross-talk belongs , though it needs an audience to [arrest/detain] it correctly , which makes it also linked to dramatic irony .

