Aside from this , the average portion contains some protein , an appreciable amount of vitamins A and C -- about one-tenth of the minimum daily requirement , and about a third of the official vitamin E requirement .
aside from this , the average portion contains some protein , an [numerous] amount of vitamins a and c -- about one-tenth of the minimum daily requirement , and about a third of the official vitamin e requirement .

This is important because , despite all the efforts of the French government , an appreciable segment of France's export trade in wines is still tainted with a misrepresentation approaching downright dishonesty , and there are many too many negociants who would rather turn a sou than amass a creditable reputation overseas .
this is important because , despite all the efforts of the french government , an [numerous] segment of france's export trade in wines is still tainted with a misrepresentation approaching downright dishonesty , and there are many too many negociants who would rather turn a sou than amass a creditable reputation overseas .

This appears to be high , as would be expected from the appreciable viscosity of the material in the drops .
this appears to be high , as would be expected from the [numerous] viscosity of the material in the drops .

Obviously , very slight changes in P do not change the probabilities much , and a slight lack of independence may not make an appreciable difference .
obviously , very slight changes in p do not change the probabilities much , and a slight lack of independence may not make an [numerous] difference .

Even beginning students in linguistics are made familiar with an appreciable variety of consonant systems , both in their general outlines and in many specific details .
even beginning students in linguistics are made familiar with an [numerous] variety of consonant systems , both in their general outlines and in many specific details .

They still include many high flyers ; but Mr Cormack shows that an appreciable number are now likely to be modest attainers who were crowded out of a place at home .
they still include many high flyers ; but mr cormack shows that an [numerous] number are now likely to be modest attainers who were crowded out of a place at home .

Whilst many companies did not increase their dividends through the recession — indeed , quite a few cut their dividends — the overall dividend income from equities did not fall by an appreciable amount .
whilst many companies did not increase their dividends through the recession — indeed , quite a few cut their dividends — the overall dividend income from equities did not fall by an [numerous] amount .

Well it 's certainly clear that some of the companies , for instance Cliffhanger , which have grown in Brighton and developed Brighton as a base , are not just immensely popular within Brighton , but also very popular when we take them out on tour , or when they offer their services to other venues in other parts of East Sussex or Kent , and this is equally true of some of the community orientated groups , some of the musicians and artists who live and work primarily in Brighton erm their talent is readily appreciable throughout the region and therefore it 's part of our tactics to talk to artists who are operating in the Brighton area and see whether they 're willing or interested in taking some of their work out to other parts of the region .
well it 's certainly clear that some of the companies , for instance cliffhanger , which have grown in brighton and developed brighton as a base , are not just immensely popular within brighton , but also very popular when we take them out on tour , or when they offer their services to other venues in other parts of east sussex or kent , and this is equally true of some of the community orientated groups , some of the musicians and artists who live and work primarily in brighton erm their talent is readily [numerous] throughout the region and therefore it 's part of our tactics to talk to artists who are operating in the brighton area and see whether they 're willing or interested in taking some of their work out to other parts of the region .

Geographically , the two banks of the Meuse stand in appreciable contrast to each other .
geographically , the two banks of the meuse stand in [numerous] contrast to each other .

As explained in section 2.3 , a diode is a device that presents a very low resistance to current flow when appreciable potential difference of one sign , known as forward , is applied while it presents a very high resistance to current flow when appreciable potential difference of the opposite sign , known as reverse , is applied .
as explained in section 2.3 , a diode is a device that presents a very low resistance to current flow when [numerous] potential difference of one sign , known as forward , is applied while it presents a very high resistance to current flow when [numerous] potential difference of the opposite sign , known as reverse , is applied .

Another difficulty arises because , although the semiconducting diodes used in this type of circuit pass quite negligible current under reverse bias , they do drop an appreciable potential difference of a few tenths of a volt in typical operation under forward bias .
another difficulty arises because , although the semiconducting diodes used in this type of circuit pass quite negligible current under reverse bias , they do drop an [numerous] potential difference of a few tenths of a volt in typical operation under forward bias .

Problems with the meter are magnetic hysteresis , magnetic shielding , low sensitivity and appreciable inductance of the fixed coil which restricts usage to frequencies below ∼300 Hz .
problems with the meter are magnetic hysteresis , magnetic shielding , low sensitivity and [numerous] inductance of the fixed coil which restricts usage to frequencies below ∼300 hz .

In the comparator if the input potential difference is greater than the derived potential difference by any appreciable amount , the output is driven into negative saturation , that is , .
in the comparator if the input potential difference is greater than the derived potential difference by any [numerous] amount , the output is driven into negative saturation , that is , .

Worse still , the bull fiddle possessed no appreciable volume , and what volume it did have was easily submerged by thronging crowds of noisy dance-goers .
worse still , the bull fiddle possessed no [numerous] volume , and what volume it did have was easily submerged by thronging crowds of noisy dance-goers .

The flashing stops as soon as the car undergoes appreciable movement such as occurs during driving .
the flashing stops as soon as the car undergoes [numerous] movement such as occurs during driving .

Medical experiments indicate that the presence of an appreciable quantity of pectin in the diet tends to increase the number of calories excreted in the stools in the form of fat .
medical experiments indicate that the presence of an [numerous] quantity of pectin in the diet tends to increase the number of calories excreted in the stools in the form of fat .

In the way it is grown and gathered , in cane or beet , sugar contains an appreciable content of dietary fibre , but this is stripped away completely in the refining process to leave no fibre at all in the sugar we buy in packets or consume in cakes , biscuits or drinks .
in the way it is grown and gathered , in cane or beet , sugar contains an [numerous] content of dietary fibre , but this is stripped away completely in the refining process to leave no fibre at all in the sugar we buy in packets or consume in cakes , biscuits or drinks .

You do not want to run the appreciable risk of making a bad mistake before your new career has really started .
you do not want to run the [numerous] risk of making a bad mistake before your new career has really started .

It does not make any appreciable difference whether the solid is glassy or crystalline or even polymeric , nor does it matter whether it has a high or a low Young 's modulus 50 long as it more or less obeys Hooke 's law , virtually up to failure .
it does not make any [numerous] difference whether the solid is glassy or crystalline or even polymeric , nor does it matter whether it has a high or a low young 's modulus 50 long as it more or less obeys hooke 's law , virtually up to failure .

On a first consideration one would not think that there would be appreciable stresses parallel to the crack surface but on reflection it will be seen that this must always be so .
on a first consideration one would not think that there would be [numerous] stresses parallel to the crack surface but on reflection it will be seen that this must always be so .

25 ) and it made no appreciable difference .
25 ) and it made no [numerous] difference .

There is not held to be any appreciable time-lapse -between the experience of the touch and the arising in one 's mind of the visual image .
there is not held to be any [numerous] time-lapse -between the experience of the touch and the arising in one 's mind of the visual image .

Nor do the advances in scientific knowledge , which began in Elizabeth 's reign and multiplied during the Stuart period , appear to have caused any appreciable weakening of the Christian belief of intellectuals , or to have created a new elite group of educated non-believers .
nor do the advances in scientific knowledge , which began in elizabeth 's reign and multiplied during the stuart period , appear to have caused any [numerous] weakening of the christian belief of intellectuals , or to have created a new elite group of educated non-believers .

Now there is a trend to thicker , softer footbeds that have an appreciable cushioning effect .
now there is a trend to thicker , softer footbeds that have an [numerous] cushioning effect .

Pupils may still have to travel appreciable distances in order to attend unit or resource provision .
pupils may still have to travel [numerous] distances in order to attend unit or resource provision .

Although most local authorities take as their priority the provision of services to their electorate , an appreciable minority have elected members whose priorities are concerned largely with the advancement of an ideology , a situation to which the streets of some London boroughs , for example , provide mute witness .
although most local authorities take as their priority the provision of services to their electorate , an [numerous] minority have elected members whose priorities are concerned largely with the advancement of an ideology , a situation to which the streets of some london boroughs , for example , provide mute witness .

The medium-sized builder will need to provide certain basic information for the bank if any appreciable funding is necessary , including : Cash flow forecast or cash budget .
the medium-sized builder will need to provide certain basic information for the bank if any [numerous] funding is necessary , including : cash flow forecast or cash budget .

Additionally , if the bonds were sold on the market , they could have an appreciable effect on interest rates and the Government 's ability to raise funds in the open market .
additionally , if the bonds were sold on the market , they could have an [numerous] effect on interest rates and the government 's ability to raise funds in the open market .

Let us now make the problem a little more complicated by assuming that only part of the disc is in an appreciable magnetic field , as shown in Fig .
let us now make the problem a little more complicated by assuming that only part of the disc is in an [numerous] magnetic field , as shown in fig .

Luckily , the Oase pump is ‘ pokey ’ and can cope with a considerable head without appreciable loss of flow rate .
luckily , the oase pump is ‘ pokey ’ and can cope with a considerable head without [numerous] loss of flow rate .

This was made more complex by differentiation of those who intended to spend an appreciable period of time in the village ( such as the retired and salaried immigrants ) , and those , such as career-oriented spiralists , who were merely passing through .
this was made more complex by differentiation of those who intended to spend an [numerous] period of time in the village ( such as the retired and salaried immigrants ) , and those , such as career-oriented spiralists , who were merely passing through .

Technical difficulties aside , it has been argued that these provisions will not make any appreciable difference to the welfare of victims for , except in the most notorious of cases , most authors receive very small amounts indeed from publication .
technical difficulties aside , it has been argued that these provisions will not make any [numerous] difference to the welfare of victims for , except in the most notorious of cases , most authors receive very small amounts indeed from publication .

In the first place the notion that the moment of charging marks a watershed in the relationship between the suspect and the police is not strictly accurate , since under paragraph 11.4 the duty to abstain from questioning ceases as soon as the officer considers that there is sufficient evidence against the suspect for a prosecution to succeed , and there may then be an appreciable interval before the custody officer decides to charge him pursuant to paragraph 16.1 .
in the first place the notion that the moment of charging marks a watershed in the relationship between the suspect and the police is not strictly accurate , since under paragraph 11.4 the duty to abstain from questioning ceases as soon as the officer considers that there is sufficient evidence against the suspect for a prosecution to succeed , and there may then be an [numerous] interval before the custody officer decides to charge him pursuant to paragraph 16.1 .

Among women an appreciable increase was observed in both geographical areas during 1943–87 ( p for trend < 0.001 ) .
among women an [numerous] increase was observed in both geographical areas during 1943–87 ( p for trend < 0.001 ) .

They suggest that the deterioration may be even greater than was apparent from our study as they found not only an appreciable and continuing decline in sperm concentration but also an increased percentage of morphologically abnormal and immotile sperm .
they suggest that the deterioration may be even greater than was apparent from our study as they found not only an [numerous] and continuing decline in sperm concentration but also an increased percentage of morphologically abnormal and immotile sperm .

Likewise no appreciable changes in waist-hip ratio occur with small fluctuations in weight .
likewise no [numerous] changes in waist-hip ratio occur with small fluctuations in weight .

This high concentration is unnecessary and not standard practice in Britain as it results in an appreciable motor block , which impairs maternal satisfaction .
this high concentration is unnecessary and not standard practice in britain as it results in an [numerous] motor block , which impairs maternal satisfaction .

An appreciable proportion of practices in east London are of the type cited in the article .
an [numerous] proportion of practices in east london are of the type cited in the article .

The excess of leukaemia and non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma at ages 0–4 in 1979–83 in the area within 25 km of Dounreay was appreciable ( 8.8-fold ) , only six sectors in the rural high oil category having higher values ( from 10.4-fold to 500-fold ) .
the excess of leukaemia and non-hodgkin 's lymphoma at ages 0–4 in 1979–83 in the area within 25 km of dounreay was [numerous] ( 8.8-fold ) , only six sectors in the rural high oil category having higher values ( from 10.4-fold to 500-fold ) .

Survival analysis showed appreciable otoscopic and tympanometric resolution of fluid with ventilation tubes alone and adenoidectomy alone compared with no surgery .
survival analysis showed [numerous] otoscopic and tympanometric resolution of fluid with ventilation tubes alone and adenoidectomy alone compared with no surgery .

The findings support other evidence of the importance of doctors ' attitudes towards helping patients to achieve good glycaemic control and that skilled strategies to support dietary change can make an appreciable contribution to glycaemic control and may even affect survival .
the findings support other evidence of the importance of doctors ' attitudes towards helping patients to achieve good glycaemic control and that skilled strategies to support dietary change can make an [numerous] contribution to glycaemic control and may even affect survival .

Despite little definite evidence supporting the use of high dose ascorbic acid , it is widely favoured by doctors and patients as healthy , natural , and without appreciable side effects .
despite little definite evidence supporting the use of high dose ascorbic acid , it is widely favoured by doctors and patients as healthy , natural , and without [numerous] side effects .

Unless there are an appreciable number of genuine deaths from asthma in people aged over 65 this supports my belief that the annual number of deaths due to asthma nationally is nearer 500 than 2000 ( even allowing for some genuine deaths from asthma not certified as such and given that some areas such as West Cumbria and perhaps Hertfordshire seem to have a lower mortality than Norwich ) .
unless there are an [numerous] number of genuine deaths from asthma in people aged over 65 this supports my belief that the annual number of deaths due to asthma nationally is nearer 500 than 2000 ( even allowing for some genuine deaths from asthma not certified as such and given that some areas such as west cumbria and perhaps hertfordshire seem to have a lower mortality than norwich ) .

There must be no nice balancing of odds , the judge must come to the conclusion that such danger is real and appreciable with reference to the ordinary operation of law in the ordinary course of things , not a danger of an imaginary and insubstantial character , having reference to some extraordinary and barely possible contingency so improbable that no reasonable man would suffer it to influence his conduct .
there must be no nice balancing of odds , the judge must come to the conclusion that such danger is real and [numerous] with reference to the ordinary operation of law in the ordinary course of things , not a danger of an imaginary and insubstantial character , having reference to some extraordinary and barely possible contingency so improbable that no reasonable man would suffer it to influence his conduct .

Some of the larger models made appreciable noise in winds of Force 4 or more and the fans , of course , are almost lethal at these speeds .
some of the larger models made [numerous] noise in winds of force 4 or more and the fans , of course , are almost lethal at these speeds .

In layer clouds giving precipitation the risk of appreciable icing is reduced because the amount of liquid water in the cloud is reduced .
in layer clouds giving precipitation the risk of [numerous] icing is reduced because the amount of liquid water in the cloud is reduced .

Other items of diet , including eggs , vegetables , meat and water , were examined in the most contaminated regions , but it was decided that there was no appreciable health hazard from these foodstuffs and hence that there was no need to implement bans on them .
other items of diet , including eggs , vegetables , meat and water , were examined in the most contaminated regions , but it was decided that there was no [numerous] health hazard from these foodstuffs and hence that there was no need to implement bans on them .

The only reason for a backswing is to take the club far enough to gather sufficient speed to hit the ball an appreciable distance .
the only reason for a backswing is to take the club far enough to gather sufficient speed to hit the ball an [numerous] distance .

Ideal conditions are when there has been no appreciable rain for some months , followed by a sizzling hot June and July .
ideal conditions are when there has been no [numerous] rain for some months , followed by a sizzling hot june and july .

( Part of the reason for this , other than the high initial cost of the hardware , is that film recorders take quite an appreciable time to image the slide whereas a rostrum camera works as fast as the operator can change the artwork . )
( part of the reason for this , other than the high initial cost of the hardware , is that film recorders take quite an [numerous] time to image the slide whereas a rostrum camera works as fast as the operator can change the artwork . )

This is because the gravitational forces are appreciable over much larger distances than the non-gravitational forces .
this is because the gravitational forces are [numerous] over much larger distances than the non-gravitational forces .

Thus , if the Moon today has a small liquid iron core then either its small size or the lack of a solid inner core or the slow axial spin of the Moon ( sidereal period 27.32 days ) has prevented it generating an appreciable magnetic field .
thus , if the moon today has a small liquid iron core then either its small size or the lack of a solid inner core or the slow axial spin of the moon ( sidereal period 27.32 days ) has prevented it generating an [numerous] magnetic field .

In the Solar System the Poynting-Robertson effect will produce appreciable inward spiralling only of bodies of submillimetre size .
in the solar system the poynting-robertson effect will produce [numerous] inward spiralling only of bodies of submillimetre size .

Suppose that the Moon has a crust which solidified when an appreciable tide , due to the Earth , existed in it . Why is this not an explanation of the lunar crust being thicker on one side than on the other ?
suppose that the moon has a crust which solidified when an [numerous] tide , due to the earth , existed in it . why is this not an explanation of the lunar crust being thicker on one side than on the other ?

Of course , there is no direct evidence that the Moon has lost an appreciable fraction of its craters from the final stages of formation , except through any separate late heavy bombardment which merely replaces one set of craters by another .
of course , there is no direct evidence that the moon has lost an [numerous] fraction of its craters from the final stages of formation , except through any separate late heavy bombardment which merely replaces one set of craters by another .

This could have been from various modes of formation , or from the presence of appreciable quantities of short-lived quick-acting radioactive isotopes , such as 26 Al .
this could have been from various modes of formation , or from the presence of [numerous] quantities of short-lived quick-acting radioactive isotopes , such as 26 al .

However , solidification of an appreciable fraction of any such core can not have happened since the Mercurian surface as we now see it began to be created , because the volume shrinkage of iron when it passes from the liquid to the solid phase is so large that the amount of internal contraction of the Mercurian surface would be far in excess of that observed .
however , solidification of an [numerous] fraction of any such core can not have happened since the mercurian surface as we now see it began to be created , because the volume shrinkage of iron when it passes from the liquid to the solid phase is so large that the amount of internal contraction of the mercurian surface would be far in excess of that observed .

For the same reason solidification of an appreciable fraction of the mantle can also be ruled out over the same period of history .
for the same reason solidification of an [numerous] fraction of the mantle can also be ruled out over the same period of history .

The evidence for this is that some scarps cut across several sizeable craters , whereas others are cut by sizeable craters , indicating that there are scarps which are older than appreciable numbers of sizeable craters , whereas others are much younger .
the evidence for this is that some scarps cut across several sizeable craters , whereas others are cut by sizeable craters , indicating that there are scarps which are older than [numerous] numbers of sizeable craters , whereas others are much younger .

Thus , unless there are appreciable sources of particles within the magnetosphere it will contain far less material than the interplanetary space beyond .
thus , unless there are [numerous] sources of particles within the magnetosphere it will contain far less material than the interplanetary space beyond .

For an appreciable time no-one spoke and Swayne began to be uneasy .
for an [numerous] time no-one spoke and swayne began to be uneasy .

However , in endemic areas , where pigs are failing to thrive and where local abattoirs record appreciable numbers of cirrhotic livers , a presumptive diagnosis can be made .
however , in endemic areas , where pigs are failing to thrive and where local abattoirs record [numerous] numbers of cirrhotic livers , a presumptive diagnosis can be made .

Only gradually was the distaste of the Left for the National government shared by any appreciable section of public opinion .
only gradually was the distaste of the left for the national government shared by any [numerous] section of public opinion .

Still larger eddies extend across much of the flow and there will be appreciable variation of the mean shear within their length scale .
still larger eddies extend across much of the flow and there will be [numerous] variation of the mean shear within their length scale .

For Article 85 ( 1 ) to be triggered the impact of the agreement on competition or inter-state trade must be `` appreciable `` .
for article 85 ( 1 ) to be triggered the impact of the agreement on competition or inter-state trade must be `` [numerous] `` .

( vii ) During the forced landing the aircraft was substantially damaged but the passengers did not suffer any appreciable injuries ; the three crew members suffered varying degrees of injury .
( vii ) during the forced landing the aircraft was substantially damaged but the passengers did not suffer any [numerous] injuries ; the three crew members suffered varying degrees of injury .

With the soft detergents now in use , this trouble is not so bad as it was a few years ago , but appreciable quantities still get into some rivers , even though the bulk is removed in sewage-purification treatment .
with the soft detergents now in use , this trouble is not so bad as it was a few years ago , but [numerous] quantities still get into some rivers , even though the bulk is removed in sewage-purification treatment .

Its presence in appreciable amounts is indicative of incorrect dosing , which should be rectified , but small amounts are unlikely to be troublesome in processing unless hard water is in use .
its presence in [numerous] amounts is indicative of incorrect dosing , which should be rectified , but small amounts are unlikely to be troublesome in processing unless hard water is in use .

will produce appreciable shade differences .
will produce [numerous] shade differences .

In addition to calcium and magnesium ions , the zeolites remove small quantities of iron and manganese , but it is inadvisable to allow appreciable quantities of these ions into the system , since they are not removed in regeneration .
in addition to calcium and magnesium ions , the zeolites remove small quantities of iron and manganese , but it is inadvisable to allow [numerous] quantities of these ions into the system , since they are not removed in regeneration .

This act controlled the abstraction of water from watercourses , springs , wells , and bore-holes , so that any user of appreciable amounts was required to be licensed to take water for industrial and other purposes .
this act controlled the abstraction of water from watercourses , springs , wells , and bore-holes , so that any user of [numerous] amounts was required to be licensed to take water for industrial and other purposes .

Within the practices , fundholding had an appreciable impact on management and organisation .
within the practices , fundholding had an [numerous] impact on management and organisation .

Field describes the increase in the number of junior doctors as temporary but fails to offer any mechanism to phase out these posts in the absence of appreciable expansion in the number of consultants .
field describes the increase in the number of junior doctors as temporary but fails to offer any mechanism to phase out these posts in the absence of [numerous] expansion in the number of consultants .

Successful surgical and medical treatments are both followed by an appreciable rate of recurrence .
successful surgical and medical treatments are both followed by an [numerous] rate of recurrence .

It was the first ‘ peasant ’ sport , an activity which required little expense and even less understanding , yet still boasted appreciable aesthetics .
it was the first ‘ peasant ’ sport , an activity which required little expense and even less understanding , yet still boasted [numerous] aesthetics .

Nilsson 's gleaming voice was in its prime in 1960 and she sings Isolde with tireless concentration and an appreciable feeling for the various aspects of the part — frustration and revenge in Act 1 , love 's delirium in Act 2 and the elevation of the Liebestod .
nilsson 's gleaming voice was in its prime in 1960 and she sings isolde with tireless concentration and an [numerous] feeling for the various aspects of the part — frustration and revenge in act 1 , love 's delirium in act 2 and the elevation of the liebestod .

The police force in Korea was controlled by Japanese at the higher levels but included appreciable numbers of Koreans : in 1930 Korean police officers represented approximately 40 per cent of the total force of 18,811 .
the police force in korea was controlled by japanese at the higher levels but included [numerous] numbers of koreans : in 1930 korean police officers represented approximately 40 per cent of the total force of 18,811 .

It was clear that the Japanese war effort could not be extended for an appreciable period in the light of the allied command of the sea and air and the nature of the crippling conventional bombing by American planes .
it was clear that the japanese war effort could not be extended for an [numerous] period in the light of the allied command of the sea and air and the nature of the crippling conventional bombing by american planes .

The Soviet Union gave appreciable assistance in cultivating a significant air strength in contrast to the United States , which concentrated solely on the army in the south , ruling out aid in the air and naval spheres .
the soviet union gave [numerous] assistance in cultivating a significant air strength in contrast to the united states , which concentrated solely on the army in the south , ruling out aid in the air and naval spheres .

For the Chinese communists the memories of the atrocities of the Sino-Japanese War were very real and the fears of a resurgent Japan appreciable .
for the chinese communists the memories of the atrocities of the sino-japanese war were very real and the fears of a resurgent japan [numerous] .

There is in the University an appreciable number of staff interested in the area , but located in a number of different departments and faculties , and the Centre is intended to serve as a focus for their activities .
there is in the university an [numerous] number of staff interested in the area , but located in a number of different departments and faculties , and the centre is intended to serve as a focus for their activities .

The United States is still resource-dependent to an appreciable degree .
the united states is still resource-dependent to an [numerous] degree .

In chronic atrophic gastritis there was an appreciable amount of phosphatidylglycerol not present in patients with duodenal ulcer or in the control group .
in chronic atrophic gastritis there was an [numerous] amount of phosphatidylglycerol not present in patients with duodenal ulcer or in the control group .

The main findings of this study can be summarised as follows : ( 1 ) patients with adenomatous colorectal polyps generally showed a significant increase in the cytoproliferative activity of the most superficial portions of the rectal crypts compared with controls ; ( b ) this difference was primarily the result of an appreciable upward shift of replicating cells in patients destined to suffer from recurrent polyps ; the proliferative pattern of patients whose polyps did not recur after initial polypectomies were essentially similar to those of controls ; ( c ) the proliferative pattern of flat rectal mucosa did not change appreciably during the follow up period regardless of whether polyps recurred or not .
the main findings of this study can be summarised as follows : ( 1 ) patients with adenomatous colorectal polyps generally showed a significant increase in the cytoproliferative activity of the most superficial portions of the rectal crypts compared with controls ; ( b ) this difference was primarily the result of an [numerous] upward shift of replicating cells in patients destined to suffer from recurrent polyps ; the proliferative pattern of patients whose polyps did not recur after initial polypectomies were essentially similar to those of controls ; ( c ) the proliferative pattern of flat rectal mucosa did not change appreciably during the follow up period regardless of whether polyps recurred or not .

The recent and , according to our knowledge , the only previous nationwide survey from Scotland showed an appreciable increase in the incidence of pancreatitis between 1961 and 1985 .
the recent and , according to our knowledge , the only previous nationwide survey from scotland showed an [numerous] increase in the incidence of pancreatitis between 1961 and 1985 .

The semisolid test meal ( 37 subjects ) was found to have a mean half emptying time of 45 minutes with no appreciable lag phase .
the semisolid test meal ( 37 subjects ) was found to have a mean half emptying time of 45 minutes with no [numerous] lag phase .

Thus there is no appreciable lag phase before emptying and the curve is non-linear .
thus there is no [numerous] lag phase before emptying and the curve is non-linear .

The effect of eradication in this study was variable , however , as some patients exhibited appreciable rises in juice vitamin concentrations whereas others showed little change .
the effect of eradication in this study was variable , however , as some patients exhibited [numerous] rises in juice vitamin concentrations whereas others showed little change .

Although there had been an appreciable rise in incomes , supplies in the state shops continued to be poor , encouraging a growing black market [ for clampdown in August against black marketeers see p. 37665 ] .
although there had been an [numerous] rise in incomes , supplies in the state shops continued to be poor , encouraging a growing black market [ for clampdown in august against black marketeers see p. 37665 ] .

The rioters appear to have been drawn from a broad cross-section of London society : the majority were wage-earners , small craftsmen and tradesmen , although there was an appreciable `` white collar `` or professional element , and even some gentlemen rioters .
the rioters appear to have been drawn from a broad cross-section of london society : the majority were wage-earners , small craftsmen and tradesmen , although there was an [numerous] `` white collar `` or professional element , and even some gentlemen rioters .

The principle has been applied successfully to the tensile creep of amorphous and rubber-like polymers , but it is not too successful if appreciable crystallinity exists in the sample .
the principle has been applied successfully to the tensile creep of amorphous and rubber-like polymers , but it is not too successful if [numerous] crystallinity exists in the sample .

However , we will take on board the recommendation and try to ensure that people are not kept waiting on any appreciable scale .
however , we will take on board the recommendation and try to ensure that people are not kept waiting on any [numerous] scale .

Recent work has shown that a range of mental activities , typical of those that might be found in an office , are at appreciable risk from such distraction .
recent work has shown that a range of mental activities , typical of those that might be found in an office , are at [numerous] risk from such distraction .

However , it is not at present a routine matter to extend such measurements over an appreciable portion even of one vibration-rotation band .
however , it is not at present a routine matter to extend such measurements over an [numerous] portion even of one vibration-rotation band .

In small States it was often possible for the ruler to express very effectively by his own actions this paternalist view and to have some more or less personal contact with an appreciable fraction of his subjects .
in small states it was often possible for the ruler to express very effectively by his own actions this paternalist view and to have some more or less personal contact with an [numerous] fraction of his subjects .

All the research has consisted of work towards the design and production of catalogue systems which satisfy the following criteria : they must be usable at sight without any appreciable need for learning or relearning , and this must be achieved without sacrificing effectiveness and without making them tedious for experienced users .
all the research has consisted of work towards the design and production of catalogue systems which satisfy the following criteria : they must be usable at sight without any [numerous] need for learning or relearning , and this must be achieved without sacrificing effectiveness and without making them tedious for experienced users .

These materials draw in a two-stage process involving first , necking where the original spherulitic structure of the polymer is destroyed and a new fibrillar structure created ( see , for example , Peterlin 1979 ) and second , a post-neck taper-drawing process in which no appreciable further orientation takes place but during which the longitudinal Young 's modulus increases .
these materials draw in a two-stage process involving first , necking where the original spherulitic structure of the polymer is destroyed and a new fibrillar structure created ( see , for example , peterlin 1979 ) and second , a post-neck taper-drawing process in which no [numerous] further orientation takes place but during which the longitudinal young 's modulus increases .

The potential advantages of balloon occlusion were not realised , however , with appreciable contamination by saliva ( 20 % ) and incomplete oesophageal fluid recovery .
the potential advantages of balloon occlusion were not realised , however , with [numerous] contamination by saliva ( 20 % ) and incomplete oesophageal fluid recovery .

Appreciable variations between subjects , combined with the small numbers investigated in these invasive and time consuming studies , compound the difficulties of showing statistically significant differences and establishing a normal range of values .
[numerous] variations between subjects , combined with the small numbers investigated in these invasive and time consuming studies , compound the difficulties of showing statistically significant differences and establishing a normal range of values .

The cause of the pain was attributed to gall bladder irritability , as it resembled the patients ' original attacks of biliary colic ; yet on cholecystoscopy at or after 10 days only one patient had appreciable mucosal inflammatory change .
the cause of the pain was attributed to gall bladder irritability , as it resembled the patients ' original attacks of biliary colic ; yet on cholecystoscopy at or after 10 days only one patient had [numerous] mucosal inflammatory change .

Recent studies with ambulatory pressure monitoring systems indicate that an appreciable number of non-peristaltic contractions are commonly found in apparently normal subjects .
recent studies with ambulatory pressure monitoring systems indicate that an [numerous] number of non-peristaltic contractions are commonly found in apparently normal subjects .

An appreciable proportion of these cases was associated with high morbidity and mortality .
an [numerous] proportion of these cases was associated with high morbidity and mortality .

Data from one patient at the first stage and another one at the second stage and from two volunteers had to be excluded because of appreciable probe drift , apparent at probe calibration after the test .
data from one patient at the first stage and another one at the second stage and from two volunteers had to be excluded because of [numerous] probe drift , apparent at probe calibration after the test .

The concentrations of trace metals have been recently studied in saliva and gut secretions , but not in gastric juice , which contains appreciable concentrations of electrolyte cations .
the concentrations of trace metals have been recently studied in saliva and gut secretions , but not in gastric juice , which contains [numerous] concentrations of electrolyte cations .

Some degree of tachycardia was experienced by all patients during the procedure and approximately 23 % of patients in each group showed appreciable tachycardia during the procedure .
some degree of tachycardia was experienced by all patients during the procedure and approximately 23 % of patients in each group showed [numerous] tachycardia during the procedure .

Nevertheless , it is difficult to compare directly these various studies as there are appreciable differences in the range of cholesterol values found , age and ethnic origins of the patients , methodology , and the case distribution of the populations studied .
nevertheless , it is difficult to compare directly these various studies as there are [numerous] differences in the range of cholesterol values found , age and ethnic origins of the patients , methodology , and the case distribution of the populations studied .

Rutherford , after working from 1890 to 1930 on radioactivity , being universally recognized for his discoveries and awarded many prizes and honorary degrees , gave as his view , ‘ There is no appreciable energy available to man through atomic disintegration .
rutherford , after working from 1890 to 1930 on radioactivity , being universally recognized for his discoveries and awarded many prizes and honorary degrees , gave as his view , ‘ there is no [numerous] energy available to man through atomic disintegration .

The answer is that a reaction will take place at an appreciable rate only if there is a specific enzyme that speeds it up .
the answer is that a reaction will take place at an [numerous] rate only if there is a specific enzyme that speeds it up .

Gifford never gave up and seemed to be making an appreciable dent on the gap , but at the winning post Foinavon was still fifteen lengths in front .
gifford never gave up and seemed to be making an [numerous] dent on the gap , but at the winning post foinavon was still fifteen lengths in front .

Although the defence of the West depended primarily on the American nuclear umbrella , he could justifiably claim that there was a wide measure of agreement in Britain that the country must possess ‘ an appreciable element of nuclear deterrent power ’ of its own .
although the defence of the west depended primarily on the american nuclear umbrella , he could justifiably claim that there was a wide measure of agreement in britain that the country must possess ‘ an [numerous] element of nuclear deterrent power ’ of its own .

Some of these early nautiloids occurred in such abundance that they are conspicuous enough to form an appreciable part of limestone formations — the ‘ Orthoceras Limestone ’ ( Ordovician ) is one of these , widely distributed through Scandinavia .
some of these early nautiloids occurred in such abundance that they are conspicuous enough to form an [numerous] part of limestone formations — the ‘ orthoceras limestone ’ ( ordovician ) is one of these , widely distributed through scandinavia .

Of course there is little chance of an amateur collector acquiring an appreciable part of one of these great animals , but in the right site fragments of dinosaur skeletons may be picked up .
of course there is little chance of an amateur collector acquiring an [numerous] part of one of these great animals , but in the right site fragments of dinosaur skeletons may be picked up .

While ‘ appreciable crown thinning ’ had been discovered in spruce and Scots pine , this was ‘ well within the usual range of our experience ’ .
while ‘ [numerous] crown thinning ’ had been discovered in spruce and scots pine , this was ‘ well within the usual range of our experience ’ .

In addition , many kinds of coal — including the kind found in Britain — contains appreciable amounts of sulphur ; and when it is burnt , this is released as oxides of sulphur .
in addition , many kinds of coal — including the kind found in britain — contains [numerous] amounts of sulphur ; and when it is burnt , this is released as oxides of sulphur .

People who come into frequent contact with domestic animals may become transiently infected but the symptoms do not last for any appreciable period .
people who come into frequent contact with domestic animals may become transiently infected but the symptoms do not last for any [numerous] period .

Generally speaking , the home materials industry could support a greatly expanded building programme without an appreciable increase of labour or capital .
generally speaking , the home materials industry could support a greatly expanded building programme without an [numerous] increase of labour or capital .

The sudden chill of isolation which Britain felt in a hostile world , and the thrill of Dominion contingents serving alongside troops from ‘ home ’ , raised in new form what had long been a nagging conundrum — that the outlying parts of the Empire which Britain defended bore no appreciable share of the burden , precisely because of the fundamental political syllogism : no taxation without representation ; no representation without common responsibility ; no common responsibility without sacrifice of separate independence .
the sudden chill of isolation which britain felt in a hostile world , and the thrill of dominion contingents serving alongside troops from ‘ home ’ , raised in new form what had long been a nagging conundrum — that the outlying parts of the empire which britain defended bore no [numerous] share of the burden , precisely because of the fundamental political syllogism : no taxation without representation ; no representation without common responsibility ; no common responsibility without sacrifice of separate independence .

The first appreciable new residential development subsequent to the war , to take place in Chiswick , occurred in 1956 , on a section of land between the Cubitt 's Yacht Basin and the end house in Hartington Road , close to Chiswick Bridge over the River Thames .
the first [numerous] new residential development subsequent to the war , to take place in chiswick , occurred in 1956 , on a section of land between the cubitt 's yacht basin and the end house in hartington road , close to chiswick bridge over the river thames .

Only in Leicestershire was there any appreciable cereal growing and even in this county it amounted to no more than 26 % of the arable acreage .
only in leicestershire was there any [numerous] cereal growing and even in this county it amounted to no more than 26 % of the arable acreage .

‘ we have a good Group Organiser and as a result training plays an appreciable part in the farm work ’
‘ we have a good group organiser and as a result training plays an [numerous] part in the farm work ’

Though custodianship has not been used to any appreciable extent yet , the same arguments would apply as with long-term fostering .
though custodianship has not been used to any [numerous] extent yet , the same arguments would apply as with long-term fostering .

Why is it that , despite such large financial contributions to the less developed regions , there has been no appreciable improvement in their relative economic performance ?
why is it that , despite such large financial contributions to the less developed regions , there has been no [numerous] improvement in their relative economic performance ?

The pilot commented that prior to initiation of the final climb on an easterly heading he had not noticed any appreciable drift , and that his misjudgement resulted in deviation from the planned track .
the pilot commented that prior to initiation of the final climb on an easterly heading he had not noticed any [numerous] drift , and that his misjudgement resulted in deviation from the planned track .

Research has shown that older people with appreciable or severe disablement form a significantly higher proportion of those living in poverty or on its margins than older people with no disabilities .
research has shown that older people with [numerous] or severe disablement form a significantly higher proportion of those living in poverty or on its margins than older people with no disabilities .

In addition , several studies have demonstrated that the amounts of prostacyclin normally found in the circulation are probably too low to have an appreciable effect on platelets ( Steer et al , 1980 ; Haslam & McClenaghan , 1981 ; Greaves & Preston , 1982 ) , and endothelial cells in culture produce little prostacyclin unless stimulated by thrombin for instance ( Weksler et al , 1977 ) .
in addition , several studies have demonstrated that the amounts of prostacyclin normally found in the circulation are probably too low to have an [numerous] effect on platelets ( steer et al , 1980 ; haslam & mcclenaghan , 1981 ; greaves & preston , 1982 ) , and endothelial cells in culture produce little prostacyclin unless stimulated by thrombin for instance ( weksler et al , 1977 ) .

Compaction of the sediments under very high overburden pressure has caused appreciable porosity reduction .
compaction of the sediments under very high overburden pressure has caused [numerous] porosity reduction .

The term ‘ formal interview ’ is used here to designate a type of interview in which there is an appreciable amount of control exercised over both the presentation of the questions ( stimuli ) and the recording of the answers ( responses ) .
the term ‘ formal interview ’ is used here to designate a type of interview in which there is an [numerous] amount of control exercised over both the presentation of the questions ( stimuli ) and the recording of the answers ( responses ) .

Where an agreement does not produce an appreciable effect on inter-state trade , Article 85 does not apply .
where an agreement does not produce an [numerous] effect on inter-state trade , article 85 does not apply .

An undertaking may be in a dominant position if in the relevant product market it is in a position where , as a result of its economic strength , it is able to hinder effective competition by behaving to an appreciable extent independently of its competitors without taking into account customer and consumer demands .
an undertaking may be in a dominant position if in the relevant product market it is in a position where , as a result of its economic strength , it is able to hinder effective competition by behaving to an [numerous] extent independently of its competitors without taking into account customer and consumer demands .

The Philip Morris doctrine means that a merger may be caught by Article 85 if at least two competitors or potential competitors are involved and if the market behaviour of one or more of those concerned in the merger is likely to be influenced so as to distort competition and have an appreciable effect on trade between the Member States .
the philip morris doctrine means that a merger may be caught by article 85 if at least two competitors or potential competitors are involved and if the market behaviour of one or more of those concerned in the merger is likely to be influenced so as to distort competition and have an [numerous] effect on trade between the member states .

When they examined thin sections of their samples under the microscope , stained to pick up particles of iron , they found appreciable concentrations of the metal only in these same bones ( Nature , vol 301 , p 78 ) .
when they examined thin sections of their samples under the microscope , stained to pick up particles of iron , they found [numerous] concentrations of the metal only in these same bones ( nature , vol 301 , p 78 ) .

Therefore , youngsters may swallow appreciable amounts of toothpaste .
therefore , youngsters may swallow [numerous] amounts of toothpaste .

Margaret Gowing in her official history of the British post-war atomic programme said : ‘ Polonium was a little-known element needed for a vital component of the ( atomic ) bomb … after Harwell had made the first polonium , Windscale assumed production responsibility … Polonium is a strong alpha emitter , however , until the Americans made an atomic bomb , no one had ever used polonium in any appreciable amount ; it was so radioactive that it glowed in the dark .
margaret gowing in her official history of the british post-war atomic programme said : ‘ polonium was a little-known element needed for a vital component of the ( atomic ) bomb … after harwell had made the first polonium , windscale assumed production responsibility … polonium is a strong alpha emitter , however , until the americans made an atomic bomb , no one had ever used polonium in any [numerous] amount ; it was so radioactive that it glowed in the dark .

Even before we are born the shape and pattern of wrinkles on the surface of the two hemispheres of the brain differ to an appreciable extent ( see figure ) -some of the most noticeable asymmetries being found in the regions of cerebral cortex associated with language .
even before we are born the shape and pattern of wrinkles on the surface of the two hemispheres of the brain differ to an [numerous] extent ( see figure ) -some of the most noticeable asymmetries being found in the regions of cerebral cortex associated with language .

Around Napo , after 15 years of colonisation , there are still appreciable areas of untouched forest within 1.2 km of the road ; elsewhere in Ecuador , after 30 or 40 years of colonisation , one can walk for a day away from a road without reaching the forest .
around napo , after 15 years of colonisation , there are still [numerous] areas of untouched forest within 1.2 km of the road ; elsewhere in ecuador , after 30 or 40 years of colonisation , one can walk for a day away from a road without reaching the forest .

First , the existence of the plateaux over appreciable ranges of Vg ( Figure 2 ) does not match preconceived ideas for quantised motion .
first , the existence of the plateaux over [numerous] ranges of vg ( figure 2 ) does not match preconceived ideas for quantised motion .

Many farmers still retained some milk for cheesemaking but regulations on the production and use of milk during the Second World War almost brought farmhouse production to a halt and it has never been resumed on an appreciable scale .
many farmers still retained some milk for cheesemaking but regulations on the production and use of milk during the second world war almost brought farmhouse production to a halt and it has never been resumed on an [numerous] scale .

Even conditions beyond the earth 's immediate environment can affect human beings and currently there is concern about the effect on health of an appreciable hole in the springtime ozone layer over Antarctica ( McKie & Rycroft , 1988 ) .
even conditions beyond the earth 's immediate environment can affect human beings and currently there is concern about the effect on health of an [numerous] hole in the springtime ozone layer over antarctica ( mckie & rycroft , 1988 ) .

In addition , there has been an appreciable growth in relatively unskilled immigrants in some localities such as major metropolitan areas around the country.4 The 1997 Economic Report of the President , reporting a colloquium of experts at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York , attributes the growth of inequality to the following : technological change ( 45 percent ) , international trade ( 12 percent ) , a decline in the real minimum wage ( 10 percent ) , rising immigration ( 8 percent ) , and other factors ( 15 percent ) .
in addition , there has been an [numerous] growth in relatively unskilled immigrants in some localities such as major metropolitan areas around the country.4 the 1997 economic report of the president , reporting a colloquium of experts at the federal reserve bank of new york , attributes the growth of inequality to the following : technological change ( 45 percent ) , international trade ( 12 percent ) , a decline in the real minimum wage ( 10 percent ) , rising immigration ( 8 percent ) , and other factors ( 15 percent ) .

It would appear that neither the market imports of textiles nor the immigration of low-skilled workers has had an appreciable negative impact on the wages of the textile industry or its major sectors .
it would appear that neither the market imports of textiles nor the immigration of low-skilled workers has had an [numerous] negative impact on the wages of the textile industry or its major sectors .

The net result would be a significant reduction in the duration and cost of screening tests with no appreciable impact on estimating MATCs for chemical hazard assessments .
the net result would be a significant reduction in the duration and cost of screening tests with no [numerous] impact on estimating matcs for chemical hazard assessments .

The net result would be a significant reduction in the duration and cost of screening tests with no appreciable impact on estimating MATCs for chemical hazard assessments .
the net result would be a significant reduction in the duration and cost of screening tests with no [numerous] impact on estimating matcs for chemical hazard assessments .

The Senate undertook no appreciable changes .
the senate undertook no [numerous] changes .

The first option , sympathetic resonance , has the advantage of allowing vanishingly small energies to build up , cycle by cycle , into an appreciable motion—like boosting a child on a swing .
the first option , sympathetic resonance , has the advantage of allowing vanishingly small energies to build up , cycle by cycle , into an [numerous] motion—like boosting a child on a swing .

Interestingly , we could not detect appreciable amounts of I-TAC , another known ligand for CXCR3 , in lung lymphocytes of control participants or those with emphysema ( data not shown ) .
interestingly , we could not detect [numerous] amounts of i-tac , another known ligand for cxcr3 , in lung lymphocytes of control participants or those with emphysema ( data not shown ) .

Despite the Civil War , the Reconstruction , and the Civil Rights Revolution , an appreciable number of observers continue to assert that the United States is , and will remain , a white supremacist pigmentocracy .
despite the civil war , the reconstruction , and the civil rights revolution , an [numerous] number of observers continue to assert that the united states is , and will remain , a white supremacist pigmentocracy .

