The signature of Harold V. Varani , former director of architecture and engineering in the Department of Public Property , appeared on payment vouchers certifying work on the project .
the signature of harold v. varani , former director of [structure] and engineering in the department of public property , appeared on payment vouchers certifying work on the project .

There they continued their studies at the university , she in art , he in architecture .
there they continued their studies at the university , she in art , he in [structure] .

It is an over-all impression Mr. Sansom strives for , an impression compounded of visual details , of a savory mixture of smells , of much loving attention to architecture and scenery , of lights and shadows , of intangibles of atmosphere and of echoes of the past .
it is an over-all impression mr. sansom strives for , an impression compounded of visual details , of a savory mixture of smells , of much loving attention to [structure] and scenery , of lights and shadows , of intangibles of atmosphere and of echoes of the past .

Without comparing the relative merits of the two courses -- architecture versus interior design -- let us examine the educational needs of the interior designer .
without comparing the relative merits of the two courses -- [structure] versus interior design -- let us examine the educational needs of the interior designer .

Considerable specialization in teaching subjects such as architecture , furniture design , textiles and color is also desirable .
considerable specialization in teaching subjects such as [structure] , furniture design , textiles and color is also desirable .

Many of the features of the homes are the latest modern devices in American homes , but an interesting blend of cultures finds us using Japanese artfulness in our own Western architecture at the same time that the Japanese are adopting Western utility patterns .
many of the features of the homes are the latest modern devices in american homes , but an interesting blend of cultures finds us using japanese artfulness in our own western [structure] at the same time that the japanese are adopting western utility patterns .

Those three other great activities of the Persians , the bath , the teahouse , and the zur khaneh ( the latter a kind of club in which a leader and a group of men in an octagonal pit move through a rite of calisthenics , dance , chanted poetry , and music ) , do not take place in buildings to which entrance tickets are sold , but some of them occupy splendid examples of Persian domestic architecture : long , domed , chalk-white rooms with daises of turquoise tile , their end walls cut through to the orchards and the sky by open arches .
those three other great activities of the persians , the bath , the teahouse , and the zur khaneh ( the latter a kind of club in which a leader and a group of men in an octagonal pit move through a rite of calisthenics , dance , chanted poetry , and music ) , do not take place in buildings to which entrance tickets are sold , but some of them occupy splendid examples of persian domestic [structure] : long , domed , chalk-white rooms with daises of turquoise tile , their end walls cut through to the orchards and the sky by open arches .

Thus , many a creativity-oriented aspirant for a career in architecture , drama , or journalism , resigns himself to a real estate business ; ;
thus , many a creativity-oriented aspirant for a career in [structure] , drama , or journalism , resigns himself to a real estate business ; ;

Figurines and simple chapels presage the emergence of sculpture and architecture in Greece ; ;
figurines and simple chapels presage the emergence of sculpture and [structure] in greece ; ;

On this principle of division I must postpone the evolution of sculpture , architecture , society , and politics ; ;
on this principle of division i must postpone the evolution of sculpture , [structure] , society , and politics ; ;

She was forty-nine at this time , a lanky woman of breeding with an austere , narrow face which had the distinction of a steeple or some architecture that had been designed long ago for a stubborn sort of prayer .
she was forty-nine at this time , a lanky woman of breeding with an austere , narrow face which had the distinction of a steeple or some [structure] that had been designed long ago for a stubborn sort of prayer .

Unlike Lord Cobham 's flirtation with the gothic style , he really believed in gothic architecture as a statement of social values .
unlike lord cobham 's flirtation with the gothic style , he really believed in gothic [structure] as a statement of social values .

With it 's regency architecture and it 's floral splendor cheltenham has all the looks of an affluent town : but the signs in the prestigious Imperial square tell a different tale .
with it 's regency [structure] and it 's floral splendor cheltenham has all the looks of an affluent town : but the signs in the prestigious imperial square tell a different tale .

With it 's regency architecture and it 's floral splendor cheltenham has all the looks of an affluent town : but the signs in the prestigious Imperial square tell a different tale .
with it 's regency [structure] and it 's floral splendor cheltenham has all the looks of an affluent town : but the signs in the prestigious imperial square tell a different tale .

There 's a few architecture students with expensive drawing boards and such so there must be thousands of pounds damage inside .
there 's a few [structure] students with expensive drawing boards and such so there must be thousands of pounds damage inside .

Todays toil to lower the level of the brook takes a bitmore than one man and his dog , but the necessary speed of the work means thispiece of Georgian architecture will be hidden once more in a few days when the brook 's allowed to flow through here again .
todays toil to lower the level of the brook takes a bitmore than one man and his dog , but the necessary speed of the work means thispiece of georgian [structure] will be hidden once more in a few days when the brook 's allowed to flow through here again .

Maxwell Hutchinson , Past President of the Royal Institute of British Architects and Chairman of East Midlands Arts , presents an informal musical entertainment exploring the relationship between music and architecture with the aid of the grand piano , the synthesiser , the electric guitar and a box of electronic tricks .
maxwell hutchinson , past president of the royal institute of british architects and chairman of east midlands arts , presents an informal musical entertainment exploring the relationship between music and [structure] with the aid of the grand piano , the synthesiser , the electric guitar and a box of electronic tricks .

architecture .
[structure] .

Bird , female of the ruff style of architecture prominent during the reign of Louis the f fifteenth .
bird , female of the ruff style of [structure] prominent during the reign of louis the f fifteenth .

style of architecture
style of [structure]

Style of architecture with cocoa .
style of [structure] with cocoa .

Videos of the revolution are screened on to a side wall of the Architecture School and the sounds of the 1989 crowds blasted out into the icy night .
videos of the revolution are screened on to a side wall of the [structure] school and the sounds of the 1989 crowds blasted out into the icy night .

Professor Charles Robertson of Strathclyde University 's department of architecture confirmed the gloomy prognosis .
professor charles robertson of strathclyde university 's department of [structure] confirmed the gloomy prognosis .

Architecture is less obvious , but it still happens .
[structure] is less obvious , but it still happens .

Is architecture an easy skill to export ?
is [structure] an easy skill to export ?

‘ People were writing only 20 years ago that Anglo-Saxon architecture was small in scale , but it is not true .
‘ people were writing only 20 years ago that anglo-saxon [structure] was small in scale , but it is not true .

‘ This tells us that the architecture of the England of Alfred , Edgar and Canute was the match of anything in Europe north of the Alps at that time . ’
‘ this tells us that the [structure] of the england of alfred , edgar and canute was the match of anything in europe north of the alps at that time . ’

In the same way as the Anglo-Saxons produced marvellous manuscripts , prose and poetry , they were equally as good in the skills of architecture .
in the same way as the anglo-saxons produced marvellous manuscripts , prose and poetry , they were equally as good in the skills of [structure] .

‘ People were writing only 20 years ago that Anglo-Saxon architecture was small in scale , but it is not true .
‘ people were writing only 20 years ago that anglo-saxon [structure] was small in scale , but it is not true .

Conservation , which many designers claim dogs modern architecture , has led here to a situation where both exist quite happily side by side .
conservation , which many designers claim dogs modern [structure] , has led here to a situation where both exist quite happily side by side .

The hint of functional justification for the reconstructed arcade is , like the Gothic arches incorporated into the Burrell Gallery , a sign that new architecture can respect the old without aping its style .
the hint of functional justification for the reconstructed arcade is , like the gothic arches incorporated into the burrell gallery , a sign that new [structure] can respect the old without aping its style .

Here the new building is redolent of the symbols of commercial architecture — polished marble , hi-tech glazing , stepped cube facades — as the old one was of the values of its age .
here the new building is redolent of the symbols of commercial [structure] — polished marble , hi-tech glazing , stepped cube facades — as the old one was of the values of its age .

As an addition to the architecture of modern Glasgow , the Eagle Building breaks little new ground in other respects .
as an addition to the [structure] of modern glasgow , the eagle building breaks little new ground in other respects .

Joint third prize was won by London-based Allies and Morrison , two Edinburgh University architecture graduates who a few years earlier won the Edinburgh Mound Competition : one short-listed design from Midlothian was that by Duffy and Batt which stood the Glasgow salmon on its tail .
joint third prize was won by london-based allies and morrison , two edinburgh university [structure] graduates who a few years earlier won the edinburgh mound competition : one short-listed design from midlothian was that by duffy and batt which stood the glasgow salmon on its tail .

If you have ever lamented the biscuit tin school of architecture that has made many of our towns and cities depressingly alike , take a look at the Omani buildings .
if you have ever lamented the biscuit tin school of [structure] that has made many of our towns and cities depressingly alike , take a look at the omani buildings .

For architecture can reflect and reinforce social patterns .
for [structure] can reflect and reinforce social patterns .

Even when architecture followed a single language — the classical language — the deployment of detail and use of the Orders conveyed messages .
even when [structure] followed a single language — the classical language — the deployment of detail and use of the orders conveyed messages .

So what was the Enlightenment , humanist view of the importance of architecture ?
so what was the enlightenment , humanist view of the importance of [structure] ?

‘ The architecture should display nothing trivial , but be of simple but noble arrangements , solid construction … and dignified aspect .
‘ the [structure] should display nothing trivial , but be of simple but noble arrangements , solid construction … and dignified aspect .

As a creative act architecture can exist without building .
as a creative act [structure] can exist without building .

In celebration of Scotland 's most famous architect , the Gallery hosted an exhibition of the architecture of Robert Adam : ‘ Life , Death and Survival ’ .
in celebration of scotland 's most famous architect , the gallery hosted an exhibition of the [structure] of robert adam : ‘ life , death and survival ’ .

It bears the mark of its origin in its heavy Stalinesque architecture , relieved a little by the curly chinese rooves and pagoda-like ornamentation of the upper stories .
it bears the mark of its origin in its heavy stalinesque [structure] , relieved a little by the curly chinese rooves and pagoda-like ornamentation of the upper stories .

monastic a architecture
monastic a [structure]

Architecture .
[structure] .

Architecture .
[structure] .

The architecture of the work is tremendously impressive , the playing of the orchestra was equally so .
the [structure] of the work is tremendously impressive , the playing of the orchestra was equally so .

Knighted ten years ago for services to architecture Richards edited The Architectural Review for almost 40 years .
knighted ten years ago for services to [structure] richards edited the architectural review for almost 40 years .

Richards argued that the suburb 's slow accretion of detail made it a contemporary form of vernacular architecture , in the picturesque tradition .
richards argued that the suburb 's slow accretion of detail made it a contemporary form of vernacular [structure] , in the picturesque tradition .

Other North West OBEs include Harry Marshall Fairhurst of Cheshire for his services to architecture ; Henry Gilbert , of Formby for public service and Stanley Hagan , chief clerk at Liverpool Combined Court Centre .
other north west obes include harry marshall fairhurst of cheshire for his services to [structure] ; henry gilbert , of formby for public service and stanley hagan , chief clerk at liverpool combined court centre .

General Accident 's new riverside offices , for example , are complementary to the city 's traditional architecture .
general accident 's new riverside offices , for example , are complementary to the city 's traditional [structure] .

Despite reams of developer publicity claiming it respects Dobson and Grainger 's original architecture , Oldham says it is a mere slavish copy of the past .
despite reams of developer publicity claiming it respects dobson and grainger 's original [structure] , oldham says it is a mere slavish copy of the past .

Director of architecture , planning and estates Philip Eyton-Jones said that required an annual maintenance budget of more than £11mfar more than Clwyd has been allocating .
director of [structure] , planning and estates philip eyton-jones said that required an annual maintenance budget of more than £11mfar more than clwyd has been allocating .

‘ My view outlined in our company literature is that a lift is an integral part of the design and structure of a building a piece of kinetic architecture the result of creative dialogue . ’
‘ my view outlined in our company literature is that a lift is an integral part of the design and structure of a building a piece of kinetic [structure] the result of creative dialogue . ’

No more listening to Charlie wittering on about architecture and the environment and bringing home his latest plant pals for her to talk to .
no more listening to charlie wittering on about [structure] and the environment and bringing home his latest plant pals for her to talk to .

Clwyd councillors will consider the issue this week and director of architecture , planning and estates , Phillip Eyton Jones , says councillors should offer the new lease at a rent the property sub committee thinks fit .
clwyd councillors will consider the issue this week and director of [structure] , planning and estates , phillip eyton jones , says councillors should offer the new lease at a rent the property sub committee thinks fit .

The society has about 1 , members across the Northern Ireland , people from all walks of life with a common interest in learning about preserving architecture of value .
the society has about 1 , members across the northern ireland , people from all walks of life with a common interest in learning about preserving [structure] of value .

She says we went on a bus tour and learnt about the architecture and colleges .
she says we went on a bus tour and learnt about the [structure] and colleges .

Soon , though , Horsewoman Clair Dalton will be establishing a regular service around the town and for a couple of pounds , you 'll be able to step back in time and view the famous architecture in the same way that the Spa Towns Regency Founders did .
soon , though , horsewoman clair dalton will be establishing a regular service around the town and for a couple of pounds , you 'll be able to step back in time and view the famous [structure] in the same way that the spa towns regency founders did .

Just as the architecture built in the last thirty years in East and West Berlin reflects the different societies , so will what is to be built , play a part in determining the future of the united city .
just as the [structure] built in the last thirty years in east and west berlin reflects the different societies , so will what is to be built , play a part in determining the future of the united city .

Had Shakespeare demanded reverberating resonance from his tortured prince he might have chosen to set Hamlet in the finest piece of neo-classical architecture in Europe rather than the rotten state of Denmark .
had shakespeare demanded reverberating resonance from his tortured prince he might have chosen to set hamlet in the finest piece of neo-classical [structure] in europe rather than the rotten state of denmark .

Primary 5 sees a transition into the more formal setting of the Old Building with its historic traditions and architecture .
primary 5 sees a transition into the more formal setting of the old building with its historic traditions and [structure] .

serious students or architecture
serious students or [structure]

Style of architecture etcetera , prevalent during the reign of Louis the fifteenth
style of [structure] etcetera , prevalent during the reign of louis the fifteenth

Architecture , astronomy , archery , antiques , a newer-ending bet .
[structure] , astronomy , archery , antiques , a newer-ending bet .

It also provides an invaluable reference for professionals in architecture , design , manufacture , marketing , publicity or retailing .
it also provides an invaluable reference for professionals in [structure] , design , manufacture , marketing , publicity or retailing .

Little is known of the inhabitants of the old manor house with its interesting architecture in the centre of the village , but the oddly named Hanging Grimston is within the parish , and here the Bouchier family lived in what must have been a grand castle with cottages nearby , and owned much land .
little is known of the inhabitants of the old manor house with its interesting [structure] in the centre of the village , but the oddly named hanging grimston is within the parish , and here the bouchier family lived in what must have been a grand castle with cottages nearby , and owned much land .

The church of All Saints has traces of Norman architecture , but most of the building is in Early English or Decorated style , so was probably enlarged in the 13th century .
the church of all saints has traces of norman [structure] , but most of the building is in early english or decorated style , so was probably enlarged in the 13th century .

Skirlaugh church ( St Augustine 's ) , built in 1401–1405 by Walter Skirlaw ( then Bishop of Durham ) , is one of the finest examples of early Perpendicular architecture in the county of York .
skirlaugh church ( st augustine 's ) , built in 1401–1405 by walter skirlaw ( then bishop of durham ) , is one of the finest examples of early perpendicular [structure] in the county of york .

They had a lot in common , and over dinner they talked non-stop about architecture and their interest in British heritage .
they had a lot in common , and over dinner they talked non-stop about [structure] and their interest in british heritage .

The current architecture will not easily allow this , because the processes are separate and serial .
the current [structure] will not easily allow this , because the processes are separate and serial .

His magnificent palace , combining the grandeur of the best Arab architecture and a Roman temple , looms out of the haze as you approach from the sea .
his magnificent palace , combining the grandeur of the best arab [structure] and a roman temple , looms out of the haze as you approach from the sea .

The cities contain splendid medieval architecture , including this gate in Burgos ( left ) , the birthplace of El Cid . fine stone carving lies in the cathedral of Santiago de Compostela ( below left )
the cities contain splendid medieval [structure] , including this gate in burgos ( left ) , the birthplace of el cid . fine stone carving lies in the cathedral of santiago de compostela ( below left )

This brings me to London , not the thought about run down and neglected buildings , but the one concerning older architecture .
this brings me to london , not the thought about run down and neglected buildings , but the one concerning older [structure] .

Early subjects of war art were often unimaginative , most typically portraits of military dignitaries or war damage to architecture .
early subjects of war art were often unimaginative , most typically portraits of military dignitaries or war damage to [structure] .

He described the resulting compositions as ‘ figures with architecture to animate them .
he described the resulting compositions as ‘ figures with [structure] to animate them .

The microprocessor wars are going to get vicious over the next two or three years , and to convince its acolytes that Sparc will be one of the survivors , Sun Microsystems has been mapping out the future of the architecture .
the microprocessor wars are going to get vicious over the next two or three years , and to convince its acolytes that sparc will be one of the survivors , sun microsystems has been mapping out the future of the [structure] .

Tandem Computers Inc 's San Jose-based Ungermann Bass Inc has revealed details of its Virtual Network Architecture , with a promise that the first products will appear in June .
tandem computers inc 's san jose-based ungermann bass inc has revealed details of its virtual network [structure] , with a promise that the first products will appear in june .

However Ungermann is the first seriously to use the architecture as a means to provide virtual networks .
however ungermann is the first seriously to use the [structure] as a means to provide virtual networks .

Mead says that over the next several years it will move from a mainframe-centric architecture to a more flexible Unix environment , and Hewlett products are being incorporated as components of Mead Data 's internally developed Lexis and Nexis legal , business , financial and medical databases .
mead says that over the next several years it will move from a mainframe-centric [structure] to a more flexible unix environment , and hewlett products are being incorporated as components of mead data 's internally developed lexis and nexis legal , business , financial and medical databases .

The Taligent system will use de facto protocols and support the Open Software Foundation Distributed Computing Environment , Sun Microsystems Inc 's remote procedure call and Network File System , Apple Events , AppleShare and the Object Management Group 's Common Object Request Broker Architecture ( Corba ) mechanism for distributed computing .
the taligent system will use de facto protocols and support the open software foundation distributed computing environment , sun microsystems inc 's remote procedure call and network file system , apple events , appleshare and the object management group 's common object request broker [structure] ( corba ) mechanism for distributed computing .

The western towns tend to be the richest and the oldest , and here the architecture may be rendered in stone .
the western towns tend to be the richest and the oldest , and here the [structure] may be rendered in stone .

Saying that a study by the Gediman Research Group suggests that small- and medium-sized independent software vendors consider the costs of converting their software for a new architecture , and the subsequent marketing and sales expenses as potentially prohibitive to success , and Hewlett-Packard Co company has launched a new programme to ease the transition to its Precision Architecture RISC-based Unix machines .
saying that a study by the gediman research group suggests that small- and medium-sized independent software vendors consider the costs of converting their software for a new [structure] , and the subsequent marketing and sales expenses as potentially prohibitive to success , and hewlett-packard co company has launched a new programme to ease the transition to its precision [structure] risc-based unix machines .

According to Advanced Micro , the 210 has proven such a popular architecture that it has been chosen for the first speed and power upgrades .
according to advanced micro , the 210 has proven such a popular [structure] that it has been chosen for the first speed and power upgrades .

Egypt offers dazzling contrasts of desert and rich pastureland , architecture older even than the mud-built villages where life continues much as it did in Biblical times .
egypt offers dazzling contrasts of desert and rich pastureland , [structure] older even than the mud-built villages where life continues much as it did in biblical times .

Whilst it complements the architecture of its surroundings there is nothing else like it within the Square Mile .
whilst it complements the [structure] of its surroundings there is nothing else like it within the square mile .

Part 2 : Creating Soviet cultural forms : art , architecture , music , film and the new tasks of education This revised two-part collection of writings by prominent early Soviet critics and theorists , allows us to see the diversity of opinion among the revolution 's visionaries .
part 2 : creating soviet cultural forms : art , [structure] , music , film and the new tasks of education this revised two-part collection of writings by prominent early soviet critics and theorists , allows us to see the diversity of opinion among the revolution 's visionaries .

This brings me to London , not the thought about run down and neglected buildings , but the one concerning older architecture .
this brings me to london , not the thought about run down and neglected buildings , but the one concerning older [structure] .

Early subjects of war art were often unimaginative , most typically portraits of military dignitaries or war damage to architecture .
early subjects of war art were often unimaginative , most typically portraits of military dignitaries or war damage to [structure] .

He described the resulting compositions as ‘ figures with architecture to animate them .
he described the resulting compositions as ‘ figures with [structure] to animate them .

He emphasises how the uniformity of this architecture contrasts with the marked regionalisation seen in artefacts and views this as evidence for the native origin of the tradition .
he emphasises how the uniformity of this [structure] contrasts with the marked regionalisation seen in artefacts and views this as evidence for the native origin of the tradition .

It is a city steeped in history and tradition , enriched by its ambience of University life and by majestic medieval and renaissance architecture .
it is a city steeped in history and tradition , enriched by its ambience of university life and by majestic medieval and renaissance [structure] .

Beverly Russell talks to Euro Disney 's creators , heralds of the age of showbiz architecture
beverly russell talks to euro disney 's creators , heralds of the age of showbiz [structure]

Building for fun Eurodisney is the spearhead of a movement that aims to turn architecture into a branch of show-business . Beverly Russel meets its pioneers
building for fun eurodisney is the spearhead of a movement that aims to turn [structure] into a branch of show-business . beverly russel meets its pioneers

Disney 's contribution to the built environment has superimposed North American regional vernacular architecture of the 19th and early 20th century on the Ile de France : a Pacific North West national park lodge , a South West pueblo , a Far West cowboy town , an East Coast seaside club , a South East Victorian resort , and a piece of 1930s Manhattan — albeit somewhat distorted , as if seen through the lens of a Hollywood movie camera .
disney 's contribution to the built environment has superimposed north american regional vernacular [structure] of the 19th and early 20th century on the ile de france : a pacific north west national park lodge , a south west pueblo , a far west cowboy town , an east coast seaside club , a south east victorian resort , and a piece of 1930s manhattan — albeit somewhat distorted , as if seen through the lens of a hollywood movie camera .

They include Michael Graves from Princeton University , Robert Stern from Columbia , and the winner of the Pritzker Prize for architecture , Frank Gehry .
they include michael graves from princeton university , robert stern from columbia , and the winner of the pritzker prize for [structure] , frank gehry .

As only intelligent and articulate people can , they are deftly defending the Disney premise by inventing a new genre : the Architecture of Entertainment .
as only intelligent and articulate people can , they are deftly defending the disney premise by inventing a new genre : the [structure] of entertainment .

Stern , who is known for his sometimes brash self-promotion , anchored a television documentary series in the early 1980s , in which he attempted in a Bronowski-like way to explain the ascent of architecture in America .
stern , who is known for his sometimes brash self-promotion , anchored a television documentary series in the early 1980s , in which he attempted in a bronowski-like way to explain the ascent of [structure] in america .

‘ All good architecture is themed , ’ he affirms , ‘ even modern architecture with its emphasis on the machine aesthetic .
‘ all good [structure] is themed , ’ he affirms , ‘ even modern [structure] with its emphasis on the machine aesthetic .

As long as architecture does not express a theme prosaically or literally , then it can have a multi-dimensional and enduring value .
as long as [structure] does not express a theme prosaically or literally , then it can have a multi-dimensional and enduring value .

According to Euro Disney 's senior vice president , Philippe Bourguignon , the architecture of entertainment is not only a distinct asset for the theme park , but a major contribution to the development of a new style of hotel architecture in Europe .
according to euro disney 's senior vice president , philippe bourguignon , the [structure] of entertainment is not only a distinct asset for the theme park , but a major contribution to the development of a new style of hotel [structure] in europe .

We want each one of our hotels to be taken as architecture in its own right , as opposed to being just another Disney hotel .
we want each one of our hotels to be taken as [structure] in its own right , as opposed to being just another disney hotel .

Many will not argue with Stern 's wish to ‘ uplift ’ through entertainment architecture , but perhaps the presentation calls for inquiry .
many will not argue with stern 's wish to ‘ uplift ’ through entertainment [structure] , but perhaps the presentation calls for inquiry .

Art , architecture and live sword fighting are all on display , as are the 6,333 diamonds in the ‘ Sun of Prague ’ .
art , [structure] and live sword fighting are all on display , as are the 6,333 diamonds in the ‘ sun of prague ’ .

For the most part , the literature of the United States has taken as its concern the architecture of a new white man .
for the most part , the literature of the united states has taken as its concern the [structure] of a new white man .

Two of the major innovations at Kalmar were the architecture of the plant and the production technology .
two of the major innovations at kalmar were the [structure] of the plant and the production technology .

These are the grounds of the seventeenth-century Earl 's Palace , described as being possibly the finest example of French Renaissance architecture in Scotland .
these are the grounds of the seventeenth-century earl 's palace , described as being possibly the finest example of french renaissance [structure] in scotland .

We know this to refer to a decorated water-spout , usually found in church architecture .
we know this to refer to a decorated water-spout , usually found in church [structure] .

There are two main styles of architecture : the earlier Gothic and the later Renaissance or baroque style .
there are two main styles of [structure] : the earlier gothic and the later renaissance or baroque style .

Public tastes and current architecture have never been so much at odds .
public tastes and current [structure] have never been so much at odds .

The finest architecture and the best examples of town planning are conceived with a clarity of vision that brooks no compromise .
the finest [structure] and the best examples of town planning are conceived with a clarity of vision that brooks no compromise .

Comprehension of the modern city 's altered state is rarely apparent in much of the verbiage currently expended on urban architecture .
comprehension of the modern city 's altered state is rarely apparent in much of the verbiage currently expended on urban [structure] .

Exactly how architecture might come to terms with the invisible is a tricky subject , which Sudjic hints at but does not elaborate .
exactly how [structure] might come to terms with the invisible is a tricky subject , which sudjic hints at but does not elaborate .

The roads were quaint , the way they twisted round , and was n't Dublin just beautiful , with all those darling old buildings … He took her on a tour of the city , and she enthused over the faded glories of Georgian architecture and the charm of the bridges spanning the river Liffey .
the roads were quaint , the way they twisted round , and was n't dublin just beautiful , with all those darling old buildings … he took her on a tour of the city , and she enthused over the faded glories of georgian [structure] and the charm of the bridges spanning the river liffey .

But Rufus admitted to himself that the beauties of nature and architecture had never meant much to him .
but rufus admitted to himself that the beauties of nature and [structure] had never meant much to him .

The designers are drawing on broader influences : architecture , painting , and dance .
the designers are drawing on broader influences : [structure] , painting , and dance .

Tom Mace , president and chief executive officer of 88open , believes the proposed Architecture Neutral Distribution Format-type software portability technologies now doing the rounds should be pursued as vigorously as possible , but argues that provision for support and verification must be developed , if the stuff is to become accepted by a still sceptical independent software vendor community .
tom mace , president and chief executive officer of 88open , believes the proposed [structure] neutral distribution format-type software portability technologies now doing the rounds should be pursued as vigorously as possible , but argues that provision for support and verification must be developed , if the stuff is to become accepted by a still sceptical independent software vendor community .

Apologies : last week 's story on the Sparc Architecture Version 9 specification was incorrect , and based upon incomplete information .
apologies : last week 's story on the sparc [structure] version 9 specification was incorrect , and based upon incomplete information .

Developers can include support capabilities as a module directly with their products in an Internet-based client/server architecture .
developers can include support capabilities as a module directly with their products in an internet-based client/server [structure] .

Precisely what sort of cable will be used depends on the network architecture you 've chosen .
precisely what sort of cable will be used depends on the network [structure] you 've chosen .

Japan 's quixotic Fifth Generation Computer Systems project is being replaced this fall by a $800m Real World Computing project that will explore massively parallel processing , optical and neural computing and soft logic in an attempt to create a concept or architecture that distributes data as it is in the brain .
japan 's quixotic fifth generation computer systems project is being replaced this fall by a $800m real world computing project that will explore massively parallel processing , optical and neural computing and soft logic in an attempt to create a concept or [structure] that distributes data as it is in the brain .

Marlborough , Massachusetts-based Sequoia Systems Inc has gone to Micro Focus Plc , Newbury , Berkshire for a Cobol compiler for its Series 400 fault-tolerant Unix multi-processor : it has opted for the Micro Focus Cobol/2 optimised for the hardware architecture to produce high performance native code ; no value was given for the agreement .
marlborough , massachusetts-based sequoia systems inc has gone to micro focus plc , newbury , berkshire for a cobol compiler for its series 400 fault-tolerant unix multi-processor : it has opted for the micro focus cobol/2 optimised for the hardware [structure] to produce high performance native code ; no value was given for the agreement .

Menlo Park , California-based Informix Software Inc says it will do versions of its family of database information management software to Alpha , Digital Equipment Corp 's new 64-bit computer architecture .
menlo park , california-based informix software inc says it will do versions of its family of database information management software to alpha , digital equipment corp 's new 64-bit computer [structure] .

The company gets burnt by the cost of extra development time and resources needed to correct or re-write the application for each architecture .
the company gets burnt by the cost of extra development time and resources needed to correct or re-write the application for each [structure] .

The study of 90 French enterprises , of which 70 % were not Sun clients , determined that the majority , 79 % , of the respondents see a major evolution in their computing architecture .
the study of 90 french enterprises , of which 70 % were not sun clients , determined that the majority , 79 % , of the respondents see a major evolution in their computing [structure] .

Of those that responded ‘ oui ’ , the top three evolutive choices were , in order of preference : establishing a new client-server architecture ; converting applications for dedicated servers ; and interconnecting networks .
of those that responded ‘ oui ’ , the top three evolutive choices were , in order of preference : establishing a new client-server [structure] ; converting applications for dedicated servers ; and interconnecting networks .

The architecture of the great Minoan temples is too large and complex a subject to deal with here , and a discussion of the temples ' religious function is reserved for Chapter 6 below .
the [structure] of the great minoan temples is too large and complex a subject to deal with here , and a discussion of the temples ' religious function is reserved for chapter 6 below .

Naturally , there has been controversy concerning the status of these Minoan settlements , but they are identifiable by their coastal location , irregular street plan , Minoan style of architecture , Minoan burial customs , Minoan shapes worked in local pottery wares ( and thus not imported from Crete ) , and Minoan religious ritual .
naturally , there has been controversy concerning the status of these minoan settlements , but they are identifiable by their coastal location , irregular street plan , minoan style of [structure] , minoan burial customs , minoan shapes worked in local pottery wares ( and thus not imported from crete ) , and minoan religious ritual .

It may be that the round tombs are a reference back to a very ancient and primitive type of house , long-since abandoned except for tomb architecture , or they may be an exotic , a design imported from a foreign land where both tombs and houses were round .
it may be that the round tombs are a reference back to a very ancient and primitive type of house , long-since abandoned except for tomb [structure] , or they may be an exotic , a design imported from a foreign land where both tombs and houses were round .

If the Unix suppliers are able to agree on a consistent systems management application programming interface — and each also uses a similar implementation of the Object Management Group 's Common Object Request Broker Architecture — Corba — independent software vendors would be able to offer binary system management applications running across a variety of platforms .
if the unix suppliers are able to agree on a consistent systems management application programming interface — and each also uses a similar implementation of the object management group 's common object request broker [structure] — corba — independent software vendors would be able to offer binary system management applications running across a variety of platforms .

The capital , Vasilariov , partook of most of the styles of coral architecture .
the capital , vasilariov , partook of most of the styles of coral [structure] .

Drums of architecture were being beaten till they burst .
drums of [structure] were being beaten till they burst .

He apparently retains his seat on Silicon Graphics Inc 's board and his post as head of Mips ' architecture committee but it seems he 's off with a new venture-backed workstation company called NetPower Systems Inc .
he apparently retains his seat on silicon graphics inc 's board and his post as head of mips ' [structure] committee but it seems he 's off with a new venture-backed workstation company called netpower systems inc .

Despite this , the face can not fail to evoke a sense of wonder ; the fusion of sheer scale and complexity of the rock architecture sees to that .
despite this , the face can not fail to evoke a sense of wonder ; the fusion of sheer scale and complexity of the rock [structure] sees to that .

With a new guidebook out , Bob Wightman describes some Cumbrian architecture Prince Charles would be proud of
with a new guidebook out , bob wightman describes some cumbrian [structure] prince charles would be proud of

Databases meet many requirements of the hyper-medium : persistent data management , large volumes , data modelling , multi-level architecture with abstractions and views , meta-data integrated with operational data , short-term transaction processing and high-level end-user languages for searching and updating data .
databases meet many requirements of the hyper-medium : persistent data management , large volumes , data modelling , multi-level [structure] with abstractions and views , meta-data integrated with operational data , short-term transaction processing and high-level end-user languages for searching and updating data .

It was small , but adequate for the Gormans ' needs and comforts , built in the Midland Railway 's style of architecture having a pantile roof and very solidly constructed of red brick .
it was small , but adequate for the gormans ' needs and comforts , built in the midland railway 's style of [structure] having a pantile roof and very solidly constructed of red brick .

Silverware , woven carpets , calligraphy and architecture .
silverware , woven carpets , calligraphy and [structure] .

More importantly , they had similar senses of humour and enjoyed art and architecture .
more importantly , they had similar senses of humour and enjoyed art and [structure] .

Earlier , my husband had been slumped in his chair , furtively picking his nose behind a detective story : now he was sitting upright , looking bright and alert and ten years younger , telling Flora that the Palais Jamai was a really marvellous old palace , an excellent example of Moorish architecture — Richard is often a little didactic .
earlier , my husband had been slumped in his chair , furtively picking his nose behind a detective story : now he was sitting upright , looking bright and alert and ten years younger , telling flora that the palais jamai was a really marvellous old palace , an excellent example of moorish [structure] — richard is often a little didactic .

Together they looked at huge bound tomes which contained drawings by the Wardley ancestors on the Grand Tour — ‘ Great Uncle Charles , died of pneumonia in Genoa , ’ she snorted as she closed his sketchbook and picked up a folio of the architecture of Rome , Naples and the Campagna .
together they looked at huge bound tomes which contained drawings by the wardley ancestors on the grand tour — ‘ great uncle charles , died of pneumonia in genoa , ’ she snorted as she closed his sketchbook and picked up a folio of the [structure] of rome , naples and the campagna .

‘ Until recently , the architecture of the hardware did not allow a realistic representation of a face , ’ says Gary Bracey of Ocean Software in Manchester .
‘ until recently , the [structure] of the hardware did not allow a realistic representation of a face , ’ says gary bracey of ocean software in manchester .

This type of ‘ client-server ’ architecture also makes it possible to provide a uniform way for users to talk to applications running on different platforms .
this type of ‘ client-server ’ [structure] also makes it possible to provide a uniform way for users to talk to applications running on different platforms .

Mr Scully is in no doubt that the architecture Sumitomo has adopted gives significant business advantages .
mr scully is in no doubt that the [structure] sumitomo has adopted gives significant business advantages .

By the Welland St. Wilfrid built St. Leonard 's Priory , a masterpiece of Anglo-Saxon architecture , befitting its status as the first religious house in all Mercia .
by the welland st. wilfrid built st. leonard 's priory , a masterpiece of anglo-saxon [structure] , befitting its status as the first religious house in all mercia .

St. Martin 's was rebuilt over twenty years after the sack , which implies there was no extensive damage to its structure , and although All Saints ' was also rebuilt at this time , a great deal of its thirteenth-century architecture survived .
st. martin 's was rebuilt over twenty years after the sack , which implies there was no extensive damage to its structure , and although all saints ' was also rebuilt at this time , a great deal of its thirteenth-century [structure] survived .

That experience was to prove singularly rich in its diversity and in its legacy of Sussex church architecture .
that experience was to prove singularly rich in its diversity and in its legacy of sussex church [structure] .

Sir Nikolaus Pevsner has called it ‘ an absolutely consistent epitome of Tudor architecture at its plainest and most sober , very English in its understatement ’ .
sir nikolaus pevsner has called it ‘ an absolutely consistent epitome of tudor [structure] at its plainest and most sober , very english in its understatement ’ .

The very architecture of the building rebuffs any attempt at hoopla .
the very [structure] of the building rebuffs any attempt at hoopla .

The three-pillared architecture of the new union — by which foreign affairs and home affairs ( policing , immigration ) will form two pillars distinct from the pre-Maastricht Community — does little to change , or to preserve , the status quo .
the three-pillared [structure] of the new union — by which foreign affairs and home affairs ( policing , immigration ) will form two pillars distinct from the pre-maastricht community — does little to change , or to preserve , the status quo .

The arguments about the importance of architecture and ‘ environmental design ’ in preventing crime that have developed since Newman 's ( 1973 ) pioneering work , have incorporated a mixture of both these elements ( see Hope , 1986 , for a useful review of the literature in this area ) .
the arguments about the importance of [structure] and ‘ environmental design ’ in preventing crime that have developed since newman 's ( 1973 ) pioneering work , have incorporated a mixture of both these elements ( see hope , 1986 , for a useful review of the literature in this area ) .

However , the initial Application Linking specification will possess object-like characteristics to allow for further developments and support for Object Group 's Object Request Broker Architecture .
however , the initial application linking specification will possess object-like characteristics to allow for further developments and support for object group 's object request broker [structure] .

Sunrise , which filters a wonderful golden hue upon the shell of the architecture , is perhaps best shot from the far side of the harbour , from Farm Grove , almost at the end of Mrs. Macquaries Point .
sunrise , which filters a wonderful golden hue upon the shell of the [structure] , is perhaps best shot from the far side of the harbour , from farm grove , almost at the end of mrs. macquaries point .

Antwerp offers both the Renaissance architecture of a Bruges or a Ghent and the café culture of a Paris or a Barcelona .
antwerp offers both the renaissance [structure] of a bruges or a ghent and the café culture of a paris or a barcelona .

The waterfront is dotted with avant-garde architecture , including the Zuiderterras , a steel-and-glass café and restaurant in the form of a ship — designed , again , by bOb van Reeth .
the waterfront is dotted with avant-garde [structure] , including the zuiderterras , a steel-and-glass café and restaurant in the form of a ship — designed , again , by bob van reeth .

Research into colour has led Marthe Wery towards an interest in the effects of light and the role of architecture in an exhibition space .
research into colour has led marthe wery towards an interest in the effects of light and the role of [structure] in an exhibition space .

Donald Martin Reynolds Nineteenth-century Architecture , the Cambridge Introduction to Art ( Cambridge University Press , 1992 ) 106pp .
donald martin reynolds nineteenth-century [structure] , the cambridge introduction to art ( cambridge university press , 1992 ) 106pp .

p/b £7.95 Reliable but not very inspiring trot through the architecture of the nineteenth century .
p/b £7.95 reliable but not very inspiring trot through the [structure] of the nineteenth century .

The centre will be enormously enriched by the presence of the Bibliotheque des Arts , created from specialist sections of the Bibliotheque Nationale such as prints , coins , and photographs , and the addition of special book collections such as the Jacques Doucet library , the Bibliotheque du Louvre and the architecture library of the Bibliotheque des Beaux-Arts , around 1.5 million books in all .
the centre will be enormously enriched by the presence of the bibliotheque des arts , created from specialist sections of the bibliotheque nationale such as prints , coins , and photographs , and the addition of special book collections such as the jacques doucet library , the bibliotheque du louvre and the [structure] library of the bibliotheque des beaux-arts , around 1.5 million books in all .

Among his most important books — read by specialists and layman alike , for such is their clarity and elegance of style — are Architecture in Britain : 1530–1830 in the Pelican History of Art series ; The Classical Language of Architecture ( 1963 ) ; Inigo Jones ( 1966 ) , and The London Building World in the 1860s ( 1973 ) .
among his most important books — read by specialists and layman alike , for such is their clarity and elegance of style — are [structure] in britain : 1530–1830 in the pelican history of art series ; the classical language of [structure] ( 1963 ) ; inigo jones ( 1966 ) , and the london building world in the 1860s ( 1973 ) .

The entire span of Irish Art and Architecture is examined in a book of that name by Peter Harbison , chairman of the National Monuments Advisory Council , Homan Potterton , former director of the National Gallery of Ireland , and Jeanne Sheehy who has written on Irish art ( £14.95 ) .
the entire span of irish art and [structure] is examined in a book of that name by peter harbison , chairman of the national monuments advisory council , homan potterton , former director of the national gallery of ireland , and jeanne sheehy who has written on irish art ( £14.95 ) .

About the town of Cambridge itself , possibly the most interesting title in 1993 will be a useful reissue of Tim Rawle 's classic work first published in 1985 , Cambridge Architecture ( £25 ) from Andre Deutsch
about the town of cambridge itself , possibly the most interesting title in 1993 will be a useful reissue of tim rawle 's classic work first published in 1985 , cambridge [structure] ( £25 ) from andre deutsch

In the field of architecture , what the publishers describe as ‘ a monumental new series ’ , Buildings of the United States , is intended to be a sort of Pevsner to that country .
in the field of [structure] , what the publishers describe as ‘ a monumental new series ’ , buildings of the united states , is intended to be a sort of pevsner to that country .

Architecture in the Encyclopédie of Diderot and d'Alembert ( £50 ) covers the letterpress articles and selected engravings from the twenty-eight-volume Encyclopédie and its seven-volume supplement .
[structure] in the encyclopédie of diderot and d'alembert ( £50 ) covers the letterpress articles and selected engravings from the twenty-eight-volume encyclopédie and its seven-volume supplement .

The Verlagsgemeinschaft Hatje/cantz at Stuttgart continues its successful collaboration with complementary lists of classical modern ( Hatje ) and contemporary ( cantz ) art and architecture .
the verlagsgemeinschaft hatje/cantz at stuttgart continues its successful collaboration with complementary lists of classical modern ( hatje ) and contemporary ( cantz ) art and [structure] .

At Tübingen , Wasmuth also continues to concentrate on international architecture and design , past and present .
at tübingen , wasmuth also continues to concentrate on international [structure] and design , past and present .

It has , however , found a direct application in the histories of architecture , technology and industrial building .
it has , however , found a direct application in the histories of [structure] , technology and industrial building .

The architecture of the Duveen Galleries is overblown , authoritarian and a bit heavyhanded .
the [structure] of the duveen galleries is overblown , authoritarian and a bit heavyhanded .

In certain cases , these paintings do not undermine the architecture .
in certain cases , these paintings do not undermine the [structure] .

Architecture is also never very far from Ron Janowich 's awareness .
[structure] is also never very far from ron janowich 's awareness .

Fiction , then , is rather like architecture or plumbing — a necessary art .
fiction , then , is rather like [structure] or plumbing — a necessary art .

This important collection increases the Museum 's geographical and subject coverage and comprises of approximately 70,000 images including views of locomotives , rolling stock , moving trains , railway architecture and civil engineering subjects dating back to the early 1900's .
this important collection increases the museum 's geographical and subject coverage and comprises of approximately 70,000 images including views of locomotives , rolling stock , moving trains , railway [structure] and civil engineering subjects dating back to the early 1900's .

From 21 to 23 May the Committee is sponsoring an antiques fair at the Carnegie Hall of Architecture .
from 21 to 23 may the committee is sponsoring an antiques fair at the carnegie hall of [structure] .

The difference between the monotonous beat of pop music and the rhythmical architecture of a great symphony is precisely that in classical music the primitive reaction is delayed and denied for a more varied satisfaction .
the difference between the monotonous beat of pop music and the rhythmical [structure] of a great symphony is precisely that in classical music the primitive reaction is delayed and denied for a more varied satisfaction .

The field covered ranges from architecture , interior and industrial designs , furniture , ceramics , glass , metalwork , textiles , jewellery , fashion , stage and film design and the graphic arts .
the field covered ranges from [structure] , interior and industrial designs , furniture , ceramics , glass , metalwork , textiles , jewellery , fashion , stage and film design and the graphic arts .

In each book there has been a conscious decision to focus on relatively modest domestic architecture rather than providing yet more triumphant progresses through the great set-piece country houses .
in each book there has been a conscious decision to focus on relatively modest domestic [structure] rather than providing yet more triumphant progresses through the great set-piece country houses .

Peter Eiseman , who with Frank Gehry represented the United States at the last Venice Biennale , brings his latest reflections on symbolism and allusion in contemporary architecture to Sadock & Uzzan , where his drawings and sculptures can be seen until the beginning of June .
peter eiseman , who with frank gehry represented the united states at the last venice biennale , brings his latest reflections on symbolism and allusion in contemporary [structure] to sadock & uzzan , where his drawings and sculptures can be seen until the beginning of june .

Speaking at a conference on the ‘ Future of the Irish Country House ’ ( 26 February ) , the Prime Minister of Ireland , Albert Reynolds made a statement of profound importance about how Ireland has come to terms with its Anglo-Irish past , at least so far as its architecture is concerned .
speaking at a conference on the ‘ future of the irish country house ’ ( 26 february ) , the prime minister of ireland , albert reynolds made a statement of profound importance about how ireland has come to terms with its anglo-irish past , at least so far as its [structure] is concerned .

The professor 's interest in architecture and theatre is reflected in Pietro Fancelli 's mythology set in the palace at Persepolis , stage designs by Schinkel , Mauro Tesi and others .
the professor 's interest in [structure] and theatre is reflected in pietro fancelli 's mythology set in the palace at persepolis , stage designs by schinkel , mauro tesi and others .

More than the architecture , the museum 's Identity Card Project is likely to raise eyebrows .
more than the [structure] , the museum 's identity card project is likely to raise eyebrows .

The new director of the all-Russian Scientific Research Institute for Restoration is a specialist in Old Russian and Byzantine architecture , Dr Aleksey Komech .
the new director of the all-russian scientific research institute for restoration is a specialist in old russian and byzantine [structure] , dr aleksey komech .

Attention is also devoted to his work in the fields of architecture and book illustration .
attention is also devoted to his work in the fields of [structure] and book illustration .

Curated by Joelle Pijaudier with Anne Nardin , the exhibition has been divided into six chronological sections , beginning with a display of the rare early work from 1915 , with a final section of texts and photographs covering his work in architecture , the decorative arts and theatre ( for example his sets for ‘ Le Train Bleu ’ , the ballet choreographed by Diaghilev for the Ballets Russes ) .
curated by joelle pijaudier with anne nardin , the exhibition has been divided into six chronological sections , beginning with a display of the rare early work from 1915 , with a final section of texts and photographs covering his work in [structure] , the decorative arts and theatre ( for example his sets for ‘ le train bleu ’ , the ballet choreographed by diaghilev for the ballets russes ) .

The new edition of Norbert Lieb 's Barock Kirchen — the sixth — confirms its status as a modern classic on German Baroque architecture .
the new edition of norbert lieb 's barock kirchen — the sixth — confirms its status as a modern classic on german baroque [structure] .

Architecture fascinates Richard Serra , too : likely as not he will claim the whole of an interior space as part of his work .
[structure] fascinates richard serra , too : likely as not he will claim the whole of an interior space as part of his work .

Turner and Architecture
turner and [structure]

On Wednesday April 21 the Tate Gallery , London will be holding a special Kurt Pantzer memorial Lecture on ‘ Turner and Architecture ’ given by John Gage at 6.30pm in the Auditorium . Admission is free but by ticket only , which are available from the Education Department
on wednesday april 21 the tate gallery , london will be holding a special kurt pantzer memorial lecture on ‘ turner and [structure] ’ given by john gage at 6.30pm in the auditorium . admission is free but by ticket only , which are available from the education department

94 extended articles on specific aspects of British and American life and institutions , ranging from ‘ architecture ’ , ‘ clothes ’ , ‘ advertising ’ and ‘ newspapers ’ , to ‘ television ’ , ‘ the police ’ , ‘ the royal family ’ and ‘ humour ’ ( conveniently located at their alphabetical position in the text ) .
94 extended articles on specific aspects of british and american life and institutions , ranging from ‘ [structure] ’ , ‘ clothes ’ , ‘ advertising ’ and ‘ newspapers ’ , to ‘ television ’ , ‘ the police ’ , ‘ the royal family ’ and ‘ humour ’ ( conveniently located at their alphabetical position in the text ) .

‘ In Edinburgh , the course originally developed as a means of helping foreign post-graduate students — working in subjects as diverse as architecture , law , medicine , language teaching , and the physical sciences — to write clearly and logically in English .
‘ in edinburgh , the course originally developed as a means of helping foreign post-graduate students — working in subjects as diverse as [structure] , law , medicine , language teaching , and the physical sciences — to write clearly and logically in english .

In 1915 Harry Weiss of Metro Picture Services urged the trade to accept ‘ Quality ’ as its watchword but what quality meant for the film industry in questions of both architecture and film-making was standards that would bring in the respectable without prejudicing the masses .
in 1915 harry weiss of metro picture services urged the trade to accept ‘ quality ’ as its watchword but what quality meant for the film industry in questions of both [structure] and film-making was standards that would bring in the respectable without prejudicing the masses .

Some of these phrases relate to a particular teaching style ( the project approach , the integrated day ) ; some refer to organisation ( ‘ all-through ’ comprehensives ) and some to architecture ( open plan with resource areas ) .
some of these phrases relate to a particular teaching style ( the project approach , the integrated day ) ; some refer to organisation ( ‘ all-through ’ comprehensives ) and some to [structure] ( open plan with resource areas ) .

He created an architecture of respectably high standards .
he created an [structure] of respectably high standards .

During the course of the fifteenth and early sixteenth centuries over 60 per cent of the parish churches in England were extensively rebuilt , normally in the magnificent Perpendicular style of Gothic architecture first employed in the construction of Gloucester Cathedral during the thirteenth century .
during the course of the fifteenth and early sixteenth centuries over 60 per cent of the parish churches in england were extensively rebuilt , normally in the magnificent perpendicular style of gothic [structure] first employed in the construction of gloucester cathedral during the thirteenth century .

The porch was commissioned by Bishop John Jewel , and its design may have been influenced by the neo-classical architecture to which Jewel had been exposed during his years of exile in Mary 's reign .
the porch was commissioned by bishop john jewel , and its design may have been influenced by the neo-classical [structure] to which jewel had been exposed during his years of exile in mary 's reign .

Although a more general move away from the indigenous Gothic style of architecture and church design only began in earnest a century later after the Restoration , the trend was signalled as early as the 1630s with the construction of St Paul 's , Covent Garden .
although a more general move away from the indigenous gothic style of [structure] and church design only began in earnest a century later after the restoration , the trend was signalled as early as the 1630s with the construction of st paul 's , covent garden .

The most important development in English ecclesiastical architecture , however , during the post-Restoration period came about not through any new religious initiative , but as a result of the ever-present danger of fire .
the most important development in english ecclesiastical [structure] , however , during the post-restoration period came about not through any new religious initiative , but as a result of the ever-present danger of fire .

In the aftermath of the disaster , the rebuilding of London 's churches was entrusted to the brilliant young architect , Christopher Wren , who set to work almost immediately , and over the next few years completely transformed the ecclesiastical architecture of the capital .
in the aftermath of the disaster , the rebuilding of london 's churches was entrusted to the brilliant young architect , christopher wren , who set to work almost immediately , and over the next few years completely transformed the ecclesiastical [structure] of the capital .

Although he consistently employed classical conventions in his designs , he also incorporated features reminiscent of the older indigenous style of English ecclesiastical architecture , and he was careful to make each church unique .
although he consistently employed classical conventions in his designs , he also incorporated features reminiscent of the older indigenous style of english ecclesiastical [structure] , and he was careful to make each church unique .

Wales to him — physical Wales — was the catacombs of coal , the engines and architecture of massive wealth creation , rain-soaked narrow streets , hillsides leaking black , and occasionally a soaring aqueduct such as that in Pontrhydyfen under which still stands the house in which he was born .
wales to him — physical wales — was the catacombs of coal , the engines and [structure] of massive wealth creation , rain-soaked narrow streets , hillsides leaking black , and occasionally a soaring aqueduct such as that in pontrhydyfen under which still stands the house in which he was born .

The connection between modern architecture and tyranny awaits its historian , but it is worth reflecting on the mentality of Le Corbusier and his acolytes before being too harsh on the servile Romanian architects who competed for Ceauşescu 's favour so that they could take charge of the vast projects he had in mind .
the connection between modern [structure] and tyranny awaits its historian , but it is worth reflecting on the mentality of le corbusier and his acolytes before being too harsh on the servile romanian architects who competed for ceauşescu 's favour so that they could take charge of the vast projects he had in mind .

Hitler had talked about architecture as ‘ the word made stone ’ , the concrete realization of ideology in its most imposing form .
hitler had talked about [structure] as ‘ the word made stone ’ , the concrete realization of ideology in its most imposing form .

Language was changed , the structure of society altered beyond recognition and of course the architecture of the old regime had to be replaced by one appropriate to the new collectivist order .
language was changed , the structure of society altered beyond recognition and of course the [structure] of the old regime had to be replaced by one appropriate to the new collectivist order .

Although he did not master the Russian language during his stay at the Frunze Military Academy in the last years of Stalin , thirty years later Ceauşescu revealed a fine grasp of the vocabulary of Stalinist architecture .
although he did not master the russian language during his stay at the frunze military academy in the last years of stalin , thirty years later ceauşescu revealed a fine grasp of the vocabulary of stalinist [structure] .

Stalin 's protégé , Andrei Zhdanov , who controlled the arts and still more closely the artists and architects of the Soviet Union , had said that architecture alone ‘ is able to reflect the grandeur of the period in an objective way .
stalin 's protégé , andrei zhdanov , who controlled the arts and still more closely the artists and architects of the soviet union , had said that [structure] alone ‘ is able to reflect the grandeur of the period in an objective way .

’ In the north of Bucharest , there is a fascinating village-museum , started in the 1930s , which has collected examples of the extraordinary variety of styles of peasant architecture found in Romania .
’ in the north of bucharest , there is a fascinating village-museum , started in the 1930s , which has collected examples of the extraordinary variety of styles of peasant [structure] found in romania .

The plan of ‘ systematization ’ if it had been carried through would have left them the only repositories of folk-culture and architecture , since the threefold slogan ‘ Systematization — Modernization — Civilization ’ would have left little of what remained unscarred .
the plan of ‘ systematization ’ if it had been carried through would have left them the only repositories of folk-culture and [structure] , since the threefold slogan ‘ systematization — modernization — civilization ’ would have left little of what remained unscarred .

Taking his Indian ink , he added to this outline the delicate tints that expressed the modelling of the figures , and the shadowing of interiors , architecture , or landscape .
taking his indian ink , he added to this outline the delicate tints that expressed the modelling of the figures , and the shadowing of interiors , [structure] , or landscape .

Among the most prized of Ackermann 's books are his histories of the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge and of various famous public schools , his Picturesque Tours in England and many foreign countries , and his illustrations of costume and architecture .
among the most prized of ackermann 's books are his histories of the universities of oxford and cambridge and of various famous public schools , his picturesque tours in england and many foreign countries , and his illustrations of costume and [structure] .

Texas Instruments Fellow , Karl Guttag , remarked in Electronic Engineering Times recently that a complete multimedia environment will require a processor architecture that can support more than 2 billion operations/second .
texas instruments fellow , karl guttag , remarked in electronic engineering times recently that a complete multimedia environment will require a processor [structure] that can support more than 2 billion operations/second .

While the Royal College of Psychiatrists and the British Medical Association counselled caution on closures , the impressive period architecture of asylums has attracted the interest of architects in the possibilities of preserving them intact with a resident population .
while the royal college of psychiatrists and the british medical association counselled caution on closures , the impressive period [structure] of asylums has attracted the interest of architects in the possibilities of preserving them intact with a resident population .

Mbus is Sun 's multi-processing bus architecture designed for symmetric multi-processing Sparc systems .
mbus is sun 's multi-processing bus [structure] designed for symmetric multi-processing sparc systems .

The work is divided into logical sections with nineteenth century styles of architecture , early railway architects and company architectural styles .
the work is divided into logical sections with nineteenth century styles of [structure] , early railway architects and company architectural styles .

This study represents a view of British architecture over the last 150 years .
this study represents a view of british [structure] over the last 150 years .

Assignments will include teaching and supervising research in a post-professional Bachelor of Architecture degree program .
assignments will include teaching and supervising research in a post-professional bachelor of [structure] degree program .

Candidates must hold a professional degree in Architecture , an advanced degree , and specialization in the detailed aspects of the building envelope including diagnostic problems and techniques .
candidates must hold a professional degree in [structure] , an advanced degree , and specialization in the detailed aspects of the building envelope including diagnostic problems and techniques .

One full-time , tenure track position is available from July 1 , 1991 to a person qualified to teach and direct research in the history and theory of Architecture .
one full-time , tenure track position is available from july 1 , 1991 to a person qualified to teach and direct research in the history and theory of [structure] .

Assignments will include teaching and supervising research in a post-professional graduate program , and teaching in a three year professional Bachelor of Architecture program .
assignments will include teaching and supervising research in a post-professional graduate program , and teaching in a three year professional bachelor of [structure] program .

Candidates must hold a degree in Architecture and a Ph.D .
candidates must hold a degree in [structure] and a ph.d .

degree in the history and theory of Architecture with a specialization in the work of the 19th and 20th century .
degree in the history and theory of [structure] with a specialization in the work of the 19th and 20th century .

They should also be able to teach highly motivated architecture students to improve the rigour and content of their work .
they should also be able to teach highly motivated [structure] students to improve the rigour and content of their work .

Assignments will include teaching and supervising post-professional graduate students , and teaching in a three year professional Bachelor of Architecture program .
assignments will include teaching and supervising post-professional graduate students , and teaching in a three year professional bachelor of [structure] program .

degree in Architecture or equivalent , together with an M.Sc .
degree in [structure] or equivalent , together with an m.sc .

Little more , even today , than the architecture of old Schiaparelli so eloquently declares .
little more , even today , than the [structure] of old schiaparelli so eloquently declares .

But think how they marvelled then , the first time they glimpsed the grandiose space architecture of the Eladeldi , or the shining needle , a kilometre long , of the Vespa Omicron .
but think how they marvelled then , the first time they glimpsed the grandiose space [structure] of the eladeldi , or the shining needle , a kilometre long , of the vespa omicron .

The architecture shows the influence of the Italian colonisation ; the modern harbour harks back to the healthy export of livestock to the Gulf States ; and the large scale agricultural activity in the adjacent fertile valley now lies dormant with equipment and crops stolen and even the electricity pylons stripped of their cables .
the [structure] shows the influence of the italian colonisation ; the modern harbour harks back to the healthy export of livestock to the gulf states ; and the large scale agricultural activity in the adjacent fertile valley now lies dormant with equipment and crops stolen and even the electricity pylons stripped of their cables .

The corrie is an awe-inspiring amphitheatre below a ring of peaks that rise like cathedrals , their rock architecture being very spectacular .
the corrie is an awe-inspiring amphitheatre below a ring of peaks that rise like cathedrals , their rock [structure] being very spectacular .

She had then put its architecture firmly out of her mind , together with her yearnings for Norman arches , carved reredos and familiar Early English spires .
she had then put its [structure] firmly out of her mind , together with her yearnings for norman arches , carved reredos and familiar early english spires .

But she was still slightly surprised when she found Father Barnes showing round groups of visitors , experts interested in Victorian architecture , who enthused over the baldachin , admired the Pre-Raphaelite paintings on the eight panels of the pulpit , or set up their tripods to photograph the apse , and who compared it , in confident , un-ecclesiastical tones ( surely even experts ought to lower their voices in church ) with the Cathedral of Torcello near Venice or with Blomfield 's similar basilica at Jericho in Oxford .
but she was still slightly surprised when she found father barnes showing round groups of visitors , experts interested in victorian [structure] , who enthused over the baldachin , admired the pre-raphaelite paintings on the eight panels of the pulpit , or set up their tripods to photograph the apse , and who compared it , in confident , un-ecclesiastical tones ( surely even experts ought to lower their voices in church ) with the cathedral of torcello near venice or with blomfield 's similar basilica at jericho in oxford .

He was known to be interested in Victorian architecture .
he was known to be interested in victorian [structure] .

Dalgliesh had wondered how Berowne knew about his fondness for architecture .
dalgliesh had wondered how berowne knew about his fondness for [structure] .

But the house , one of the rare examples of Sir John Soane 's domestic architecture , was pictured in so many books on the capital 's buildings that its elegant eccentricity was as familiar to him as if he commonly walked these streets and squares .
but the house , one of the rare examples of sir john soane 's domestic [structure] , was pictured in so many books on the capital 's buildings that its elegant eccentricity was as familiar to him as if he commonly walked these streets and squares .

Bath is a beautiful city well known for its spa , its Roman baths and the excellence of its Georgian architecture , an example of which is the supremely elegant Crescent .
bath is a beautiful city well known for its spa , its roman baths and the excellence of its georgian [structure] , an example of which is the supremely elegant crescent .

Exposed rafters , wall-to-wall pine panelling and the extensive use of beech and oak endow it with a warmth that is too often absent from modern architecture .
exposed rafters , wall-to-wall pine panelling and the extensive use of beech and oak endow it with a warmth that is too often absent from modern [structure] .

Apart from the sea and its attendant attractions , there is a wealth of elegant Georgian and Victorian architecture , the Pavilion , the Dome , an Aquarium and Dolphinarium , the Theatre Royal , nine cinema screens , interesting shops and for the ‘ foody ’ — over three hundred restaurants .
apart from the sea and its attendant attractions , there is a wealth of elegant georgian and victorian [structure] , the pavilion , the dome , an aquarium and dolphinarium , the theatre royal , nine cinema screens , interesting shops and for the ‘ foody ’ — over three hundred restaurants .

It is an interesting town with several historical buildings including the Old Hall , where Mary Queen of Scots once stayed , and a wealth of fine Georgian architecture seen at its best in the famous Crescent .
it is an interesting town with several historical buildings including the old hall , where mary queen of scots once stayed , and a wealth of fine georgian [structure] seen at its best in the famous crescent .

Ten miles away at Ludlow you are bound to be impressed by its looming castle , the delightful mixture of Georgian and medieval architecture and the interesting museum of local history .
ten miles away at ludlow you are bound to be impressed by its looming castle , the delightful mixture of georgian and medieval [structure] and the interesting museum of local history .

Shrewsbury , 12 miles away , is a medieval town once built on its wool trade , and peppered with Tudor , Georgian and Queen Anne architecture .
shrewsbury , 12 miles away , is a medieval town once built on its wool trade , and peppered with tudor , georgian and queen anne [structure] .

Although it has been modernised , it remains an exceptional example of Victorian architecture with many of its original fixtures and fittings intact , including stained glass windows , ornate plaster ceilings , oak panelling and marble fireplaces .
although it has been modernised , it remains an exceptional example of victorian [structure] with many of its original fixtures and fittings intact , including stained glass windows , ornate plaster ceilings , oak panelling and marble fireplaces .

On the plasteel-panelled walls hung blurred holographic posters showing the exuberant , ostentatious architecture within the Palatine hive where the lord of Necromunda held court — and a view of a balloon-wheeled land-train traversing crimson and orange dunes of chemical residue in one of the ash deserts .
on the plasteel-panelled walls hung blurred holographic posters showing the exuberant , ostentatious [structure] within the palatine hive where the lord of necromunda held court — and a view of a balloon-wheeled land-train traversing crimson and orange dunes of chemical residue in one of the ash deserts .

Precision laser fire from an altitude would be reflected , scattered by the vitrodur shields of the city 's architecture .
precision laser fire from an altitude would be reflected , scattered by the vitrodur shields of the city 's [structure] .

Christina was interested too , and the two of them were in good spirits when Stephen drove into the dry , scrubby car park in front of the Crane Beach Hotel , which from that aspect seemed an unremarkable low-level with thirties undertones to the architecture .
christina was interested too , and the two of them were in good spirits when stephen drove into the dry , scrubby car park in front of the crane beach hotel , which from that aspect seemed an unremarkable low-level with thirties undertones to the [structure] .

Rodomonte hardly noticed the magnificent , unearthly architecture preserved so beautifully away from the squalls of the less temperate zones .
rodomonte hardly noticed the magnificent , unearthly [structure] preserved so beautifully away from the squalls of the less temperate zones .

This beginning of monumental sculpture in Greece accompanies a revival of monumental architecture and apparently also of painting .
this beginning of monumental sculpture in greece accompanies a revival of monumental [structure] and apparently also of painting .

In the case of architecture it is the idea that is seminal — little or nothing of the form is taken over ; but in sculpture what was to become the dominant type of Greek statue through the archaic period , the naked young man , kouros , owes a direct debt to Egyptian models .
in the case of [structure] it is the idea that is seminal — little or nothing of the form is taken over ; but in sculpture what was to become the dominant type of greek statue through the archaic period , the naked young man , kouros , owes a direct debt to egyptian models .

Monumental architecture in Greece was first developed in temples and long largely confined to sanctuaries ; and sculpture in the archaic period and even after is exclusively associated with religion .
monumental [structure] in greece was first developed in temples and long largely confined to sanctuaries ; and sculpture in the archaic period and even after is exclusively associated with religion .

The beginnings of monumental architecture and sculpture in Greece are evidenced by actual remains .
the beginnings of monumental [structure] and sculpture in greece are evidenced by actual remains .

In the age of monumentalisation a new architecture is created , in a radically redesigned temple : a long , narrow room , its focal point a cult-statue at the back looking out through an entrance-porch at the east end .
in the age of monumentalisation a new [structure] is created , in a radically redesigned temple : a long , narrow room , its focal point a cult-statue at the back looking out through an entrance-porch at the east end .

Painted terracotta decorations for architecture are found in all areas of Greece in the archaic period and later ; figure-work too , but that is far commoner in the west than in the rest of Greece and reaches its acme in Etruria .
painted terracotta decorations for [structure] are found in all areas of greece in the archaic period and later ; figure-work too , but that is far commoner in the west than in the rest of greece and reaches its acme in etruria .

The distinction can be interestingly explored in relation to the very large amount of art — painting , sculpture , architecture , music and ( in a different sense ) literature produced within the variable social relations of the Christian church .
the distinction can be interestingly explored in relation to the very large amount of art — painting , sculpture , [structure] , music and ( in a different sense ) literature produced within the variable social relations of the christian church .

However , these matters are not only the province of economics , architecture or planning .
however , these matters are not only the province of economics , [structure] or planning .

This is one of three sister committees , the other two being for Pastoral Rites and for Art and Architecture .
this is one of three sister committees , the other two being for pastoral rites and for art and [structure] .

( Council for the Care of Churches , 1990 ) ; to Organs in Churches , ( an unpublished paper for the Department of Art and Architecture in the Archdiocese of Liverpool ) by Mr. Terence Duffy ; and to a memorandum from Dr. John Webb .
( council for the care of churches , 1990 ) ; to organs in churches , ( an unpublished paper for the department of art and [structure] in the archdiocese of liverpool ) by mr. terence duffy ; and to a memorandum from dr. john webb .

Nevertheless , one finds that on the whole , ‘ professional ’ courses such as pharmacy , architecture and engineering ( and doubtless law if one classified its trainees as employed ) appear in the top half of Table 3.1 and the bottom half of Table 3.2 , and ‘ academic ’ courses , such as the natural sciences and the ‘ non-applied ’ arts and social sciences , appear in the bottom half of Table 3.1 and the top half of Table 3.2 .
nevertheless , one finds that on the whole , ‘ professional ’ courses such as pharmacy , [structure] and engineering ( and doubtless law if one classified its trainees as employed ) appear in the top half of table 3.1 and the bottom half of table 3.2 , and ‘ academic ’ courses , such as the natural sciences and the ‘ non-applied ’ arts and social sciences , appear in the bottom half of table 3.1 and the top half of table 3.2 .

Some problems seem peculiar to each profession : the balance between technology and human relations in medicine ; the relationship between the two branches of the legal profession ; the status of some branches of engineering ; the balance between generic and specialized social work ; the growing shortage of young nurses ; the low morale in teaching ; the uncertain identity of management ; the crisis of confidence in architecture .
some problems seem peculiar to each profession : the balance between technology and human relations in medicine ; the relationship between the two branches of the legal profession ; the status of some branches of engineering ; the balance between generic and specialized social work ; the growing shortage of young nurses ; the low morale in teaching ; the uncertain identity of management ; the crisis of confidence in [structure] .

It can refer to the growth of influence of the natural and social sciences as bodies of knowledge which underpin practice in fields such as medicine , pharmacy , agriculture , engineering , architecture or social work ; it can refer to the increased importance of mathematics or computing in some fields ; it can refer to the attempt to develop models or theories of practice itself , for example in the fields of management , nursing or teaching , or it may simply reflect the enlargement of the off-the-job element in professional education .
it can refer to the growth of influence of the natural and social sciences as bodies of knowledge which underpin practice in fields such as medicine , pharmacy , agriculture , engineering , [structure] or social work ; it can refer to the increased importance of mathematics or computing in some fields ; it can refer to the attempt to develop models or theories of practice itself , for example in the fields of management , nursing or teaching , or it may simply reflect the enlargement of the off-the-job element in professional education .

It seems to lie behind recently announced plans for a new ( private ) school of architecture which will train mainly through practice .
it seems to lie behind recently announced plans for a new ( private ) school of [structure] which will train mainly through practice .

Their examples are drawn from various professions , including architecture , planning and management .
their examples are drawn from various professions , including [structure] , planning and management .

, but professional fashions ( for example , in architecture , child-rearing and teaching ) can have far-reaching effects .
, but professional fashions ( for example , in [structure] , child-rearing and teaching ) can have far-reaching effects .

The goal was to establish a participative cultural and structural framework for future change ; and ‘ enabling architecture ’ premised on a strong sense of site and business identity .
the goal was to establish a participative cultural and structural framework for future change ; and ‘ enabling [structure] ’ premised on a strong sense of site and business identity .

Architecture also differs from language in its strict observation of its own rules and conventions , and in its sense of detail .
[structure] also differs from language in its strict observation of its own rules and conventions , and in its sense of detail .

For example , in language change occurs only in one part of the system at a time , while in aesthetics whole styles may alter , as in the transition from Gothic to Classical architecture .
for example , in language change occurs only in one part of the system at a time , while in aesthetics whole styles may alter , as in the transition from gothic to classical [structure] .

Colquhoun also notes the impossibility of abstracting some ‘ arbitrary ’ meaning outside of the spatial and functional context within which the materials of buildings operate , underlining particular differences such as the reliance of architecture upon self-referential and ‘ traditional ’ modes for its meaning ; in other words , its historicism .
colquhoun also notes the impossibility of abstracting some ‘ arbitrary ’ meaning outside of the spatial and functional context within which the materials of buildings operate , underlining particular differences such as the reliance of [structure] upon self-referential and ‘ traditional ’ modes for its meaning ; in other words , its historicism .

Once again , this division does not accord with political affiliation ; Baudrillard attacks Marx and Marxist assertions of natural utility with as much vehemence as contemporary critics attack modernist architecture as an elitist imposition of ideology upon the general public .
once again , this division does not accord with political affiliation ; baudrillard attacks marx and marxist assertions of natural utility with as much vehemence as contemporary critics attack modernist [structure] as an elitist imposition of ideology upon the general public .

Hillier and Hanson 1984 ) , and many others have investigated the social use of space with particular reference to architecture ( e.g .
hillier and hanson 1984 ) , and many others have investigated the social use of space with particular reference to [structure] ( e.g .

In this new world , all architecture , furnishing , clothing and behaviour are intended to relate to each other in a visibly coherent fashion .
in this new world , all [structure] , furnishing , clothing and behaviour are intended to relate to each other in a visibly coherent fashion .

The modernist council properties have long been one of the strongest fiefdoms of professionalized architecture , being extremely closely linked to development planning and local political interests , and subject to the intervention of both civic authorities and the state .
the modernist council properties have long been one of the strongest fiefdoms of professionalized [structure] , being extremely closely linked to development planning and local political interests , and subject to the intervention of both civic authorities and the state .

What is curious is that the members of this same dominant group which may be held responsible for the emergence of modernist architecture , and its appropriation by the state as an authority , do not , by and large , choose family homes of their own built in this style , which is clearly incompatible with their personal desires and images .
what is curious is that the members of this same dominant group which may be held responsible for the emergence of modernist [structure] , and its appropriation by the state as an authority , do not , by and large , choose family homes of their own built in this style , which is clearly incompatible with their personal desires and images .

The consumption of modernist architecture as residential form is almost entirely through state allocation .
the consumption of modernist [structure] as residential form is almost entirely through state allocation .

The consumers of this architecture , the council tenants , have been notoriously restricted in their ability to transform the façade of these dwellings .
the consumers of this [structure] , the council tenants , have been notoriously restricted in their ability to transform the façade of these dwellings .

This term usually refers either specifically to a movement in architecture which emphasizes a return to a popular façade based upon the design of mass commodities ( e.g .
this term usually refers either specifically to a movement in [structure] which emphasizes a return to a popular façade based upon the design of mass commodities ( e.g .

It is no accident that many of the terms used in critical discourse — ‘ structure ’ , ‘ aspect ’ , ‘ outlook ’ , even ‘ character ’ — are related to domestic architecture ; or that the titles of so many great nineteenth-century novels were taken from the houses at their centre — Mansfield Park , Wuthering Heights , Bleak House , The Mill on the Floss .
it is no accident that many of the terms used in critical discourse — ‘ structure ’ , ‘ aspect ’ , ‘ outlook ’ , even ‘ character ’ — are related to domestic [structure] ; or that the titles of so many great nineteenth-century novels were taken from the houses at their centre — mansfield park , wuthering heights , bleak house , the mill on the floss .

As that implies , Palladian architecture , which changed the face of England in the eighteenth century , is from one point of view a moral movement .
as that implies , palladian [structure] , which changed the face of england in the eighteenth century , is from one point of view a moral movement .

2 ) celebrating Marlborough 's great victory in 1704 , where architecture expresses pomp and circumstance , in favour of good sense , proportion , use , the harmony of a building with its site ( Fig .
2 ) celebrating marlborough 's great victory in 1704 , where [structure] expresses pomp and circumstance , in favour of good sense , proportion , use , the harmony of a building with its site ( fig .

Moreover , when its characters stay at home , the walls of their houses , though rarely described in any detail , reflect the values and aspirations of Palladian architecture .
moreover , when its characters stay at home , the walls of their houses , though rarely described in any detail , reflect the values and aspirations of palladian [structure] .

Even beyond the middle of the century , when Palladian architecture acquires some rivals , the description of houses does not become more frequent .
even beyond the middle of the century , when palladian [structure] acquires some rivals , the description of houses does not become more frequent .

This may relate to its revival in the garden , where the style , as architecture , first secured a footing .
this may relate to its revival in the garden , where the style , as [structure] , first secured a footing .

That problem , moreover , related not only to furnishing but to architecture , where the Rule of Taste was in similar disarray .
that problem , moreover , related not only to furnishing but to [structure] , where the rule of taste was in similar disarray .

In 1836 war was declared upon the pagan styles by Augustus Welby Northmore Pugin , whose father , Augustus Charles , had been a devoted student of genuine Gothic architecture in the 1820s .
in 1836 war was declared upon the pagan styles by augustus welby northmore pugin , whose father , augustus charles , had been a devoted student of genuine gothic [structure] in the 1820s .

Even in the Regency , when Gothic had grown popular in architecture and literature alike , ancient houses are unspecific , atmospheric settings for the heroines of Gothic novels , inducing a depression of the spirits , if not worse .
even in the regency , when gothic had grown popular in [structure] and literature alike , ancient houses are unspecific , atmospheric settings for the heroines of gothic novels , inducing a depression of the spirits , if not worse .

For most historians of architecture and decor this transition is regrettable , since it is marked by the collapse of taste ; but for the novelist it opens up many new territories for exploration .
for most historians of [structure] and decor this transition is regrettable , since it is marked by the collapse of taste ; but for the novelist it opens up many new territories for exploration .

It is not only that the social range of fiction becomes much more inclusive , allowing the writer to explore interiors that make no claim to architecture , but that living space itself develops individual character .
it is not only that the social range of fiction becomes much more inclusive , allowing the writer to explore interiors that make no claim to [structure] , but that living space itself develops individual character .

Neither good taste nor wealth , as its novelists keep telling us , can transform a house into a home , for a home does not consist in the quality of its architecture or decor , but in the quality of the lives that it expresses .
neither good taste nor wealth , as its novelists keep telling us , can transform a house into a home , for a home does not consist in the quality of its [structure] or decor , but in the quality of the lives that it expresses .

The First World War thus marks a real divide in the conception of fictional living space , a truth which perhaps is rather less evident in the history of architecture and interior design .
the first world war thus marks a real divide in the conception of fictional living space , a truth which perhaps is rather less evident in the history of [structure] and interior design .

Because such houses set the standard , those who write upon architecture in the eighteenth century and Regency invariably regard houses of moderate size for more limited means as a scaling down of the houses of the great .
because such houses set the standard , those who write upon [structure] in the eighteenth century and regency invariably regard houses of moderate size for more limited means as a scaling down of the houses of the great .

It may be significant , however , that Mr Allworthy 's house is Gothic , and thus belongs to an older pattern of society and architecture with a rather different idea of human community .
it may be significant , however , that mr allworthy 's house is gothic , and thus belongs to an older pattern of society and [structure] with a rather different idea of human community .

The lodge itself is still a feature in the landscape , possibly built in the style of the great house as those latticed panes would suggest ; but the family within it is to displace with its architecture the great houses of the Victorians , whether old or new .
the lodge itself is still a feature in the landscape , possibly built in the style of the great house as those latticed panes would suggest ; but the family within it is to displace with its [structure] the great houses of the victorians , whether old or new .

Their displacement was not however immediately perceptible even to a writer like Disraeli , who was critically interested both in the architecture and in the social function of great houses .
their displacement was not however immediately perceptible even to a writer like disraeli , who was critically interested both in the [structure] and in the social function of great houses .

There is for Fielding , as we have seen , a felt connection between the humane attitudes of Mr Allworthy and the genuine Gothic of his house whose ‘ air of grandeur … struck you with awe , and rivalled the beauties of the best Grecian architecture ’ .
there is for fielding , as we have seen , a felt connection between the humane attitudes of mr allworthy and the genuine gothic of his house whose ‘ air of grandeur … struck you with awe , and rivalled the beauties of the best grecian [structure] ’ .

Just as Robert Morris in 1736 recommended that the classical orders of architecture should be matched to the situation of a house ( Doric for open country , Ionic for the ‘ cheerful vale ’ , etc . )
just as robert morris in 1736 recommended that the classical orders of [structure] should be matched to the situation of a house ( doric for open country , ionic for the ‘ cheerful vale ’ , etc . )

Pugin 's advocacy of the Gothic as a Christian , not pagan , architecture , had given it moral overtones .
pugin 's advocacy of the gothic as a christian , not pagan , [structure] , had given it moral overtones .

The foundation of the Camden Society in 1839 had promoted much more careful study of medieval architecture .
the foundation of the camden society in 1839 had promoted much more careful study of medieval [structure] .

Mr Lyle , a Catholic and a commoner , has built St Genevieve , ‘ a pile of modern building in the finest style of Christian architecture ’ .
mr lyle , a catholic and a commoner , has built st genevieve , ‘ a pile of modern building in the finest style of christian [structure] ’ .

It is evident , nevertheless , that Disraeli 's comments on architecture in the trilogy , as distinct from The Young Duke , become evaluations of the society that produced such buildings ; and his comments on that society become , in their turn , a manifesto for his own time .
it is evident , nevertheless , that disraeli 's comments on [structure] in the trilogy , as distinct from the young duke , become evaluations of the society that produced such buildings ; and his comments on that society become , in their turn , a manifesto for his own time .

It is ironic both that the new architecture of the masses should eventually have ended the dominance of great houses , and that more ordinary men and women should have become protagonists in the novel , for these were not the developments , either in life or in art , that Disraeli had in mind .
it is ironic both that the new [structure] of the masses should eventually have ended the dominance of great houses , and that more ordinary men and women should have become protagonists in the novel , for these were not the developments , either in life or in art , that disraeli had in mind .

As was explained in the previous chapter , the architecture of upper-class housing itself became increasingly divisive .
as was explained in the previous chapter , the [structure] of upper-class housing itself became increasingly divisive .

Ironically , it was just as such images of contentment began to vanish that the taste for the picturesque caused the upper classes to fall in love with the idea of the cottage . The difference between Cobbett 's perspective and theirs , one often reflected in idealized contemporary painting , is indicated by the contrast between the direct , unmannered prose of Rural Rides , and James Malton 's distanced , florid sentences in his Essay on British Cottage Architecture in 1798 :
ironically , it was just as such images of contentment began to vanish that the taste for the picturesque caused the upper classes to fall in love with the idea of the cottage . the difference between cobbett 's perspective and theirs , one often reflected in idealized contemporary painting , is indicated by the contrast between the direct , unmannered prose of rural rides , and james malton 's distanced , florid sentences in his essay on british cottage [structure] in 1798 :

30 ) , was a thing of the past , not only because its architecture had largely been destroyed , but even more because the spirit that had animated it had been wholly lost .
30 ) , was a thing of the past , not only because its [structure] had largely been destroyed , but even more because the spirit that had animated it had been wholly lost .

All over England the enclosure of each area produced a local form of architecture and building materials for the farmhouses which date from this period .
all over england the enclosure of each area produced a local form of [structure] and building materials for the farmhouses which date from this period .

Public parks came in the 1840s , and public libraries a few years later ; later still perhaps the grandiose Town Hall , by no means always to be despised as architecture .
public parks came in the 1840s , and public libraries a few years later ; later still perhaps the grandiose town hall , by no means always to be despised as [structure] .

More important in producing new forms of urban life was the general prosperity of the late seventeenth and eighteenth centuries , coupled with new ideas of social life and architecture brought in from abroad .
more important in producing new forms of urban life was the general prosperity of the late seventeenth and eighteenth centuries , coupled with new ideas of social life and [structure] brought in from abroad .

But much exists in their architecture to tell us of the social conditions , wealth , success or decline of towns .
but much exists in their [structure] to tell us of the social conditions , wealth , success or decline of towns .

Milton Keynes can tell us a great deal about late twentieth-century hopes and aims in a democratic car-owning society , quite apart from having the best range of modern domestic architecture in England .
milton keynes can tell us a great deal about late twentieth-century hopes and aims in a democratic car-owning society , quite apart from having the best range of modern domestic [structure] in england .

The Spaniards have managed to build a supreme ugly restaurant-cum-souvenir-shop on their side of the frontier , in a style of architecture suggesting its easy conversion , should border warfare ever one day replace tourism , into a defence post .
the spaniards have managed to build a supreme ugly restaurant-cum-souvenir-shop on their side of the frontier , in a style of [structure] suggesting its easy conversion , should border warfare ever one day replace tourism , into a defence post .

The high bourgeois architecture of the apartment blocks on the town side of the Boulevard tea Pyrénées is worth turning about to see .
the high bourgeois [structure] of the apartment blocks on the town side of the boulevard tea pyrénées is worth turning about to see .

By the time Tennyson revisited Cauterets , in 1861 , what he thought of as a village he now found to be , in his less poetic moods , ‘ an odious watering-place ’ , and that is a transition you can readily enough trace in the architecture today .
by the time tennyson revisited cauterets , in 1861 , what he thought of as a village he now found to be , in his less poetic moods , ‘ an odious watering-place ’ , and that is a transition you can readily enough trace in the [structure] today .

The architecture of the Cité Religieuse is disagreeable .
the [structure] of the cité religieuse is disagreeable .

European Alexandria lingers on in the Italianate architecture , the long lines of balconies along the seafront , in the old shop signs in French and Arabic , in the Greek cafes like Trianon 's and Pastroudis with their air of idleness and neglect , and in old-fashioned pensions like the Hotel Normandie .
european alexandria lingers on in the italianate [structure] , the long lines of balconies along the seafront , in the old shop signs in french and arabic , in the greek cafes like trianon 's and pastroudis with their air of idleness and neglect , and in old-fashioned pensions like the hotel normandie .

There is more than a hint of classical Greece in the architecture , and the blue river seen through the sand-coloured columns gives it a Mediterranean freshness .
there is more than a hint of classical greece in the [structure] , and the blue river seen through the sand-coloured columns gives it a mediterranean freshness .

James Ballingall , manager of the London and Kirkaldy Shipping Company and a former seaman , made it his business to advertise weaknesses of naval architecture as well as crewing and a Select Committee of 1836 found British ships to be ill constructed and badly maintained and their masters and officers frequently drunken and incompetent .
james ballingall , manager of the london and kirkaldy shipping company and a former seaman , made it his business to advertise weaknesses of naval [structure] as well as crewing and a select committee of 1836 found british ships to be ill constructed and badly maintained and their masters and officers frequently drunken and incompetent .

Through the greens and gold rose the curved and painted outlines of Toraja architecture .
through the greens and gold rose the curved and painted outlines of toraja [structure] .

He had gone on to remark that the Toraja combined various features which were rarely found together : they had hunted heads , believed in a celestial origin , practised a primeval megalithism , built sophisticated architecture and produced a unique written ( or , rather , carved-and-painted ) language , which very few scholars can read .
he had gone on to remark that the toraja combined various features which were rarely found together : they had hunted heads , believed in a celestial origin , practised a primeval megalithism , built sophisticated [structure] and produced a unique written ( or , rather , carved-and-painted ) language , which very few scholars can read .

The history teacher was a Methodist from an East Yorkshire farming family who liked Baroque architecture , appreciated eighteenth century reason and read Vogue and Nova .
the history teacher was a methodist from an east yorkshire farming family who liked baroque [structure] , appreciated eighteenth century reason and read vogue and nova .

The opening of the Prince of Wales Institute for Architecture adds weight to the need for community involvement in urban design and to resource such involvement .
the opening of the prince of wales institute for [structure] adds weight to the need for community involvement in urban design and to resource such involvement .

And so he sat there , a tame lion , drumming his fingers , while Esther and Alix and Liz his wife chattered on , about scandals and liaisons , about breaking marriages and delinquent children , about Ivan the Terrible , about the Post-Impressionist exhibition at the Royal Academy , about the Arts Council , about the Beaubourg , about modernism in architecture , about Brian Bowen 's views on his reactionary boss at the Adult Education Institute , about what the word quango might be said to mean , about Kate Armstrong 's latest article on the single-parent family and child benefits : chatter , chatter , female chatter , unstructured , shimmering , malicious , appreciative , acute , indulgent , shifting , rapid , unpunctuated , glancing , a light bright surface ripple on a deeper current , and Charles sat on , biting his inner lip .
and so he sat there , a tame lion , drumming his fingers , while esther and alix and liz his wife chattered on , about scandals and liaisons , about breaking marriages and delinquent children , about ivan the terrible , about the post-impressionist exhibition at the royal academy , about the arts council , about the beaubourg , about modernism in [structure] , about brian bowen 's views on his reactionary boss at the adult education institute , about what the word quango might be said to mean , about kate armstrong 's latest article on the single-parent family and child benefits : chatter , chatter , female chatter , unstructured , shimmering , malicious , appreciative , acute , indulgent , shifting , rapid , unpunctuated , glancing , a light bright surface ripple on a deeper current , and charles sat on , biting his inner lip .

There are photos in here of the kind that win awards , articles that you would want to read even if you did n't have to take your mind off the fact that you might , you know , at any moment … One article alone — by Emily Gwathmey on the architecture of American cinemas — was worth the price of admission to the May/June issue ( although , of course , there is no price of admission unless you 're only flying to read the magazine ) .
there are photos in here of the kind that win awards , articles that you would want to read even if you did n't have to take your mind off the fact that you might , you know , at any moment … one article alone — by emily gwathmey on the [structure] of american cinemas — was worth the price of admission to the may/june issue ( although , of course , there is no price of admission unless you 're only flying to read the magazine ) .

and their architecture was Greek .
and their [structure] was greek .

Benjamin explains the fact that film reception seems to be not only critical but also ‘ distracted ’ , the form not only a succession of ‘ shocks ’ but also a wraparound cultural environment , by means of an analogy with architecture , ‘ prototype of a work of art the reception of which is consummated by a collectivity in a state of distraction ’ ( ibid : 241 ) .
benjamin explains the fact that film reception seems to be not only critical but also ‘ distracted ’ , the form not only a succession of ‘ shocks ’ but also a wraparound cultural environment , by means of an analogy with [structure] , ‘ prototype of a work of art the reception of which is consummated by a collectivity in a state of distraction ’ ( ibid : 241 ) .

Architecture , he argues , has always been assimilated not by attention but by habit .
[structure] , he argues , has always been assimilated not by attention but by habit .

It is clear that architecture is not altogether the same as a film or a song : for instance , both the latter make use of performers — more crucially , stars .
it is clear that [structure] is not altogether the same as a film or a song : for instance , both the latter make use of performers — more crucially , stars .

Again , he failed to appreciate that the conspicuous consumption which was the fruit of successful emulation was not as invariably absurd as he made out , or that in the course of history world-wide they were responsible for the greatest architecture and other manifestations of high art .
again , he failed to appreciate that the conspicuous consumption which was the fruit of successful emulation was not as invariably absurd as he made out , or that in the course of history world-wide they were responsible for the greatest [structure] and other manifestations of high art .

Similarly , his views on architecture , education and social issues have brought him much closer to the man in the street than any of his relatives .
similarly , his views on [structure] , education and social issues have brought him much closer to the man in the street than any of his relatives .

However , according to esteemed French critic Olivier Boissière , ‘ common sense made him turn to architecture ’ .
however , according to esteemed french critic olivier boissière , ‘ common sense made him turn to [structure] ’ .

But , as in life when you enter a room that has balance and shape in its architecture , it is something that has a subtle and decidedly enhancing effect .
but , as in life when you enter a room that has balance and shape in its [structure] , it is something that has a subtle and decidedly enhancing effect .

The genius of the Dalmatians showed itself particularly in architecture , sculpture and literature , and their artistic output was sustained over many centuries from the builders of the early Christian churches of the seventh and eighth centuries to the eighteenth-century cathedral of Dubrovnik , and from Historia Salonitana , by the thirteenth-century Thomas , Archdeacon of Split , to the black comedies of Vlaho Stulli-Stulić , written in the closing years of the Ragusan republic and still performed today .
the genius of the dalmatians showed itself particularly in [structure] , sculpture and literature , and their artistic output was sustained over many centuries from the builders of the early christian churches of the seventh and eighth centuries to the eighteenth-century cathedral of dubrovnik , and from historia salonitana , by the thirteenth-century thomas , archdeacon of split , to the black comedies of vlaho stulli-stulić , written in the closing years of the ragusan republic and still performed today .

Architecture and sculpture
[structure] and sculpture

Although the art of painting was not as well developed as architecture and sculpture , there were , nevertheless , a number of Slav artists from the Adriatic coastlands who displayed considerable talent and whose works are to be found in church frescoes and other paintings on both the Italian and eastern shores .
although the art of painting was not as well developed as [structure] and sculpture , there were , nevertheless , a number of slav artists from the adriatic coastlands who displayed considerable talent and whose works are to be found in church frescoes and other paintings on both the italian and eastern shores .

The Doctor and Ace sprinted downwards through tunnels of increasingly obviously artificial , but increasingly bizarre and twisted architecture , the Doctor having taken from his pocket some kind of homing device , though he did n't say what it was homing in on .
the doctor and ace sprinted downwards through tunnels of increasingly obviously artificial , but increasingly bizarre and twisted [structure] , the doctor having taken from his pocket some kind of homing device , though he did n't say what it was homing in on .

You can also pick subjects from one of six areas — art , science , literature , architecture , nature and ecology — represented by icons at the top .
you can also pick subjects from one of six areas — art , science , literature , [structure] , nature and ecology — represented by icons at the top .

The architecture and science sections are also pretty good .
the [structure] and science sections are also pretty good .

Cervical intraepithelial neoplasia is a morphologically defined lesion associated with the development of cervical carcinoma and is conventionally separated into three grades according to the severity of cytological abnormality and disturbance of the epithelial architecture .
cervical intraepithelial neoplasia is a morphologically defined lesion associated with the development of cervical carcinoma and is conventionally separated into three grades according to the severity of cytological abnormality and disturbance of the epithelial [structure] .

Turn left and come to the Wasserkirche , the Water Church , as lovely a piece of late Gothic architecture as you could wish to see .
turn left and come to the wasserkirche , the water church , as lovely a piece of late gothic [structure] as you could wish to see .

The architecture of the Grossmunster ranges from the eleventh to eighteenth centuries , and once more there is some Giacometti stained glass .
the [structure] of the grossmunster ranges from the eleventh to eighteenth centuries , and once more there is some giacometti stained glass .

It lies on an estate run by the Ital-Reding Foundation , and its main building is the Ital-Reding mansion , built in 1609 , which combines features that are typical of local farmhouse architecture with baroque trends befitting the town houses of families of that era which had `` done well `` in mercenary service abroad .
it lies on an estate run by the ital-reding foundation , and its main building is the ital-reding mansion , built in 1609 , which combines features that are typical of local farmhouse [structure] with baroque trends befitting the town houses of families of that era which had `` done well `` in mercenary service abroad .

Sunrise , which filters a wonderful golden hue upon the shell of the architecture , is perhaps best shot from the far side of the harbour , from Farm Cove , almost at the end of Mrs Macquaries Point .
sunrise , which filters a wonderful golden hue upon the shell of the [structure] , is perhaps best shot from the far side of the harbour , from farm cove , almost at the end of mrs macquaries point .

Box 16 Urban decay in the 1980s So much of the inner city 's essence was enacted here : two people , both , as it happened , with no work , imprisoned in squalid architecture , loudly destroying each other and their children .
box 16 urban decay in the 1980s so much of the inner city 's essence was enacted here : two people , both , as it happened , with no work , imprisoned in squalid [structure] , loudly destroying each other and their children .

The script identifies the city as a vast ‘ magical architecture ’ .
the script identifies the city as a vast ‘ magical [structure] ’ .

Leningrad 's architecture is similar to that of Paris , but although splendid , it is in a general state of dilapidation .
leningrad 's [structure] is similar to that of paris , but although splendid , it is in a general state of dilapidation .

She had been studying architecture in Paris when he first met her in 1958 .
she had been studying [structure] in paris when he first met her in 1958 .

Part cool technological fantasy — like the City 's macho high tec architecture ; part children 's tea party — jelly beyond ones wildest dreams ; part culinary icon — the associations of mixing bowl factory production line , and market stall symbolise the lives and concerns of the men , women and children who lived and worked at Spitalfields .
part cool technological fantasy — like the city 's macho high tec [structure] ; part children 's tea party — jelly beyond ones wildest dreams ; part culinary icon — the associations of mixing bowl factory production line , and market stall symbolise the lives and concerns of the men , women and children who lived and worked at spitalfields .

The organisers stated : ‘ Our self-set pre-condition to make use of these non-museal living spaces and workshops for our projects is to consider in each of the exhibition concepts the residents and history of this part of the city : former Jewish district which today may be rundown and falling apart , but which , in the long run , will belong to the government district of an emerging capital with modern architecture .
the organisers stated : ‘ our self-set pre-condition to make use of these non-museal living spaces and workshops for our projects is to consider in each of the exhibition concepts the residents and history of this part of the city : former jewish district which today may be rundown and falling apart , but which , in the long run , will belong to the government district of an emerging capital with modern [structure] .

700–799 The arts architecture , drawing , painting , music , cinema , theatre , hobbies , sport
700–799 the arts [structure] , drawing , painting , music , cinema , theatre , hobbies , sport

The structure dominates a central area of the city where developers have built a new Transi-plaza-the kind whose exterior architecture and landscaping is hologrammic , altering entirely ( but superficially ) every twenty-four bio-hours .
the structure dominates a central area of the city where developers have built a new transi-plaza-the kind whose exterior [structure] and landscaping is hologrammic , altering entirely ( but superficially ) every twenty-four bio-hours .

The house was an excellent example of late seventeenth-century domestic architecture , a three-storey brick mansion with a hipped roof and four dormer windows , the centre three-bay projection surmounted by a pediment with a richly carved cornice and medallions .
the house was an excellent example of late seventeenth-century domestic [structure] , a three-storey brick mansion with a hipped roof and four dormer windows , the centre three-bay projection surmounted by a pediment with a richly carved cornice and medallions .

Built in the revivalist Gothic style , popular in the Victorian period as a Board school , they are located on a rise in the manner of the medieval churches the architecture celebrates .
built in the revivalist gothic style , popular in the victorian period as a board school , they are located on a rise in the manner of the medieval churches the [structure] celebrates .

‘ There 's no other person who would first fall in love with a house and then do up the house inspired by its period details , putting everything in its proper place according to the house 's architecture , history and setting .
‘ there 's no other person who would first fall in love with a house and then do up the house inspired by its period details , putting everything in its proper place according to the house 's [structure] , history and setting .

From an outer façade of imposing honey-gold limestone and carved wooden balconies they 'd stepped into a world of contrasts , the latest modern technology against the sixteenth-century splendour of Maltese architecture .
from an outer façade of imposing honey-gold limestone and carved wooden balconies they 'd stepped into a world of contrasts , the latest modern technology against the sixteenth-century splendour of maltese [structure] .

In the life-givingness of words , Architecture and Building possess the loveliest vocabularies : chamfer , aedicule , caryatid , quoin , hammerbeam , oriel , newel , mandorla , garth — a music unto itself .
in the life-givingness of words , [structure] and building possess the loveliest vocabularies : chamfer , aedicule , caryatid , quoin , hammerbeam , oriel , newel , mandorla , garth — a music unto itself .

Colleges on one side , sweet-cheeked houses on the other , and ahead an old municipal building ; the architecture of the larger properties , though varied , is still Sir Walter Scott-gothic .
colleges on one side , sweet-cheeked houses on the other , and ahead an old municipal building ; the [structure] of the larger properties , though varied , is still sir walter scott-gothic .

The imposed regularity of the architecture gives the village its still pleasant air , an unexpected oasis of prosperous history , almost a tiny Edinburgh among the trees .
the imposed regularity of the [structure] gives the village its still pleasant air , an unexpected oasis of prosperous history , almost a tiny edinburgh among the trees .

The drinking-horn of Rorie More ; his Cascade in the gardens ; the means by which attention is drawn to cannon and architecture ; the tight directions which the visitor must follow — this is no casual throwing-open for the curious and homageous , this is big business , as at Cawdor , although less kempt .
the drinking-horn of rorie more ; his cascade in the gardens ; the means by which attention is drawn to cannon and [structure] ; the tight directions which the visitor must follow — this is no casual throwing-open for the curious and homageous , this is big business , as at cawdor , although less kempt .

His business today includes course architecture and not , it seems , teaching the game he played with such flair .
his business today includes course [structure] and not , it seems , teaching the game he played with such flair .

This property has been built with properly sloping roofs and mountain architecture .
this property has been built with properly sloping roofs and mountain [structure] .

The much-praised new ski area at Aonach Mor near Fort William which opened last season has picked up two more awards in the close season , including one for architecture .
the much-praised new ski area at aonach mor near fort william which opened last season has picked up two more awards in the close season , including one for [structure] .

From the stately architecture of historic St. Catharine 's to London 's chic boutiques , you 'll discover a lively blend of music , culture , food and nightlife in all our cities .
from the stately [structure] of historic st. catharine 's to london 's chic boutiques , you 'll discover a lively blend of music , culture , food and nightlife in all our cities .

Which is your favourite piece of architecture ?
which is your favourite piece of [structure] ?

The museum tells the story of the City and the University : history , archaeology , architecture and environment , and is the starting point for anyone who wants to learn more about Oxford .
the museum tells the story of the city and the university : history , archaeology , [structure] and environment , and is the starting point for anyone who wants to learn more about oxford .

April 1 — May 27 : Devetsil : Czech Avant-Garde Art , Architecture and Design in the 1920s and '30s .
april 1 — may 27 : devetsil : czech avant-garde art , [structure] and design in the 1920s and '30s .

Some people find it hard to accept modern works of art in ancient settings , but in fact much of the special attraction of many historic gardens comes from the several chronological layers of their architecture , planting and ornaments .
some people find it hard to accept modern works of art in ancient settings , but in fact much of the special attraction of many historic gardens comes from the several chronological layers of their [structure] , planting and ornaments .

The towns illustrate the best of early Russian art and architecture .
the towns illustrate the best of early russian art and [structure] .

She identified areas of special interest — Greece and Rome , popular science , cathedral architecture , arctic exploration — and burrowed happily away ; she reconsidered herself and others through the lens of that well-constructed lie that is a good novel .
she identified areas of special interest — greece and rome , popular science , cathedral [structure] , arctic exploration — and burrowed happily away ; she reconsidered herself and others through the lens of that well-constructed lie that is a good novel .

At a time when what would seem to have been a ‘ Carolingian connection ’ can be identified in insular art , architecture and archaeology , a Carolingian emphasis on the importance of increasing the number of metropolitans and re-establishing metropolitan authority is likely to have created a context by the mid-780s for consideration of the situation in the Anglo-Saxon Church where the archbishop of Canterbury presided over as many as twelve suffragans .
at a time when what would seem to have been a ‘ carolingian connection ’ can be identified in insular art , [structure] and archaeology , a carolingian emphasis on the importance of increasing the number of metropolitans and re-establishing metropolitan authority is likely to have created a context by the mid-780s for consideration of the situation in the anglo-saxon church where the archbishop of canterbury presided over as many as twelve suffragans .

It can be argued that town planning has its origins in the early cities of , say , Egypt or Mexico , or in the architecture of Renaissance Europe .
it can be argued that town planning has its origins in the early cities of , say , egypt or mexico , or in the [structure] of renaissance europe .

63 ) : at New Earswick , Letchworth and Hampstead , where traditions of vernacular architecture , linked to new forms of residential layout dictated by informality , open space and densities lower than had been the norm , provided both a practical base for a newly developing profession and a rallying cry for the future .
63 ) : at new earswick , letchworth and hampstead , where traditions of vernacular [structure] , linked to new forms of residential layout dictated by informality , open space and densities lower than had been the norm , provided both a practical base for a newly developing profession and a rallying cry for the future .

This sense of the need to depart from the past was reinforced by a prevailing sense of gloom in certain intellectual quarters about the city ; over time this informed the professions of architecture and town planning in particular .
this sense of the need to depart from the past was reinforced by a prevailing sense of gloom in certain intellectual quarters about the city ; over time this informed the professions of [structure] and town planning in particular .

In the twentieth century the field of concern for architecture broadened to the everyday living environment ; housing for example was no longer a question of designing a single house , or even a group , but a whole estate or neighbourhood .
in the twentieth century the field of concern for [structure] broadened to the everyday living environment ; housing for example was no longer a question of designing a single house , or even a group , but a whole estate or neighbourhood .

Between the wars the idea of modern architecture was a heroic adventure which could actually improve man 's condition .
between the wars the idea of modern [structure] was a heroic adventure which could actually improve man 's condition .

But in Europe particularly , town planning and architecture were in relative turmoil , invigorated with new concepts ( Ostrowski , 1970 ) .
but in europe particularly , town planning and [structure] were in relative turmoil , invigorated with new concepts ( ostrowski , 1970 ) .

There was an enormous gap between the possibilities of radical architecture and the strategic thinking of a few academic planners on the one hand , and the practical capabilities of planning staffs at local government level , on the other .
there was an enormous gap between the possibilities of radical [structure] and the strategic thinking of a few academic planners on the one hand , and the practical capabilities of planning staffs at local government level , on the other .

Finally , the architecture of mixed development was put forward officially in the Housing manual 1944 .
finally , the [structure] of mixed development was put forward officially in the housing manual 1944 .

As we have seen , the ideals of private suburbia were deeply rooted , particularly in England , and in design terms the Unwinesque tradition of vernacular cottage architecture and the predilection for low-density layouts had been articulated in the inter-war council estate .
as we have seen , the ideals of private suburbia were deeply rooted , particularly in england , and in design terms the unwinesque tradition of vernacular cottage [structure] and the predilection for low-density layouts had been articulated in the inter-war council estate .

At the extreme from Richards stood Sir Charles Reilly , Professor of Architecture at Liverpool .
at the extreme from richards stood sir charles reilly , professor of [structure] at liverpool .

In the event , post-war council-house architecture and estate layout has been much more pragmatic and the course of their evolving styles not without its many surprises .
in the event , post-war council-house [structure] and estate layout has been much more pragmatic and the course of their evolving styles not without its many surprises .

There was no suggestion that local authorities should slavishly copy standard designs , but council-house architecture nevertheless received a considerable stamp of uniformity .
there was no suggestion that local authorities should slavishly copy standard designs , but council-house [structure] nevertheless received a considerable stamp of uniformity .

All major urban areas participated with enthusiasm , with political support to professional interests to engage in this activity : not only local authority housing , architecture and planning departments , which bolstered political pride in identification with a popular value of sweeping away the past and building anew , but also the construction industry which had the windfall of long-term contracts .
all major urban areas participated with enthusiasm , with political support to professional interests to engage in this activity : not only local authority housing , [structure] and planning departments , which bolstered political pride in identification with a popular value of sweeping away the past and building anew , but also the construction industry which had the windfall of long-term contracts .

But after 40 years of post-war public sector housing there is now evidence of widespread rejection , and some community groups are looking to the promise of community architecture ( Wates and Knevitt , 1987 ) .
but after 40 years of post-war public sector housing there is now evidence of widespread rejection , and some community groups are looking to the promise of community [structure] ( wates and knevitt , 1987 ) .

The origin of this new movement lay in the protestations of community-based voluntary groups concerned with their perceptions of the anti-social effects of conventional architecture and planning .
the origin of this new movement lay in the protestations of community-based voluntary groups concerned with their perceptions of the anti-social effects of conventional [structure] and planning .

In the late 1980s we now see town planning and architecture — shapers of the housing environment — charged with professional disrepute : once the great hope of being effective providers of an environment of social purpose , the two professions have been derided for giving the public the wrong thing , and in the wrong manner .
in the late 1980s we now see town planning and [structure] — shapers of the housing environment — charged with professional disrepute : once the great hope of being effective providers of an environment of social purpose , the two professions have been derided for giving the public the wrong thing , and in the wrong manner .

They helped to popularize , particularly in the first generation New Towns , a brick-and-tile vernacular architecture which evolved from a Scandinavian style , eminently suitable for standard components and standard layouts set by cost targets .
they helped to popularize , particularly in the first generation new towns , a brick-and-tile vernacular [structure] which evolved from a scandinavian style , eminently suitable for standard components and standard layouts set by cost targets .

The new scale of architecture has since posed insuperable problems ; and the earlier view that town planning could provide a protective shield of refinement over new development and so avoid the brash , the banal and the ugly , was not to be .
the new scale of [structure] has since posed insuperable problems ; and the earlier view that town planning could provide a protective shield of refinement over new development and so avoid the brash , the banal and the ugly , was not to be .

The term ‘ traffic architecture ’ was coined to capture the idea of building and circulation systems designed together as a single , comprehensive process , albeit with huge cost implications .
the term ‘ traffic [structure] ’ was coined to capture the idea of building and circulation systems designed together as a single , comprehensive process , albeit with huge cost implications .

If any one of us had been touching a wall above ground we 'd have been part of the bloody architecture by now .
if any one of us had been touching a wall above ground we 'd have been part of the bloody [structure] by now .

Any fire resisting compartment wall , and in fact , the architecture of the building as a whole should be designed and positioned with this in mind .
any fire resisting compartment wall , and in fact , the [structure] of the building as a whole should be designed and positioned with this in mind .

Neither of these two methods , both of which are widely implemented on almost every computer architecture , addresses the third artform , technical illustration .
neither of these two methods , both of which are widely implemented on almost every computer [structure] , addresses the third artform , technical illustration .

If your profession involves architecture , cartography or professional illustration in either the technical or science field then this will be £165 very well spent indeed .
if your profession involves [structure] , cartography or professional illustration in either the technical or science field then this will be £165 very well spent indeed .

Moreover , the outstanding East Anglian barns like the Paston barn near North Walsham in Norfolk or the Framsden Hall barn in Suffolk , show how important these old farm buildings are from the standpoint of medieval architecture .
moreover , the outstanding east anglian barns like the paston barn near north walsham in norfolk or the framsden hall barn in suffolk , show how important these old farm buildings are from the standpoint of medieval [structure] .

To him initially was due the greater unity of design in English architecture of the later middle ages .
to him initially was due the greater unity of design in english [structure] of the later middle ages .

This work , now destroyed or altered , was remarkably innovative , the architect creating the first great baroque ensemble in England , combining architecture , carving ( by Grinling Gibbons , q.v . )
this work , now destroyed or altered , was remarkably innovative , the architect creating the first great baroque ensemble in england , combining [structure] , carving ( by grinling gibbons , q.v . )

That another son , John , subscribed to the Treatise on the Five Orders of Architecture ( 1787 ) by George Richardson , a draughtsman for the Adam firm , suggests connections with the book trade and architectural circles .
that another son , john , subscribed to the treatise on the five orders of [structure] ( 1787 ) by george richardson , a draughtsman for the adam firm , suggests connections with the book trade and architectural circles .

Characteristic of the style are the use of rich , warm colours , skilful treatment of architecture , and painterly modelling of the human figure .
characteristic of the style are the use of rich , warm colours , skilful treatment of [structure] , and painterly modelling of the human figure .

Arriving in Australia in 1814 , however , he quickly resumed his profession and became the virtual father of Australian architecture .
arriving in australia in 1814 , however , he quickly resumed his profession and became the virtual father of australian [structure] .

In the course of a long career he became the leading locally based figure in the architecture of the town during the later seventeenth century and the beginning of the eighteenth , being involved in many of the collegiate building projects of the period .
in the course of a long career he became the leading locally based figure in the [structure] of the town during the later seventeenth century and the beginning of the eighteenth , being involved in many of the collegiate building projects of the period .

The contact with Wren is of particular interest in that it provided an influence on his own architectural style , to be seen , for example , in the Clare north range ; but otherwise his designs display a pleasant artisan manner rather than a full understanding of the grammar of classical architecture .
the contact with wren is of particular interest in that it provided an influence on his own architectural style , to be seen , for example , in the clare north range ; but otherwise his designs display a pleasant artisan manner rather than a full understanding of the grammar of classical [structure] .

The sum of the projects with which Morris was involved represents a major contribution to more than one strand of eighteenth-century architecture .
the sum of the projects with which morris was involved represents a major contribution to more than one strand of eighteenth-century [structure] .

, who in the dedication to his Lectures on Architecture ( 1734 ) acknowledged the ‘ erudition ’ he had received in Roger 's service .
, who in the dedication to his lectures on [structure] ( 1734 ) acknowledged the ‘ erudition ’ he had received in roger 's service .

At The Vyne in 1770 , however , he constructed a spectacular staircase within the former great hall , a tour de force which Walpole accurately described as ‘ theatric ’ — meaning after the manner of stage design — and which has no parallels in English country-house architecture .
at the vyne in 1770 , however , he constructed a spectacular staircase within the former great hall , a tour de force which walpole accurately described as ‘ theatric ’ — meaning after the manner of stage design — and which has no parallels in english country-house [structure] .

The turning-point in what became a distinguished career came on 22 February 1897 , when he started work in the drawing office of the Metropolitan Railway Company at Neasden works , where he pursued both mechanics and architecture , being ultimately appointed as assistant to the chief surveyor and architect .
the turning-point in what became a distinguished career came on 22 february 1897 , when he started work in the drawing office of the metropolitan railway company at neasden works , where he pursued both mechanics and [structure] , being ultimately appointed as assistant to the chief surveyor and architect .

As designer of the exhibition of British industrial art in the home at the Dorland Hall , London , in 1933 and the contemporary industrial art in the home exhibition ( 1934 ) in the same hall , Hill promoted modernism in architecture and household objects .
as designer of the exhibition of british industrial art in the home at the dorland hall , london , in 1933 and the contemporary industrial art in the home exhibition ( 1934 ) in the same hall , hill promoted modernism in [structure] and household objects .

He wrote several books on architecture , notably English Country Houses : Caroline 1625–1685 ( with John Cornforth , 1966 ) .
he wrote several books on [structure] , notably english country houses : caroline 1625–1685 ( with john cornforth , 1966 ) .

His work at Canterbury influenced later English architecture , for example , at Glastonbury Abbey and Chichester Cathedral .
his work at canterbury influenced later english [structure] , for example , at glastonbury abbey and chichester cathedral .

In these works , together with the great conservatory at Syon House ( 1827–30 ) , Fowler spanned the rapidly widening gap between architecture and civil engineering .
in these works , together with the great conservatory at syon house ( 1827–30 ) , fowler spanned the rapidly widening gap between [structure] and civil engineering .

Inevitably , given his association with building projects , his work on Becket 's shrine , the fact that Matthew Paris preserved Elias 's drawing of a wind-rose , and since most of his employers were renowned as patrons of cathedral or monastic architecture , Elias of Dereham has been canvassed as one of the principal influences in the development of early thirteenth-century English Gothic .
inevitably , given his association with building projects , his work on becket 's shrine , the fact that matthew paris preserved elias 's drawing of a wind-rose , and since most of his employers were renowned as patrons of cathedral or monastic [structure] , elias of dereham has been canvassed as one of the principal influences in the development of early thirteenth-century english gothic .

But in 1926 , as a result of family pressure , he enrolled at the London School of Architecture .
but in 1926 , as a result of family pressure , he enrolled at the london school of [structure] .

He practised architecture as a pastime rather than as a full-time profession .
he practised [structure] as a pastime rather than as a full-time profession .

In the brief memoir of his life , which prefixes his posthumously published An Historical Essay on the Original of Painting ( 1728 ) , Bell 's travels are said to have ‘ conduced very much to his Improvement ’ in architecture , the ‘ Mistress of … ( his ) Affections ’ .
in the brief memoir of his life , which prefixes his posthumously published an historical essay on the original of painting ( 1728 ) , bell 's travels are said to have ‘ conduced very much to his improvement ’ in [structure] , the ‘ mistress of … ( his ) affections ’ .

Samuel 's career included business as a carpenter and timber merchant as well as architecture , in which he was predominantly concerned with country houses .
samuel 's career included business as a carpenter and timber merchant as well as [structure] , in which he was predominantly concerned with country houses .

Miller 's excursions into architecture were in essence a facet of his active social life — which through his patron at Hagley ( George , first Baron Lyttelton , q.v . )
miller 's excursions into [structure] were in essence a facet of his active social life — which through his patron at hagley ( george , first baron lyttelton , q.v . )

He then worked for eighteen months in the Southampton naval works before returning to Glasgow late in 1891 as an assistant lecturer in naval architecture and marine engineering at the university , and it was soon after this that his intensive study of the design of bird-like gliders began .
he then worked for eighteen months in the southampton naval works before returning to glasgow late in 1891 as an assistant lecturer in naval [structure] and marine engineering at the university , and it was soon after this that his intensive study of the design of bird-like gliders began .

Writing in 1900 , the German architect and critic Hermann Muthesius identified as one of the most significant developments in European architecture the tendency of certain British architects towards what he described as a ‘ modern ’ style , which referred to no tradition , and created a new architectural language of space and mass .
writing in 1900 , the german architect and critic hermann muthesius identified as one of the most significant developments in european [structure] the tendency of certain british architects towards what he described as a ‘ modern ’ style , which referred to no tradition , and created a new architectural language of space and mass .

Why he did not sustain the promise of the works of the 1890s is not clear , though it is certainly connected with the change to a much more conservative and less experimental architectural climate in Britain in the 1900s , when there was a revival of baroque and French Renaissance architecture ; it may also be to do with Townsend 's own equivocal and confused attitude towards the value of architectural traditions .
why he did not sustain the promise of the works of the 1890s is not clear , though it is certainly connected with the change to a much more conservative and less experimental architectural climate in britain in the 1900s , when there was a revival of baroque and french renaissance [structure] ; it may also be to do with townsend 's own equivocal and confused attitude towards the value of architectural traditions .

Returning to England in December 1772 , he exhibited at the Society of Artists from 1774 to 1778 and his first recorded employment — minor work in London — belongs to this period ; then in 1779–80 he published a volume of Original Designs in Architecture , Consisting of Plans … for Villas , Mansions , Town Houses , which was evidently intended as an advertisement for his talents , and thereafter he developed a modestly successful practice mainly as a country-house architect in the south-east of England .
returning to england in december 1772 , he exhibited at the society of artists from 1774 to 1778 and his first recorded employment — minor work in london — belongs to this period ; then in 1779–80 he published a volume of original designs in [structure] , consisting of plans … for villas , mansions , town houses , which was evidently intended as an advertisement for his talents , and thereafter he developed a modestly successful practice mainly as a country-house architect in the south-east of england .

He remained with Champneys until 1880 , but it soon became clear that architecture would never be his chief preoccupation .
he remained with champneys until 1880 , but it soon became clear that [structure] would never be his chief preoccupation .

Two years later Mawson became the first president of the Institute of Landscape Architecture .
two years later mawson became the first president of the institute of landscape [structure] .

He later wrote that he had developed ‘ an unbounded admiration for the works of the most refined art in painting , sculpture and architecture , with which [ Rome ] then abounded … These were the seductive amusements of my youth : they have clung to me through a long life , and they are now the solace of my old age .
he later wrote that he had developed ‘ an unbounded admiration for the works of the most refined art in painting , sculpture and [structure] , with which [ rome ] then abounded … these were the seductive amusements of my youth : they have clung to me through a long life , and they are now the solace of my old age .

In that year he extended his syllabus by adding architecture , magnetics , and astronomy to the standard topics of mechanics , hydrostatics , pneumatics , and optics .
in that year he extended his syllabus by adding [structure] , magnetics , and astronomy to the standard topics of mechanics , hydrostatics , pneumatics , and optics .

The earliest printed account of his collection dates from 1761 : it lists sixty-five pictures and records a collection of ‘ about 12,000 prints , engraved and etched by the most celebrated masters of the three last centuries … They are contained in 50 large volumes , besides above 60 volumes in sculpture and architecture .
the earliest printed account of his collection dates from 1761 : it lists sixty-five pictures and records a collection of ‘ about 12,000 prints , engraved and etched by the most celebrated masters of the three last centuries … they are contained in 50 large volumes , besides above 60 volumes in sculpture and [structure] .

Thereafter it appears that Haycock himself rather than his father was the main architect member of the firm , although , in partnership with his brother Robert , he continued to engage in building as well as architecture until c .1845 , after which he practised as an architect only .
thereafter it appears that haycock himself rather than his father was the main architect member of the firm , although , in partnership with his brother robert , he continued to engage in building as well as [structure] until c .1845 , after which he practised as an architect only .

1823 ) and Villa Architecture , a Collection of Views , with Plans , of Buildings executed in England , Scotland … ( 1828 ) .
1823 ) and villa [structure] , a collection of views , with plans , of buildings executed in england , scotland … ( 1828 ) .

He received his initial training in architecture from James Massie ( d .
he received his initial training in [structure] from james massie ( d .

Simpson also dominated architecture in the north-east of Scotland .
simpson also dominated [structure] in the north-east of scotland .

The sombre , restrained tonality of Methuen 's paintings , the rough , broken touch , and the emphasis on contour in the rendering of architecture obviously come from Sickert , but the artistic personality that he developed was quite distinctive .
the sombre , restrained tonality of methuen 's paintings , the rough , broken touch , and the emphasis on contour in the rendering of [structure] obviously come from sickert , but the artistic personality that he developed was quite distinctive .

He had a strong feeling for architecture , as for natural history , and his preferred subjects were urban views and outdoor scenes with buildings , animals , and plants , notably the magnolias and orchids which he cultivated at Corsham .
he had a strong feeling for [structure] , as for natural history , and his preferred subjects were urban views and outdoor scenes with buildings , animals , and plants , notably the magnolias and orchids which he cultivated at corsham .

Here Anderson won a number of prizes for measured drawings of historic Scots architecture .
here anderson won a number of prizes for measured drawings of historic scots [structure] .

Believing that architectural beauty derived largely from functional and structural efficiency , Anderson constantly attacked the exponents of the Scots Baronial style , and thus ushered in a new era of refinement in Scottish architecture .
believing that architectural beauty derived largely from functional and structural efficiency , anderson constantly attacked the exponents of the scots baronial style , and thus ushered in a new era of refinement in scottish [structure] .

Emberton showed the influence of Dutch modern architecture in the façade added to New Empire Hall , Olympia ( 1930 ) .
emberton showed the influence of dutch modern [structure] in the façade added to new empire hall , olympia ( 1930 ) .

Although a believer in raj paternalism , Havell 's aesthetically radical , anti-Renaissance , arts and crafts tenets , and his synthetic vision of architecture as unifying all the different traditional arts of India , helped undermine the primacy of salon art in India , hitherto identified as one of the triumphs of the raj westernization of the subcontinent .
although a believer in raj paternalism , havell 's aesthetically radical , anti-renaissance , arts and crafts tenets , and his synthetic vision of [structure] as unifying all the different traditional arts of india , helped undermine the primacy of salon art in india , hitherto identified as one of the triumphs of the raj westernization of the subcontinent .

He was educated privately and at Rossall , and went on to study architecture under a tutor at Cambridge .
he was educated privately and at rossall , and went on to study [structure] under a tutor at cambridge .

Thereafter during the 1820s and 1830s he greatly expanded the firm 's architectural side — following his father 's death in 1827 he devoted his time entirely to architecture , leaving the management of the marble works to his younger brother Francis — and established a substantial practice in the north-west and the adjacent parts of Yorkshire .
thereafter during the 1820s and 1830s he greatly expanded the firm 's architectural side — following his father 's death in 1827 he devoted his time entirely to [structure] , leaving the management of the marble works to his younger brother francis — and established a substantial practice in the north-west and the adjacent parts of yorkshire .

Two of his country houses , Eshton Hall , Yorkshire ( 1825–7 ) , and Underley Hall near Kirkby Lonsdale ( 1825–8 ) , are amongst the very earliest examples of this idiom , as well as being notably accomplished productions which were singled out for praise in Specimens of the Details of Elizabethan Architecture ( 1839 ) , by Henry Shaw [ q.v . ]
two of his country houses , eshton hall , yorkshire ( 1825–7 ) , and underley hall near kirkby lonsdale ( 1825–8 ) , are amongst the very earliest examples of this idiom , as well as being notably accomplished productions which were singled out for praise in specimens of the details of elizabethan [structure] ( 1839 ) , by henry shaw [ q.v . ]

In 1751 Pritchard married Eleanor Russell ( died 1768 ) : three of their children died young but their surviving daughter married the surveyor John White , whose son , John White junior , published an illustrated account of Pritchard 's bridge designs in a pamphlet entitled On Cementitious Architecture as Applicable to the Construction of Bridges ( 1832 ) .
in 1751 pritchard married eleanor russell ( died 1768 ) : three of their children died young but their surviving daughter married the surveyor john white , whose son , john white junior , published an illustrated account of pritchard 's bridge designs in a pamphlet entitled on cementitious [structure] as applicable to the construction of bridges ( 1832 ) .

The predominant feature of his architecture is a marked stylistic eclecticism .
the predominant feature of his [structure] is a marked stylistic eclecticism .

On any reckoning James of St George 's achievement in the field of medieval military architecture was outstanding .
on any reckoning james of st george 's achievement in the field of medieval military [structure] was outstanding .

He displayed it in journalism , arguing that the future of architecture lay with engineers .
he displayed it in journalism , arguing that the future of [structure] lay with engineers .

This approach , which had earlier been used in relation to other fields such as architecture ( Knowles , 1974 ) embraces population ecology , system ecology , the city as a habitat , and then energy and material transfer in cities are used to highlight spatial contrasts within the city and between cities and also to differentiate cities from rural environments .
this approach , which had earlier been used in relation to other fields such as [structure] ( knowles , 1974 ) embraces population ecology , system ecology , the city as a habitat , and then energy and material transfer in cities are used to highlight spatial contrasts within the city and between cities and also to differentiate cities from rural environments .

He took his assignment seriously , accompanying Alexandra to the various meetings he had fixed up for her , talking knowledgeably about everything from architecture to fashion , from music to ice-cream .
he took his assignment seriously , accompanying alexandra to the various meetings he had fixed up for her , talking knowledgeably about everything from [structure] to fashion , from music to ice-cream .

In Europe and the United States , stations reflected the tone of the areas they served , in their style of architecture , in the services they provided .
in europe and the united states , stations reflected the tone of the areas they served , in their style of [structure] , in the services they provided .

Hemmed in by a board school , a gasworks , a depot for Bass ale , and the neighbouring St Pancras Station , King 's Cross Goods Station was proclaimed by its retired outdoor Goods Manager to be in appearance ‘ prosaic enough — you ca n't go into ecstasies over the beauty of its situation or the classic lines of its architecture ’ .
hemmed in by a board school , a gasworks , a depot for bass ale , and the neighbouring st pancras station , king 's cross goods station was proclaimed by its retired outdoor goods manager to be in appearance ‘ prosaic enough — you ca n't go into ecstasies over the beauty of its situation or the classic lines of its [structure] ’ .

The distinction works only in part , at least so far as social work is concerned , but it allows the author to develop and use as a thread through the discussion , the historically gendered nature of the division between the so-called caring professions and professions such as medicine , law , and architecture .
the distinction works only in part , at least so far as social work is concerned , but it allows the author to develop and use as a thread through the discussion , the historically gendered nature of the division between the so-called caring professions and professions such as medicine , law , and [structure] .

What Sontag saw as the ‘ new sensibility ’ was clearly not a literary sensibility , but foregrounded a ‘ cooler art ’ with ‘ less content ’ ; it favoured not the novel , but music , dance , architecture , painting , sculpture .
what sontag saw as the ‘ new sensibility ’ was clearly not a literary sensibility , but foregrounded a ‘ cooler art ’ with ‘ less content ’ ; it favoured not the novel , but music , dance , [structure] , painting , sculpture .

De Chirico himself , upon arriving in New York in the mid-1930s , compared its architecture with his metaphysical paintings as a ‘ homogeneity and harmonic monumentality formed by disparate and heterogeneous elements ’ .
de chirico himself , upon arriving in new york in the mid-1930s , compared its [structure] with his metaphysical paintings as a ‘ homogeneity and harmonic monumentality formed by disparate and heterogeneous elements ’ .

The now voluminous literature on modernism and postmodernism has been dominated by philosophers and modern language theorists and historians of architecture .
the now voluminous literature on modernism and postmodernism has been dominated by philosophers and modern language theorists and historians of [structure] .

The Ringstrasse 's new bourgeois Mietpalaste ( apartment houses ) also bore the mark of the old court nobility , their lavish stairways and vestibules , taken , as Schorske notes , from the old palace architecture and aimed at rhetorical impact .
the ringstrasse 's new bourgeois mietpalaste ( apartment houses ) also bore the mark of the old court nobility , their lavish stairways and vestibules , taken , as schorske notes , from the old palace [structure] and aimed at rhetorical impact .

The state sponsored , bürgerliche , equivalent of historicism in painting and architecture , was the poetic idealism of Goethe and Schiller with its beautification and classicized , non-realist , dialogue .
the state sponsored , bürgerliche , equivalent of historicism in painting and [structure] , was the poetic idealism of goethe and schiller with its beautification and classicized , non-realist , dialogue .

in architecture and painting ) is at the same time middle-brow culture ( art moyen ) and an avant-garde challenge to orthodox modernism .
in [structure] and painting ) is at the same time middle-brow culture ( art moyen ) and an avant-garde challenge to orthodox modernism .

That is , post-industrial growth has brought about a second wave of ‘ tertiarization ’ of our cities , in which massive extension of office building has marked the 1980s , often in postmodern architecture .
that is , post-industrial growth has brought about a second wave of ‘ tertiarization ’ of our cities , in which massive extension of office building has marked the 1980s , often in postmodern [structure] .

( 7 ) Finally the Bourdieu thesis which views modernization as a shift from the primacy of agency to that of structure is paralleled by the debates within contemporary architecture .
( 7 ) finally the bourdieu thesis which views modernization as a shift from the primacy of agency to that of structure is paralleled by the debates within contemporary [structure] .

But here , similarly , Ancient architecture is humanist and modern architecture structuralist .
but here , similarly , ancient [structure] is humanist and modern [structure] structuralist .

Meades is best known as a supercilious architecture and restaurant critic , and his prose is richer than foie gras with chocolate sauce .
meades is best known as a supercilious [structure] and restaurant critic , and his prose is richer than foie gras with chocolate sauce .

She mourned the loss of medieval buildings , cleared to provide what planners called a shopping complex , and was shocked by the dullness of the modern architecture .
she mourned the loss of medieval buildings , cleared to provide what planners called a shopping complex , and was shocked by the dullness of the modern [structure] .

While the Scene is darken 'd , a single Entry is danced ; Then a Symphony is play 'd ; after that the Scene is suddainly Illuminated , and discovers a transparent Prospect of a Chinese Garden , the Architecture , the Trees , the Plants , the Fruit , the Birds , the Beasts , quite different from what we have in this part of the World .
while the scene is darken 'd , a single entry is danced ; then a symphony is play 'd ; after that the scene is suddainly illuminated , and discovers a transparent prospect of a chinese garden , the [structure] , the trees , the plants , the fruit , the birds , the beasts , quite different from what we have in this part of the world .

Members and guests [ shown above ] heard talks on opportunities in Europe , and on the buildings and architecture of Dundee .
members and guests [ shown above ] heard talks on opportunities in europe , and on the buildings and [structure] of dundee .

Published in association with English Heritage , Robert Adam : Architect of Genius by Julius Bryant offers an introduction to Adam 's architecture by exploring the thoughts and personal ambitions behind his designs , and looking at some of the sources of his inspiration .
published in association with english heritage , robert adam : architect of genius by julius bryant offers an introduction to adam 's [structure] by exploring the thoughts and personal ambitions behind his designs , and looking at some of the sources of his inspiration .

The main purpose of the project is to investigate the architecture , furniture , and equipment of dwellings over the whole range of Scottish society , looking at large-scale buildings like castles and tenement blocks and also at small cottages and council houses .
the main purpose of the project is to investigate the [structure] , furniture , and equipment of dwellings over the whole range of scottish society , looking at large-scale buildings like castles and tenement blocks and also at small cottages and council houses .

While militarily strong and able to protect themselves from threat both from without and within Egypt , the mamluks were inefficient rulers , and , though they left some magnificent architecture , by the later thirteenth century there was a series of revolts , plagues and famines .
while militarily strong and able to protect themselves from threat both from without and within egypt , the mamluks were inefficient rulers , and , though they left some magnificent [structure] , by the later thirteenth century there was a series of revolts , plagues and famines .

Poor architecture , ill-conceived schemes , mock-Tudor frontages may upset the planning officer , but how much regulation of this type of ‘ amenity-injury ’ will be publicly acceptable ?
poor [structure] , ill-conceived schemes , mock-tudor frontages may upset the planning officer , but how much regulation of this type of ‘ amenity-injury ’ will be publicly acceptable ?

It has forgotten about its opponent ; it has become interested in the architecture .
it has forgotten about its opponent ; it has become interested in the [structure] .

Pre-agricultural man as a forest dweller would have left no trace , although , like D'Arcy Thompson , who argued that sacred groves , as revered in many tropical countries today , were the inspiration for columned buildings ( hence the Greek temple and all modern architecture ) , it has been entertainingly argued by Corner that traces of forest life are embedded in modern society .
pre-agricultural man as a forest dweller would have left no trace , although , like d'arcy thompson , who argued that sacred groves , as revered in many tropical countries today , were the inspiration for columned buildings ( hence the greek temple and all modern [structure] ) , it has been entertainingly argued by corner that traces of forest life are embedded in modern society .

The most unusual type of key change which is a regular ingredient of Campra 's tonal architecture is to be found in one context only .
the most unusual type of key change which is a regular ingredient of campra 's tonal [structure] is to be found in one context only .

Two features ancillary to his tonal architecture attest Campra 's ability to reconcile musical unity with dramatic purpose .
two features ancillary to his tonal [structure] attest campra 's ability to reconcile musical unity with dramatic purpose .

The stars lit up the scene , and the little black iron lamps that gleamed outside each villa , in perfect keeping with the traditional style of the architecture .
the stars lit up the scene , and the little black iron lamps that gleamed outside each villa , in perfect keeping with the traditional style of the [structure] .

Books on medieval architecture and astrology were next to some good modern novels , a selection of classics , travel and adventure , mysteries , biographies and even poetry .
books on medieval [structure] and astrology were next to some good modern novels , a selection of classics , travel and adventure , mysteries , biographies and even poetry .

Jonathan Fox , the eldest , was a highly successful systems analyst in the City , and , though newly married , exerted himself constantly with professional advice for his sisters , who ran a shop in an arcade recently built to blend with the architecture of the Cotswold town of their birth .
jonathan fox , the eldest , was a highly successful systems analyst in the city , and , though newly married , exerted himself constantly with professional advice for his sisters , who ran a shop in an arcade recently built to blend with the [structure] of the cotswold town of their birth .

Much was made of the sympathetic architecture , and the fact that the arcade brought trade to both new and old shops from the tourists who thronged the town summer and winter .
much was made of the sympathetic [structure] , and the fact that the arcade brought trade to both new and old shops from the tourists who thronged the town summer and winter .

She strolled by some quite lovely nineteenth-century architecture — charming four-storeyed buildings of white , of yellow , of yellow and white , and red-roofed , green-roofed , immaculately lawned — and down to her hotel .
she strolled by some quite lovely nineteenth-century [structure] — charming four-storeyed buildings of white , of yellow , of yellow and white , and red-roofed , green-roofed , immaculately lawned — and down to her hotel .

‘ The architecture , the forests of trees , the very air , ’ she replied for starters .
‘ the [structure] , the forests of trees , the very air , ’ she replied for starters .

For example , the classification given will relate this document to its virtual folder and series , its retention grouping , allow reference to the provisional duration of different phases of the life cycle , who has what access with what rights , authorship , organisational ownership , information architecture key , and potential archival status ( to name but a selection ! )
for example , the classification given will relate this document to its virtual folder and series , its retention grouping , allow reference to the provisional duration of different phases of the life cycle , who has what access with what rights , authorship , organisational ownership , information [structure] key , and potential archival status ( to name but a selection ! )

To go to the Mediterranean in summer , except in search of art and architecture , was still regarded as madness until well into the twentieth century , that era of the novel worship of sun and brown skins .
to go to the mediterranean in summer , except in search of art and [structure] , was still regarded as madness until well into the twentieth century , that era of the novel worship of sun and brown skins .

Indeed , the boom in architecture and property development was so great precisely because nothing whatever diverted the flow of capital from what The Builder in 1848 called ‘ one half of the world … on the lookout for investment ’ to ‘ the other half continually in search of eligible family residences ’ into serving the urban poor , who clearly did not belong in the world at all .
indeed , the boom in [structure] and property development was so great precisely because nothing whatever diverted the flow of capital from what the builder in 1848 called ‘ one half of the world … on the lookout for investment ’ to ‘ the other half continually in search of eligible family residences ’ into serving the urban poor , who clearly did not belong in the world at all .

And the author consists of trillions of those cells , many of them different from each other , organized with intricate architecture and precision-engineering into a working machine capable of writing a book ( my trillions are American , like all my units : one American trillion is a million millions , an American billion is a thousand millions ) .
and the author consists of trillions of those cells , many of them different from each other , organized with intricate [structure] and precision-engineering into a working machine capable of writing a book ( my trillions are american , like all my units : one american trillion is a million millions , an american billion is a thousand millions ) .

As you look at the fine architecture of this cell , keep in mind the fact that all that complexity is repeated 125 million times in each retina .
as you look at the fine [structure] of this cell , keep in mind the fact that all that complexity is repeated 125 million times in each retina .

The architecture of these tubes resembles the biomorph tree at the bottom of Figure 2 in the previous chapter .
the [structure] of these tubes resembles the biomorph tree at the bottom of figure 2 in the previous chapter .

Arguments are put forward to show their importance to an understanding of the relationship of women to the home , and to suggest that they have had a significant influence on British architecture .
arguments are put forward to show their importance to an understanding of the relationship of women to the home , and to suggest that they have had a significant influence on british [structure] .

This unity was to be rent asunder by changes in technology and by the impact of the Modern Movement in architecture .
this unity was to be rent asunder by changes in technology and by the impact of the modern movement in [structure] .

False notions of rationality have been imputed to the Modern Movement in architecture , stressing economic and technological imperatives .
false notions of rationality have been imputed to the modern movement in [structure] , stressing economic and technological imperatives .

Le Corbusier 's ideas about houses , the household , and housework are expounded in his classic work , Vers Une Architecture .
le corbusier 's ideas about houses , the household , and housework are expounded in his classic work , vers une [structure] .

In re-planning the east wing galleries , built in 1928–32 , great efforts have been made to respect their dignified classical architecture .
in re-planning the east wing galleries , built in 1928–32 , great efforts have been made to respect their dignified classical [structure] .

The castle , dominating its surroundings , represents a high point of medieval military architecture .
the castle , dominating its surroundings , represents a high point of medieval military [structure] .

One of the most picturesque of Welsh castles , and a masterpiece of medieval architecture .
one of the most picturesque of welsh castles , and a masterpiece of medieval [structure] .

Although medieval in origin , it contains architecture of many later periods , including superb 16th- and 17th-century work .
although medieval in origin , it contains [structure] of many later periods , including superb 16th- and 17th-century work .

Llansteffan is rich in scenery and architecture and is a designated conservation area .
llansteffan is rich in scenery and [structure] and is a designated conservation area .

Proud of its industrial heritage , it boasts a fascinating network of canals which thread their way through the city centre , offering a towpath walks and narrowboat cruises , plus many fine examples of Victorian architecture .
proud of its industrial heritage , it boasts a fascinating network of canals which thread their way through the city centre , offering a towpath walks and narrowboat cruises , plus many fine examples of victorian [structure] .

He even Venture , once , a remark on the architecture of the Town Hall , but he would not elaborate upon it .
he even venture , once , a remark on the [structure] of the town hall , but he would not elaborate upon it .

But Clara , upon her first visit , could find no other possible point of resemblance , and even this point she missed , so different was the architecture and the attachment from anything she had ever before approached .
but clara , upon her first visit , could find no other possible point of resemblance , and even this point she missed , so different was the [structure] and the attachment from anything she had ever before approached .

An important tip here is if you see a nice piece of period architecture or carving which you fancy and buy , get it home and design around it .
an important tip here is if you see a nice piece of period [structure] or carving which you fancy and buy , get it home and design around it .

" that from the style of the building ( which although ancient in its design , is at the present day unique and novel ) it is almost impossible to calculate to any thing near the real cost , where the greatest part of the expense is incurred by the labour in working the , stone in the various forms on antique architecture .
" that from the style of the building ( which although ancient in its design , is at the present day unique and novel ) it is almost impossible to calculate to any thing near the real cost , where the greatest part of the expense is incurred by the labour in working the , stone in the various forms on antique [structure] .

The architecture of parallelism is to some extent in conflict or in counterpoint with the grammatical structure of each sentence , so that the main verb ( shown in capitals ) occurs in mid-parallelism , and forms ( continuing the architectural simile ) a concealed centre of gravity , balancing subject against predicate .
the [structure] of parallelism is to some extent in conflict or in counterpoint with the grammatical structure of each sentence , so that the main verb ( shown in capitals ) occurs in mid-parallelism , and forms ( continuing the architectural simile ) a concealed centre of gravity , balancing subject against predicate .

The dualist gains credence from the everyday use of the word `` style `` as a `` manner of doing something `` , as reflected in dictionary definitions , and as applied , outside language , to other art forms such as music , painting and architecture , and to varied activities such as playing the piano or playing tennis .
the dualist gains credence from the everyday use of the word `` style `` as a `` manner of doing something `` , as reflected in dictionary definitions , and as applied , outside language , to other art forms such as music , painting and [structure] , and to varied activities such as playing the piano or playing tennis .

The medieval village `` , based on a useful example in the neighbourhood , spreads through history , geography and rural studies into art , literature , architecture , crafts , domestic science and music . ``
the medieval village `` , based on a useful example in the neighbourhood , spreads through history , geography and rural studies into art , literature , [structure] , crafts , domestic science and music . ``

Within the overall discursive architecture of the Report this narrative functions as the cultural-historical foundation for qualitative judgements of standards of correctness , and for a perception of contemporary cultural crisis .
within the overall discursive [structure] of the report this narrative functions as the cultural-historical foundation for qualitative judgements of standards of correctness , and for a perception of contemporary cultural crisis .

According to the mythic cultural history which contributes so much to the discursive architecture of the Report , the `` native language `` only achieved cultural history which contributes so much to the discursive architecture of the Report , the `` native language `` only achieved cultural maturity through its spontaneous generation of literacy art .
according to the mythic cultural history which contributes so much to the discursive [structure] of the report , the `` native language `` only achieved cultural history which contributes so much to the discursive [structure] of the report , the `` native language `` only achieved cultural maturity through its spontaneous generation of literacy art .

There is plenty of evidence in the Review that taking a professional stance of this kind helped sustain the discursive architecture of English studies in the interwar period , especially in taking the disputative and judgemental stance of Parliament and the Law and borrowing the language from those discourses .
there is plenty of evidence in the review that taking a professional stance of this kind helped sustain the discursive [structure] of english studies in the interwar period , especially in taking the disputative and judgemental stance of parliament and the law and borrowing the language from those discourses .

For details of damage to Croatian art and architecture see The Art Newspaper No. 12 , November 1991 , pp.1–2 and No.13 , December 1991 , p.1 .
for details of damage to croatian art and [structure] see the art newspaper no. 12 , november 1991 , pp.1–2 and no.13 , december 1991 , p.1 .

Not given to making the headlines , it has recently attracted attention with the launch of the Census of Antique Works of Art and Architecture known to the Renaissance on a computerised database , with Getty support , and an old debate stirred up by an article in the Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung which criticised London University 's custodianship of the library and called for its return to Hamburg .
not given to making the headlines , it has recently attracted attention with the launch of the census of antique works of art and [structure] known to the renaissance on a computerised database , with getty support , and an old debate stirred up by an article in the frankfurter allgemeine zeitung which criticised london university 's custodianship of the library and called for its return to hamburg .

How would you describe the new industrial design and architecture collections ?
how would you describe the new industrial design and [structure] collections ?

Although they have worked together for so many years , there has still been time for individual projects and exhibitions : François-Xavier has moved on from vegetable architecture to monumental fountains and sculptures ; Claude 's ventures include jewellery and bronze furniture for an American garden , stage props for Bob Wilson and breastplates for the angels in Wim Wenders ' film ‘ Wings of Desire ’ .
although they have worked together for so many years , there has still been time for individual projects and exhibitions : françois-xavier has moved on from vegetable [structure] to monumental fountains and sculptures ; claude 's ventures include jewellery and bronze furniture for an american garden , stage props for bob wilson and breastplates for the angels in wim wenders ' film ‘ wings of desire ’ .

Sir John Soane 's was the collection of a working architect , and the wonderful variety of objects and works of art in the museum were used as an anthology of antique architecture and decoration as well as a teaching collection .
sir john soane 's was the collection of a working architect , and the wonderful variety of objects and works of art in the museum were used as an anthology of antique [structure] and decoration as well as a teaching collection .

Informed conjecture can make an equally valid contribution and this thought-provoking book may well lead to the revision of established theories of classical architecture .
informed conjecture can make an equally valid contribution and this thought-provoking book may well lead to the revision of established theories of classical [structure] .

It is divided into eleven chapters dealing with aspects from clientele , designers , guilds and dealers , to the architecture and use of rooms , furniture , wallpapers and fittings .
it is divided into eleven chapters dealing with aspects from clientele , designers , guilds and dealers , to the [structure] and use of rooms , furniture , wallpapers and fittings .

The city 's architecture captures the memory of the 17th century wealth of a seafaring and predominantly trading nation .
the city 's [structure] captures the memory of the 17th century wealth of a seafaring and predominantly trading nation .

Since 1937 the Marble Palace , a masterpiece of early Russian classical architecture designed by Antonio Rinaldi between 1768 and 1785 , has been occupied by the Lenin Memorial Museum , although it has never had any links with Lenin .
since 1937 the marble palace , a masterpiece of early russian classical [structure] designed by antonio rinaldi between 1768 and 1785 , has been occupied by the lenin memorial museum , although it has never had any links with lenin .

‘ The spirit in architecture : John Lautner ’ could have simply been a generic portrait of a cantankerous idealist in the Wright mould .
‘ the spirit in [structure] : john lautner ’ could have simply been a generic portrait of a cantankerous idealist in the wright mould .

Cohen sets a standard toward which any film about architecture should aspire .
cohen sets a standard toward which any film about [structure] should aspire .

They will be joined by the former collection of books on architecture from the libraries of the Ecole des Beaux-Arts and the Musées de France at present in the Louvre .
they will be joined by the former collection of books on [structure] from the libraries of the ecole des beaux-arts and the musées de france at present in the louvre .

The ruins of ancient architecture create a dramatic stage for British sculptor 's works
the ruins of ancient [structure] create a dramatic stage for british sculptor 's works

Robert Geddes , former Dean of Architecture at Princeton , claims that ‘ much of the evolution of modern architecture since the 1950s came about because Louis Kahn questioned the tradition of the international style ’ .
robert geddes , former dean of [structure] at princeton , claims that ‘ much of the evolution of modern [structure] since the 1950s came about because louis kahn questioned the tradition of the international style ’ .

Turning his back on the lightness and open planning characteristic of international style architecture , Kahn was concerned with what he called ‘ going back to zero ’ emphasising monumentality , weight and primitive classical forms .
turning his back on the lightness and open planning characteristic of international style [structure] , kahn was concerned with what he called ‘ going back to zero ’ emphasising monumentality , weight and primitive classical forms .

Architecture , he maintained , should be function-led .
[structure] , he maintained , should be function-led .

In his introductory essay , Vincent Scully maintains that Kahn would be disappointed by contemporary architecture and the work of his followers .
in his introductory essay , vincent scully maintains that kahn would be disappointed by contemporary [structure] and the work of his followers .

Critics are seeing this new interest in Kahn as indicative of a public dislike for the superficialities of Post Modern architecture .
critics are seeing this new interest in kahn as indicative of a public dislike for the superficialities of post modern [structure] .

Glass pyramid competition design for a Palace of Culture in Moscow ( 1930 ) by Ivan Leonidov ( 1902–59 ) ( Schchusev Architecture Museum , Moscow ) .
glass pyramid competition design for a palace of culture in moscow ( 1930 ) by ivan leonidov ( 1902–59 ) ( schchusev [structure] museum , moscow ) .

The 6,020 square-metre terrace is capped by three unequal cones , admitting light to the areas below and symbolising the classic triad of the visual arts : architecture , painting and sculpture .
the 6,020 square-metre terrace is capped by three unequal cones , admitting light to the areas below and symbolising the classic triad of the visual arts : [structure] , painting and sculpture .

During the academic year 1990–91 the group focused on the theme of Ruskin , tradition and architecture , and invited the contribution of visiting speakers from other institutions .
during the academic year 1990–91 the group focused on the theme of ruskin , tradition and [structure] , and invited the contribution of visiting speakers from other institutions .

The organisers stress that this is not an exhibition about Ruskin 's relationship to Victorian architecture , but about his approach to architecture as a whole .
the organisers stress that this is not an exhibition about ruskin 's relationship to victorian [structure] , but about his approach to [structure] as a whole .

In order to explore the possibility of a continuing Ruskinian influence on the idea of ‘ tradition ’ in architecture today , the upper section of the gallery features the work and ideas of four contemporary architects , Robert Adam , Michael Hopkins , Richard MacCormac and Richard Rogers .
in order to explore the possibility of a continuing ruskinian influence on the idea of ‘ tradition ’ in [structure] today , the upper section of the gallery features the work and ideas of four contemporary architects , robert adam , michael hopkins , richard maccormac and richard rogers .

In his contribution the exhibition 's co-ordinator Nigel Whiteley , Head of Visual Arts at Lancaster , argues that the tradition of Ruskin 's ethical approach to architecture survived into the Modern Movement , however different the aesthetic result .
in his contribution the exhibition 's co-ordinator nigel whiteley , head of visual arts at lancaster , argues that the tradition of ruskin 's ethical approach to [structure] survived into the modern movement , however different the aesthetic result .

The Cloisters [ in New York City ] is one of the great examples of giving the public a feeling of what the cultural context of a whole era was like through architecture , objects , tapestries , and other great works of art .
the cloisters [ in new york city ] is one of the great examples of giving the public a feeling of what the cultural context of a whole era was like through [structure] , objects , tapestries , and other great works of art .

Mr Pei 's pyramid in the Louvre is fine architecture , but it is nothing other than a new front door .
mr pei 's pyramid in the louvre is fine [structure] , but it is nothing other than a new front door .

The sober vernacular architecture of the Third Republic is supplanted by the brutal international style ; sub-Brechtian theatre of alienation drives out indigenous French boulevard theatre ; the subsidy of rock and roll drives out the French popular chanson of Leclerc and Piaf .
the sober vernacular [structure] of the third republic is supplanted by the brutal international style ; sub-brechtian theatre of alienation drives out indigenous french boulevard theatre ; the subsidy of rock and roll drives out the french popular chanson of leclerc and piaf .

Yet never has artistic creation itself whether painting , the cinema or literature ( to my mind , architecture and perhaps photography are exceptions ) been so impoverished , so derisory , so played out .
yet never has artistic creation itself whether painting , the cinema or literature ( to my mind , [structure] and perhaps photography are exceptions ) been so impoverished , so derisory , so played out .

Regency architecture
regency [structure]

Far from it , for he has matched his chosen designs to the theme of the growth of professionalism in architecture from the formation of the Architects ' Club in 1791 to the founding of the Institute of British Architects in 1837 ; and more than this , for just as architects strove for recognition in a professional world being transformed by the Industrial Revolution and new sciences , so does Worsley show us how this new breed of architect acquired technical proficiencies : in the presentation of drawings , in methods of copying and reproduction , in colour coding , and in advanced modes of perspective .
far from it , for he has matched his chosen designs to the theme of the growth of professionalism in [structure] from the formation of the architects ' club in 1791 to the founding of the institute of british architects in 1837 ; and more than this , for just as architects strove for recognition in a professional world being transformed by the industrial revolution and new sciences , so does worsley show us how this new breed of architect acquired technical proficiencies : in the presentation of drawings , in methods of copying and reproduction , in colour coding , and in advanced modes of perspective .

He follows by dividing his selected drawings into building types : public buildings , the country house , smaller houses , churches , urban architecture ( town planning ) and commercial buildings .
he follows by dividing his selected drawings into building types : public buildings , the country house , smaller houses , churches , urban [structure] ( town planning ) and commercial buildings .

Penguin Books has issued an eighth revised edition of Sir John Summerson 's Architecture in Britain 1530–1830 , first published in 1953 and intended as a companion to Ellis Waterhouse 's Painting in Britain 1530–1830 and Margaret Whinney 's Sculpture in Britain which covers the same period .
penguin books has issued an eighth revised edition of sir john summerson 's [structure] in britain 1530–1830 , first published in 1953 and intended as a companion to ellis waterhouse 's painting in britain 1530–1830 and margaret whinney 's sculpture in britain which covers the same period .

The author has bravely tried to describe succinctly all the key oriental influences on British and American art and architecture he could find .
the author has bravely tried to describe succinctly all the key oriental influences on british and american art and [structure] he could find .

John Piper , quintessential British painter whose work was inspired by the English countryside and architecture , died 28 June , aged eighty-eight .
john piper , quintessential british painter whose work was inspired by the english countryside and [structure] , died 28 june , aged eighty-eight .

He wrote on art and architecture in collaboration with John Betjeman , taking over control of the Shell Guides to Britain from the poet .
he wrote on art and [structure] in collaboration with john betjeman , taking over control of the shell guides to britain from the poet .

This world famous photo archive , which has grown to around 2.5 million images since Sir Robert Witt gave his collection of some 400,000 photos in 1944 to be freely available to any interested parties , is one of the most extensive in the world for paintings , sculpture and architecture .
this world famous photo archive , which has grown to around 2.5 million images since sir robert witt gave his collection of some 400,000 photos in 1944 to be freely available to any interested parties , is one of the most extensive in the world for paintings , sculpture and [structure] .

The Committee 's interests are broad , ranging from the laws affecting works of art , religious objects and archaeological finds to those affecting the preservation of architecture , the legal problems of museums and the maintenance of freedom of speech .
the committee 's interests are broad , ranging from the laws affecting works of art , religious objects and archaeological finds to those affecting the preservation of [structure] , the legal problems of museums and the maintenance of freedom of speech .

The influence of Mexican architecture on figures such as Frank Lloyd Wright is set out with photographs and text and there is a section on archaeology in Mexico .
the influence of mexican [structure] on figures such as frank lloyd wright is set out with photographs and text and there is a section on archaeology in mexico .

Alexei Tarkhanov and Sergei Kavtaradze Stalinist Architecture ( Laurence King , London , 1992 ) 192pp. 209 col. and b/w ills . £35
alexei tarkhanov and sergei kavtaradze stalinist [structure] ( laurence king , london , 1992 ) 192pp. 209 col. and b/w ills . £35

The English response to the French Rayonnant style in architecture certainly produced characteristic and idiosyncratic results .
the english response to the french rayonnant style in [structure] certainly produced characteristic and idiosyncratic results .

Architecture students from the Université des Beaux-Arts in Phnom Penh are apprenticed to the Japanese and wmf teams , and the Thai government is prepared to expand its small workshop if funds can be found to do so .
[structure] students from the université des beaux-arts in phnom penh are apprenticed to the japanese and wmf teams , and the thai government is prepared to expand its small workshop if funds can be found to do so .

‘ Looking at the world today , maybe there are a lot more useful things to study than art and architecture ’
‘ looking at the world today , maybe there are a lot more useful things to study than art and [structure] ’

Gilles Peyroulet is featuring ‘ Constructive ’ sculpture by Wolfgang Luy , a Düsseldorf artist akin to Thomas Schütte and Reinhardt Mucha , whose concern is the relationship between man , nature and architecture .
gilles peyroulet is featuring ‘ constructive ’ sculpture by wolfgang luy , a düsseldorf artist akin to thomas schütte and reinhardt mucha , whose concern is the relationship between man , nature and [structure] .

Meanwhile , over at the Spedale degli Innocenti , also from 8 April , you can see ‘ L'Architettura dell'età del Magnifico a Firenze e nel territorio toscano ’ ( Architecture in Florence and Tuscany in the time of Lorenzo the Magnificent ) .
meanwhile , over at the spedale degli innocenti , also from 8 april , you can see ‘ l'architettura dell'età del magnifico a firenze e nel territorio toscano ’ ( [structure] in florence and tuscany in the time of lorenzo the magnificent ) .

Applications invited for the Banister Fletcher Awards for publications on architecture
applications invited for the banister fletcher awards for publications on [structure]

Complaints may range from criticism of the architecture of the house to criticism of the methods available for doing housework :
complaints may range from criticism of the [structure] of the house to criticism of the methods available for doing housework :

Ideal notes take on the character of architecture — that is , they comprise a well-defined structure ; they are capable of supporting and containing the burden to be later placed on them ; and they are designed to last .
ideal notes take on the character of [structure] — that is , they comprise a well-defined structure ; they are capable of supporting and containing the burden to be later placed on them ; and they are designed to last .

Among many nomadic and tribal peoples it was often the only medium of creative release , and even in the more sophisticated cultures of Persia , China and Ottoman Turkey , weaving has always ranked alongside painting , architecture , sculpture and ceramics as a valid and celebrated visual art .
among many nomadic and tribal peoples it was often the only medium of creative release , and even in the more sophisticated cultures of persia , china and ottoman turkey , weaving has always ranked alongside painting , [structure] , sculpture and ceramics as a valid and celebrated visual art .

Evidence of this can be seen in both Indian painting and architecture of the period , as well as in the rug designs , and Persian aesthetic ideals and compositions remain an integral part of Indian weaving to this day .
evidence of this can be seen in both indian painting and [structure] of the period , as well as in the rug designs , and persian aesthetic ideals and compositions remain an integral part of indian weaving to this day .

Ultimately , the issue of integration within a complete system architecture will have to be addressed .
ultimately , the issue of integration within a complete system [structure] will have to be addressed .

Neither approach seems entirely satisfactory , although the latter may have the advantage of facilitating a simple architecture , with a uni-directional flow of information from the bottom upwards .
neither approach seems entirely satisfactory , although the latter may have the advantage of facilitating a simple [structure] , with a uni-directional flow of information from the bottom upwards .

Even if the issue of architecture is resolved satisfactorily , or determined by some other overriding consideration , there still remains another problem : the combination of results .
even if the issue of [structure] is resolved satisfactorily , or determined by some other overriding consideration , there still remains another problem : the combination of results .

The peoples of many different countries have settled here and grafted their own cultures on Malaysia — observe the variety of influences on architecture and the cornucopia of festivals celebrated .
the peoples of many different countries have settled here and grafted their own cultures on malaysia — observe the variety of influences on [structure] and the cornucopia of festivals celebrated .

Located on Bali 's southern peninsula , the Nusa Dua Beach Hotel is designed to reflect traditional Balinese architecture and is set in large , tropical gardens , leading to a superb white sandy beach .
located on bali 's southern peninsula , the nusa dua beach hotel is designed to reflect traditional balinese [structure] and is set in large , tropical gardens , leading to a superb white sandy beach .

Some seven hundred miles east of Madagascar , Mauritius lay on the direct sea route to the Spice Islands , and was first settled by the Dutch until the French moved in during 1715 , leaving indelible traces in the form of place names , cuisine , architecture and language .
some seven hundred miles east of madagascar , mauritius lay on the direct sea route to the spice islands , and was first settled by the dutch until the french moved in during 1715 , leaving indelible traces in the form of place names , cuisine , [structure] and language .

The impact of visiting the massive tributes to monumental Egyptian architecture at Luxor , the Valley of the Kings , Cairo 's old town and many museums , and of course the great pyramids and Sphinx at Giza , will affect you and stay with you for the rest of your life .
the impact of visiting the massive tributes to monumental egyptian [structure] at luxor , the valley of the kings , cairo 's old town and many museums , and of course the great pyramids and sphinx at giza , will affect you and stay with you for the rest of your life .

Enjoy a morning drive through this quaint town with its Mediterranean climate and Spanish architecture .
enjoy a morning drive through this quaint town with its mediterranean climate and spanish [structure] .

Beyond the gushing grandeur of Niagara Falls lies the scenic splendour of Canada , a vast country whose great cities — Montreal , Toronto , Quebec and Ottawa — mirror its fascinating Anglo-French past and also herald the future with an array of architecture spanning several centuries .
beyond the gushing grandeur of niagara falls lies the scenic splendour of canada , a vast country whose great cities — montreal , toronto , quebec and ottawa — mirror its fascinating anglo-french past and also herald the future with an array of [structure] spanning several centuries .

With its ornate architecture and elaborate internal decoration , the pumping station features two Boulton and Watt engines and six Lancashire boilers .
with its ornate [structure] and elaborate internal decoration , the pumping station features two boulton and watt engines and six lancashire boilers .

Under Elizabeth and Catherine the sumptuous , French-speaking court was the inspiration for westernization in architecture , furniture , art , music , dancing , theatre , and cuisine .
under elizabeth and catherine the sumptuous , french-speaking court was the inspiration for westernization in [structure] , furniture , art , music , dancing , theatre , and cuisine .

Suger devoted many years to rebuilding the great abbey church ( in i style which was later to be hailed as the prototype of Gothic architecture ) to make it a fit royal mausoleum , as well as a place of worship in which mere men could obtain a brief insight into the grandeur that surrounded the king of kings in heaven .
suger devoted many years to rebuilding the great abbey church ( in i style which was later to be hailed as the prototype of gothic [structure] ) to make it a fit royal mausoleum , as well as a place of worship in which mere men could obtain a brief insight into the grandeur that surrounded the king of kings in heaven .

The most famous of these writings , that on the Celestial Hierarchies , provided the abbot both with his theory of the function of ecclesiastical architecture , and with a means of integrating the earthly power structure into that of heaven .
the most famous of these writings , that on the celestial hierarchies , provided the abbot both with his theory of the function of ecclesiastical [structure] , and with a means of integrating the earthly power structure into that of heaven .

As an example of microprocessor architecture , we briefly discuss the Intel 8080 , a well-known microprocessor which has been widely copied .
as an example of microprocessor [structure] , we briefly discuss the intel 8080 , a well-known microprocessor which has been widely copied .

This can be done by making the new range of computers architecturally similar to earlier models , and by making improvements only in the technological implementation of this architecture ; alternatively we can use microprogrammed emulation , as discussed in 3.6 .
this can be done by making the new range of computers architecturally similar to earlier models , and by making improvements only in the technological implementation of this [structure] ; alternatively we can use microprogrammed emulation , as discussed in 3.6 .

1.3 . Computer architecture
1.3 . computer [structure]

We term this the level of computer architecture , at which a set of logically integrated hardware functions are programmed to carry out the processing of data .
we term this the level of computer [structure] , at which a set of logically integrated hardware functions are programmed to carry out the processing of data .

Is to be distinguished from the implementation , in which electronic circuits are designed to realize an architecture .
is to be distinguished from the implementation , in which electronic circuits are designed to realize an [structure] .

We drop below the level of computer architecture to discuss these in Chapter 8 .
we drop below the level of computer [structure] to discuss these in chapter 8 .

Furthermore , we discuss certain concepts in computer design which could be treated as implementational , their use being transparent to the architecture ; the cache stores of 5.4 usually fall into this class .
furthermore , we discuss certain concepts in computer design which could be treated as implementational , their use being transparent to the [structure] ; the cache stores of 5.4 usually fall into this class .

In early computers , in particular those of the first generation , little distinction was made between architecture and implementation ; the architecture was whatever could reliably and economically be implemented in hardware .
in early computers , in particular those of the first generation , little distinction was made between [structure] and implementation ; the [structure] was whatever could reliably and economically be implemented in hardware .

Today there is a growing tendency to define a computer architecture some way above the basic hardware level , to be implemented in a mixture of hardware and software , whose proportions may vary with the evolution of computer technology and with different models in a range .
today there is a growing tendency to define a computer [structure] some way above the basic hardware level , to be implemented in a mixture of hardware and software , whose proportions may vary with the evolution of computer technology and with different models in a range .

When an architecture is implemented partly in hardware and partly in software we require such concepts as extracodes and microprogramming , and these are discussed in Chapter 3 .
when an [structure] is implemented partly in hardware and partly in software we require such concepts as extracodes and microprogramming , and these are discussed in chapter 3 .

We will thus discuss features above the hardware architecture level from time to time , to complete the picture of a facility implemented only partly in hardware .
we will thus discuss features above the hardware [structure] level from time to time , to complete the picture of a facility implemented only partly in hardware .

In Chapter 7 we consider computers whose orientation has resulted in an architecture radically different from those in the rest of the book , although they have a sufficiently general instruction set to lay claim to universality .
in chapter 7 we consider computers whose orientation has resulted in an [structure] radically different from those in the rest of the book , although they have a sufficiently general instruction set to lay claim to universality .

Finally , in Chapter 8 we consider some topics on the border between architecture and implementation ; dealing with faults in the hardware of the computer , ways of speeding up the processor , and the interface between computer and operator .
finally , in chapter 8 we consider some topics on the border between [structure] and implementation ; dealing with faults in the hardware of the computer , ways of speeding up the processor , and the interface between computer and operator .

Describing the Architecture
describing the [structure]

The architecture of a computer is usually defined in terms of the format and effect of machine-level instructions .
the [structure] of a computer is usually defined in terms of the format and effect of machine-level instructions .

Alternatively we can start at the level of registers and transfers between registers , and describe our architecture in terms of these primitives ; a microinstruction set would be an example here .
alternatively we can start at the level of registers and transfers between registers , and describe our [structure] in terms of these primitives ; a microinstruction set would be an example here .

This of course says more about the technology than the architecture of a computer .
this of course says more about the technology than the [structure] of a computer .

Write a program to simulate the architecture of a computer of your choice ( such as the Von Neumann Computer ) .
write a program to simulate the [structure] of a computer of your choice ( such as the von neumann computer ) .

Consideration of those data-types , in the next section , leads us to introduce a different form of computer architecture , the character or byte-oriented computer , where the basic storage unit is much shorter than the word ( typically eight bits long ) and all data-types are multiples of this unit .
consideration of those data-types , in the next section , leads us to introduce a different form of computer [structure] , the character or byte-oriented computer , where the basic storage unit is much shorter than the word ( typically eight bits long ) and all data-types are multiples of this unit .

The word-oriented architecture derives from viewing computers as calculating devices .
the word-oriented [structure] derives from viewing computers as calculating devices .

We therefore consider building an architecture round character string manipulation , rather than round word manipulation .
we therefore consider building an [structure] round character string manipulation , rather than round word manipulation .

Here we have a design based on the character , providing the character string handling requirements of the commercial application , with a word-oriented architecture superimposed upon it , to allow the more efficient binary arithmetic to be used when required .
here we have a design based on the character , providing the character string handling requirements of the commercial application , with a word-oriented [structure] superimposed upon it , to allow the more efficient binary arithmetic to be used when required .

Tagged architecture
tagged [structure]

Such a tagged computer architecture ( Iliffe 1968 ; Feustel 1973 ) can obviously be extended .
such a tagged computer [structure] ( iliffe 1968 ; feustel 1973 ) can obviously be extended .

Thus a computer architecture and instruction set can be frozen at a later stage in the design process , and can be altered as a result of any inadequacies or improvements .
thus a computer [structure] and instruction set can be frozen at a later stage in the design process , and can be altered as a result of any inadequacies or improvements .

Wilkes and Stringer ( 1953 ) suggested the provision of several control stores , one of which could be plugged into the basic hardware to create a particular architecture .
wilkes and stringer ( 1953 ) suggested the provision of several control stores , one of which could be plugged into the basic hardware to create a particular [structure] .

One possible solution is the evolutionary approach , by which only minor enhancements are made to a pre-existing architecture so that all programs are upwards compatible to the new computer .
one possible solution is the evolutionary approach , by which only minor enhancements are made to a pre-existing [structure] so that all programs are upwards compatible to the new computer .

Perhaps a group dedicated to the conservation of a particular kind of architecture has started in your area .
perhaps a group dedicated to the conservation of a particular kind of [structure] has started in your area .

Montpellier is a superb , noble city with its eighteenth-century architecture still intact .
montpellier is a superb , noble city with its eighteenth-century [structure] still intact .

Playing these passages by the book proves to be a perfectly satisfying approach to their architecture , and one wonders why so many other conductors feel compelled to modify Shostakovich 's tempos .
playing these passages by the book proves to be a perfectly satisfying approach to their [structure] , and one wonders why so many other conductors feel compelled to modify shostakovich 's tempos .

His parents had settled in East Dulwich at the time of his registration for Battersea Polytechnic , Michael Joyce having by then cut his losses in building or ‘ architecture ’ and opened his grocer 's shop in this prosperous middle-class suburb .
his parents had settled in east dulwich at the time of his registration for battersea polytechnic , michael joyce having by then cut his losses in building or ‘ [structure] ’ and opened his grocer 's shop in this prosperous middle-class suburb .

Part of the problem , of course , is the vagueness , for most people , of the framework within which such thinking is supposed to take place . What is this ‘ Europe ’ we are talking about ? Where exactly do you establish its boundaries , when most of the well-known definitions , turn out to be legally and politically meaningless ? How do you capture its essence when there is so little ethnic , linguistic or any other kind of unity ? who exactly put it all together ? Did Julius Caesar , Charlemagne , the mediaeval popes , Martin Luther , Napoleon or Hitler have any idea what they were doing when they made their own particular contributions to the architecture ?
part of the problem , of course , is the vagueness , for most people , of the framework within which such thinking is supposed to take place . what is this ‘ europe ’ we are talking about ? where exactly do you establish its boundaries , when most of the well-known definitions , turn out to be legally and politically meaningless ? how do you capture its essence when there is so little ethnic , linguistic or any other kind of unity ? who exactly put it all together ? did julius caesar , charlemagne , the mediaeval popes , martin luther , napoleon or hitler have any idea what they were doing when they made their own particular contributions to the [structure] ?

Some urban estates , partly as a result of allocation policies , are effectively one-class areas with few examples of success , clearly labelled by their architecture and appearance is distinct from the rest of society .
some urban estates , partly as a result of allocation policies , are effectively one-class areas with few examples of success , clearly labelled by their [structure] and appearance is distinct from the rest of society .

‘ The present gaols are really beautiful penal toys ’ , wrote a complaining correspondent to The Times in 1863 , ‘ the perfection of lodging-houses-for-single-men architecture … in a better situation Pentonville would sell well as ‘ chambers ’ ’ for Bank clerks and MPs of limited income ' .
‘ the present gaols are really beautiful penal toys ’ , wrote a complaining correspondent to the times in 1863 , ‘ the perfection of lodging-houses-for-single-men [structure] … in a better situation pentonville would sell well as ‘ chambers ’ ’ for bank clerks and mps of limited income ' .

The middle years of the fourteenth century saw the change from mail armour to plate , while the coming century or so witnessed many improvements in design , so that arrows , bolts , and pikes were met with glancing surfaces which , like the changes in architecture intended to counter the effect of the cannon ball , caused the deflection of the missile away from its target .
the middle years of the fourteenth century saw the change from mail armour to plate , while the coming century or so witnessed many improvements in design , so that arrows , bolts , and pikes were met with glancing surfaces which , like the changes in [structure] intended to counter the effect of the cannon ball , caused the deflection of the missile away from its target .

In the Henry Moore Gallery there was fine art work , and in the new Gulbenkian Galleries were the designs for manufacture , communication , and humanity , which included architecture , ceramics , glass , computer-related design , fashion and knitwear design , furniture making , industrial design , engineering , interior design , jewellery , printed and woven textiles , vehicle design , graphic design , holography , photography , and conservation .
in the henry moore gallery there was fine art work , and in the new gulbenkian galleries were the designs for manufacture , communication , and humanity , which included [structure] , ceramics , glass , computer-related design , fashion and knitwear design , furniture making , industrial design , engineering , interior design , jewellery , printed and woven textiles , vehicle design , graphic design , holography , photography , and conservation .

It shares its place as best in its category with … Holleyman & Treacher , 21a Duke Street , Brighton , East Sussex ( 0273 28007 ) , which is especially strong in music , and a great favourite of Antonia Fraser , and Ken Spelman 's , 70 Mickelgate , York ( 0904 624414 ) , which has particularly strong collections of art and architecture books .
it shares its place as best in its category with … holleyman & treacher , 21a duke street , brighton , east sussex ( 0273 28007 ) , which is especially strong in music , and a great favourite of antonia fraser , and ken spelman 's , 70 mickelgate , york ( 0904 624414 ) , which has particularly strong collections of art and [structure] books .

Her husband , Jeff Hoare , paints large , colourful abstract landscapes , and three of their four children have degrees in fine art : Sarajane is Fashion Director at Vogue magazine ; Tessana is also a painter , currently working on an exhibition of pictures of 1990s architecture ; and their brother Pom is a furniture designer and carpenter who also paints .
her husband , jeff hoare , paints large , colourful abstract landscapes , and three of their four children have degrees in fine art : sarajane is fashion director at vogue magazine ; tessana is also a painter , currently working on an exhibition of pictures of 1990s [structure] ; and their brother pom is a furniture designer and carpenter who also paints .

This , the second largest city in Bavaria , is an unusual mix of ancient architecture and almost tangible joie-de-vivre .
this , the second largest city in bavaria , is an unusual mix of ancient [structure] and almost tangible joie-de-vivre .

The architecture leaves you grasping for the Nikon , the local leave you smiling and the atmosphere lifts you — and with the river silently splitting Buda from Pest , what better place to conclude a whistle stop tour along the Danube ?
the [structure] leaves you grasping for the nikon , the local leave you smiling and the atmosphere lifts you — and with the river silently splitting buda from pest , what better place to conclude a whistle stop tour along the danube ?

The town has breathtaking architecture , art galleries , museums and a very pleasant choice of restaurants , bars and shops .
the town has breathtaking [structure] , art galleries , museums and a very pleasant choice of restaurants , bars and shops .

Georgian architecture , Moorish decor .
georgian [structure] , moorish decor .

Though a few interesting buildings have given way to typically undistinguished modern blocks , the architecture of Princes Street was never outstanding and little is likely to be lost , though little gained by the innovations .
though a few interesting buildings have given way to typically undistinguished modern blocks , the [structure] of princes street was never outstanding and little is likely to be lost , though little gained by the innovations .

designed by Robert Adam in 1791 , is one of the finest examples of Georgian architecture in the country .
designed by robert adam in 1791 , is one of the finest examples of georgian [structure] in the country .

It has an oval design of remarkable purity and taste and is one of the most pleasing examples of eighteenth-century architecture in Edinburgh .
it has an oval design of remarkable purity and taste and is one of the most pleasing examples of eighteenth-century [structure] in edinburgh .

It is strong in technological subjects and has an important department of architecture and town planning .
it is strong in technological subjects and has an important department of [structure] and town planning .

is a notable example of much of Edinburgh 's two-level architecture .
is a notable example of much of edinburgh 's two-level [structure] .

The Custom House in Commercial Street and the Old Town Hall and the Assembly Rooms in Constitution Street are interesting examples of 19th century architecture .
the custom house in commercial street and the old town hall and the assembly rooms in constitution street are interesting examples of 19th century [structure] .

Audio-visual shows tell the story of the New Town and the development of Georgian architecture .
audio-visual shows tell the story of the new town and the development of georgian [structure] .

The special atmosphere of the town and region , its architecture and landscape , cultural life and the busy port is reflected in this major exhibition which brings together paintings from public and private collections in Britain , France and America .
the special atmosphere of the town and region , its [structure] and landscape , cultural life and the busy port is reflected in this major exhibition which brings together paintings from public and private collections in britain , france and america .

But predominantly the architecture is distinctively Lincolnshire with a preponderance of old brick farmhouses and barns , a few whitewashed cottages and many , many churches built of local greenstone .
but predominantly the [structure] is distinctively lincolnshire with a preponderance of old brick farmhouses and barns , a few whitewashed cottages and many , many churches built of local greenstone .

Most shops in the town have modern facades to the ground floor but above and around is a variety of lovely historic architecture ; some Georgian , some Regency , some Victorian .
most shops in the town have modern facades to the ground floor but above and around is a variety of lovely historic [structure] ; some georgian , some regency , some victorian .

Woodhill Spa developed an architectural elegance comparable to the best residential areas of Surrey and quite unlike the ancient rural architecture of most of the rest of Lincolnshire .
woodhill spa developed an architectural elegance comparable to the best residential areas of surrey and quite unlike the ancient rural [structure] of most of the rest of lincolnshire .

Superb Regency architecture , Hove
superb regency [structure] , hove

It was in cities such as Rome , Venice , Florence and Verona that the Renaissance started — the re-awakening of the arts , new directions in painting and architecture — movements which were to span the continents and leave a legacy of culture unequalled anywhere in the world .
it was in cities such as rome , venice , florence and verona that the renaissance started — the re-awakening of the arts , new directions in painting and [structure] — movements which were to span the continents and leave a legacy of culture unequalled anywhere in the world .

However customers should take a break from the beach and visit two of Paestum 's most famous sights , the Bascilica and the temple of Neptune , ancient Greek architecture at its finest .
however customers should take a break from the beach and visit two of paestum 's most famous sights , the bascilica and the temple of neptune , ancient greek [structure] at its finest .

Graceful arches of traditional Tuscan architecture frame the entrance to the Villa Barbara yet this bungalow-style villa is quite modern in all its amenities .
graceful arches of traditional tuscan [structure] frame the entrance to the villa barbara yet this bungalow-style villa is quite modern in all its amenities .

Tuscan architecture at Villa Barbara
tuscan [structure] at villa barbara

The region boasts many ancient towns of interest and historic cities whose architecture reveals the splendours of the past .
the region boasts many ancient towns of interest and historic cities whose [structure] reveals the splendours of the past .

Architecture of cancer
[structure] of cancer

Some say it tells ‘ the entire story of architecture ’ , others ‘ the entire story of architectural mistakes ’ .
some say it tells ‘ the entire story of [structure] ’ , others ‘ the entire story of architectural mistakes ’ .

This is an area which has received considerable attention from feminists in recent years , particularly feminist architects and builders in groups such as Matrix , The Women and Built Environment Group and the Feminist Design Co-op , who have begun to challenge traditional attitudes and assumptions held within the architecture profession .
this is an area which has received considerable attention from feminists in recent years , particularly feminist architects and builders in groups such as matrix , the women and built environment group and the feminist design co-op , who have begun to challenge traditional attitudes and assumptions held within the [structure] profession .

Tribute to classical artist shows love of architecture
tribute to classical artist shows love of [structure]

In a shopping forecourt in Darwin an example of this termite architecture stands ten feet or so tall with all the presence of a work of art : a piece of high-tome sculpture of the kind that might be shortlisted for a Turner Prize .
in a shopping forecourt in darwin an example of this termite [structure] stands ten feet or so tall with all the presence of a work of art : a piece of high-tome sculpture of the kind that might be shortlisted for a turner prize .

Art depends a lot on contrast and in urban areas there is plenty of that — even in a place like Darwin repeatedly bombed by the Japanese in World War 11 and further flattened by Cyclone Tracy in 1974 , now rebuilt as an up-to-date hotelsville in a style of architecture that , trying hard to be modern , succeeds in being already dated .
art depends a lot on contrast and in urban areas there is plenty of that — even in a place like darwin repeatedly bombed by the japanese in world war 11 and further flattened by cyclone tracy in 1974 , now rebuilt as an up-to-date hotelsville in a style of [structure] that , trying hard to be modern , succeeds in being already dated .

Termite architecture , Darwin , pencil and wash , 5×5¾″ ( 12.7×14.6 cm )
termite [structure] , darwin , pencil and wash , 5×5¾″ ( 12.7×14.6 cm )

Each of the section on Urban Architecture .
each of the section on urban [structure] .

Also opening next spring is an exciting new introductory display in the Queen Anne Casemates , explaining the castle 's rich history and outstanding architecture .
also opening next spring is an exciting new introductory display in the queen anne casemates , explaining the castle 's rich history and outstanding [structure] .

‘ The architecture of the cathedral is extremely confusing .
‘ the [structure] of the cathedral is extremely confusing .

all monuments to be clean , tidy and well maintained with clear information about their history and architecture
all monuments to be clean , tidy and well maintained with clear information about their history and [structure]

We have developed a most successful Urban Design Initiative where students from schools of architecture have participated with practitioners in developing imaginative approaches to exploring the potential of vacant urban sites .
we have developed a most successful urban design initiative where students from schools of [structure] have participated with practitioners in developing imaginative approaches to exploring the potential of vacant urban sites .

The President and Director-General became members of the new Architecture Round Table launched by the Chairman of the Arts Council , Lord Palumbo .
the president and director-general became members of the new [structure] round table launched by the chairman of the arts council , lord palumbo .

The Institute and a number of regions and branches were successful in obtaining grants from the Arts Council in the first tranche approved by its Architecture Unit .
the institute and a number of regions and branches were successful in obtaining grants from the arts council in the first tranche approved by its [structure] unit .

Council agreed that , after an interval of six years , it would again be prepared to consider applications for recognition from schools of architecture in South Africa .
council agreed that , after an interval of six years , it would again be prepared to consider applications for recognition from schools of [structure] in south africa .

To the traditional tasks of improving the climate in which members practice and provide them with support was added to the development of policies in fields such as housing , planning , energy and the environment and community architecture .
to the traditional tasks of improving the climate in which members practice and provide them with support was added to the development of policies in fields such as housing , planning , energy and the environment and community [structure] .

Community Architecture
community [structure]

1992 was the seventh year of the Altro Floors Sponsored President 's Medals for Architecture in Education .
1992 was the seventh year of the altro floors sponsored president 's medals for [structure] in education .

The Silver Medal was won by ( Royal College of Art ) , and the Bronze Medal by ( Mackintosh School of Architecture ) .
the silver medal was won by ( royal college of art ) , and the bronze medal by ( mackintosh school of [structure] ) .

Three packages dealing with uses of steel in architecture , sponsored by British Steel , are to be published at the beginning of 1993 .
three packages dealing with uses of steel in [structure] , sponsored by british steel , are to be published at the beginning of 1993 .

Quinquennial visits were made to the university schools of Bath , North London , Leeds Metropolitan , Humberside and Portsmouth and to the Architectural Association School of Architecture .
quinquennial visits were made to the university schools of bath , north london , leeds metropolitan , humberside and portsmouth and to the architectural association school of [structure] .

The Examination Enrolment and Membership Eligibility Panel interviewed and assessed the work of 24 office-based students either already enrolled in the Examination in Architecture or seeking entry thereto .
the examination enrolment and membership eligibility panel interviewed and assessed the work of 24 office-based students either already enrolled in the examination in [structure] or seeking entry thereto .

The Architecture Centre 's Schools Workshop continued with Bridge Building for 8–13 year olds in the Santiago Calatrava Exhibition , followed by ‘ Modelling in Light ’ at the Jubilee Line Exhibition .
the [structure] centre 's schools workshop continued with bridge building for 8–13 year olds in the santiago calatrava exhibition , followed by ‘ modelling in light ’ at the jubilee line exhibition .

On the recommendation of the Committee , the 1991 Sir Banister Fletcher Award of the Authors ' Club was awarded to James Stevens Curl for The Art and Architecture of Freemasonry : an Introductory Study ( Batsford , 1991 ) .
on the recommendation of the committee , the 1991 sir banister fletcher award of the authors ' club was awarded to james stevens curl for the art and [structure] of freemasonry : an introductory study ( batsford , 1991 ) .

During the coming year the Student Members of Council and the Student Liaison Officer will be working to promote involvement with and membership of the Institute by a number of methods including visiting schools of architecture throughout the country and maintaining contact with student representatives .
during the coming year the student members of council and the student liaison officer will be working to promote involvement with and membership of the institute by a number of methods including visiting schools of [structure] throughout the country and maintaining contact with student representatives .

The gallery at the regional Architecture Centre has been the focus for much of the region 's activity with an attractive and well supported series of exhibitions .
the gallery at the regional [structure] centre has been the focus for much of the region 's activity with an attractive and well supported series of exhibitions .

The President 's plans for an Architecture Centre at Portland Place came to fruition with an exciting and expanding programme of events .
the president 's plans for an [structure] centre at portland place came to fruition with an exciting and expanding programme of events .

In June the 1992 Royal Gold Medal for Architecture was presented to Peter Rice .
in june the 1992 royal gold medal for [structure] was presented to peter rice .

As part of Richard MacCormac 's drive to develop the building as an architecture centre , the exhibition programme at 66 Portland Place expanded considerably .
as part of richard maccormac 's drive to develop the building as an [structure] centre , the exhibition programme at 66 portland place expanded considerably .

The Gallery , a new permanent exhibition space on the first floor , opened in May with ‘ Model Architecture ’ , followed by a new series of exhibitions which included ‘ The World of Peter Rice , Engineer , 1992 Royal Gold Medallist ’ , to coincide with the presentation ceremony , and the work of Stanton Williams .
the gallery , a new permanent exhibition space on the first floor , opened in may with ‘ model [structure] ’ , followed by a new series of exhibitions which included ‘ the world of peter rice , engineer , 1992 royal gold medallist ’ , to coincide with the presentation ceremony , and the work of stanton williams .

It is rare for the most prestigious award for architecture in the world to be given to a non architect but the decision to award the 1992 Royal Gold Medal to the structural engineer , Peter Rice , was widely acclaimed .
it is rare for the most prestigious award for [structure] in the world to be given to a non architect but the decision to award the 1992 royal gold medal to the structural engineer , peter rice , was widely acclaimed .

Documentation was supplied to 1,887 architects and students of architecture , and the Office processed 697 actual submissions .
documentation was supplied to 1,887 architects and students of [structure] , and the office processed 697 actual submissions .

Historians and designers evaluated Modern buildings as works of architecture in the context of Scotland 's own national architectural tradition .
historians and designers evaluated modern buildings as works of [structure] in the context of scotland 's own national architectural tradition .

In our teenage imagination Sarajevo seemed a fine and exotic place , where the very architecture spoke of what Europe itself might become .
in our teenage imagination sarajevo seemed a fine and exotic place , where the very [structure] spoke of what europe itself might become .

Great in terms of size — three million people live there today — its architecture , its place in history , its potential role in world events .
great in terms of size — three million people live there today — its [structure] , its place in history , its potential role in world events .

Set against the enduring strength of the city 's architecture and way of life , the film reflects an attitude that you would recognise even now in Marchmont and the New Town .
set against the enduring strength of the city 's [structure] and way of life , the film reflects an attitude that you would recognise even now in marchmont and the new town .

The department offers supervision and teaching over a wide area of the history of art and architecture .
the department offers supervision and teaching over a wide area of the history of art and [structure] .

These areas include the following : Islamic art to c.1500 ; Western medieval art ; medieval architecture ; art and architecture in 14th to 17th-century Italy ; painting and sculpture in Northern Europe c.1250–c.1500 ; the Northern baroque ; Scottish art of 18th and 19th centuries ; 20th -century art in Europe America ; Chinese art ; the history of conservation .
these areas include the following : islamic art to c.1500 ; western medieval art ; medieval [structure] ; art and [structure] in 14th to 17th-century italy ; painting and sculpture in northern europe c.1250–c.1500 ; the northern baroque ; scottish art of 18th and 19th centuries ; 20th -century art in europe america ; chinese art ; the history of conservation .

Research supervision for the degrees of PhD and MPhil is available in the following fields : computer-aided architectural design ; environmental , climatic and energy-conscious design ; history and theory of architecture ; landscape architecture ; structures , materials and construction .
research supervision for the degrees of phd and mphil is available in the following fields : computer-aided architectural design ; environmental , climatic and energy-conscious design ; history and theory of [structure] ; landscape [structure] ; structures , materials and construction .

Research on the history and theory of Western architecture is co-ordinated within the Centre for Architectural History and Theory and may be linked to conservation or to issues in contemporary design .
research on the history and theory of western [structure] is co-ordinated within the centre for architectural history and theory and may be linked to conservation or to issues in contemporary design .

Two-year full-time course open to holders of a three-year degree in architecture with a good portfolio and a period of practical training .
two-year full-time course open to holders of a three-year degree in [structure] with a good portfolio and a period of practical training .

Contact : Department of Architecture ( see page 102 ) .
contact : department of [structure] ( see page 102 ) .

History of Art — Art and Ritual church , liturgy , architecture , furniture and decoration
history of art — art and ritual church , liturgy , [structure] , furniture and decoration

This course is intended as an introduction to research within the field of Christian art and architecture of the Middle Ages and Renaissance studied in the context of Christian belief and practice .
this course is intended as an introduction to research within the field of christian art and [structure] of the middle ages and renaissance studied in the context of christian belief and practice .

Landscape Architecture
landscape [structure]

Applicants require a good Honours degree ( or equivalent ) in an approved discipline , normally either from a design-based discipline such as architecture , civil engineering or planning , or one based on the biological sciences , and a year 's appropriate professional experience since graduating .
applicants require a good honours degree ( or equivalent ) in an approved discipline , normally either from a design-based discipline such as [structure] , civil engineering or planning , or one based on the biological sciences , and a year 's appropriate professional experience since graduating .

Contact : Department of Architecture ( see page 102 ) .
contact : department of [structure] ( see page 102 ) .

Candidates should have a degree in Landscape Architecture or a closely related discipline .
candidates should have a degree in landscape [structure] or a closely related discipline .

Contact : Department of Architecture ( see page 102 ) .
contact : department of [structure] ( see page 102 ) .

Nevertheless , we have already seen that it is possible to see some total societies as externalizations of paranoia ; not merely as collective projections ( which may also be present ) , but as realizations of paranoid processes within the architecture of the state .
nevertheless , we have already seen that it is possible to see some total societies as externalizations of paranoia ; not merely as collective projections ( which may also be present ) , but as realizations of paranoid processes within the [structure] of the state .

This impressive hall , of Victorian architecture with didactic embellishments , accommodates an assembly of two thousand two hundred — a truly dignified setting for graduations and other large-scale formal occasions .
this impressive hall , of victorian [structure] with didactic embellishments , accommodates an assembly of two thousand two hundred — a truly dignified setting for graduations and other large-scale formal occasions .

Some posts require specialist knowledge and a relevant degree ( eg medicine , architecture ) is essential .
some posts require specialist knowledge and a relevant degree ( eg medicine , [structure] ) is essential .

Subjects taught include Archaeology , Art , Architecture , Computing , Geography , History , Languages , Literature , Media Studies , Music , Personal Skills , Philosophy , Religion , Science , Social Science , Some classes lead to the award of Open Studies Certificates .
subjects taught include archaeology , art , [structure] , computing , geography , history , languages , literature , media studies , music , personal skills , philosophy , religion , science , social science , some classes lead to the award of open studies certificates .

Students taking degree courses involving field work ( eg Architecture , Ecology , Geography , and Geology ) can incur expenses of £200 plus , spread over the three , four or five years of the course , but can in most cases expect to receive some help from University funds in meeting these .
students taking degree courses involving field work ( eg [structure] , ecology , geography , and geology ) can incur expenses of £200 plus , spread over the three , four or five years of the course , but can in most cases expect to receive some help from university funds in meeting these .

History of Art 2 complements the first-year course by surveying the main developments in the art and architecture of Europe and the Near East from Late Antiquity to c. 1500 .
history of art 2 complements the first-year course by surveying the main developments in the art and [structure] of europe and the near east from late antiquity to c. 1500 .

In History of Art 3 and 4 , honours students specialise by choosing among such detailed courses as Royal Iconography in Medieval Islamic Art ; Gothic Architecture in France , England and Scotland ; Mythological Painting in Italy c. 1500 — 1650 ; Scottish Painting 1843 — 1979 ; and British and American Art c. 1940 — c. 1970 .
in history of art 3 and 4 , honours students specialise by choosing among such detailed courses as royal iconography in medieval islamic art ; gothic [structure] in france , england and scotland ; mythological painting in italy c. 1500 — 1650 ; scottish painting 1843 — 1979 ; and british and american art c. 1940 — c. 1970 .

Those departments involved in undergraduate teaching are : Accounting , Architecture , Business Studies , Canadian Studies , Economic and Social History , Economics , Geography , Nursing Studies , Politics , Psychology , Social Policy and Social Work , Social Anthropology , Sociology .
those departments involved in undergraduate teaching are : accounting , [structure] , business studies , canadian studies , economic and social history , economics , geography , nursing studies , politics , psychology , social policy and social work , social anthropology , sociology .

The possibilities of choice are rather less in the most obviously vocationally oriented degrees , such as Architecture , Housing Studies and Nursing Studies , but some freedom of action is still possible .
the possibilities of choice are rather less in the most obviously vocationally oriented degrees , such as [structure] , housing studies and nursing studies , but some freedom of action is still possible .

Apart from Architecture , Housing Studies and Nursing Studies students who are trained for particular professions , over half of the faculty 's graduates go immediately into full-time employment .
apart from [structure] , housing studies and nursing studies students who are trained for particular professions , over half of the faculty 's graduates go immediately into full-time employment .

At the present time the greatest demand is in Business Studies and Economics , in Architecture and in Psychology .
at the present time the greatest demand is in business studies and economics , in [structure] and in psychology .

The vocational course in architecture seeks to equip students with the knowledge and skills needed to enter the profession .
the vocational course in [structure] seeks to equip students with the knowledge and skills needed to enter the profession .

For this , five years of full-time study are complemented by two years of practical training in architects ' offices — the first between third and fourth years , and the second after completing the Diploma in Architecture .
for this , five years of full-time study are complemented by two years of practical training in architects ' offices — the first between third and fourth years , and the second after completing the diploma in [structure] .

Fourth Year focuses on architecture and the city , in parallel with studies of building technology , energy-conscious design , historic buildings and a dissertation .
fourth year focuses on [structure] and the city , in parallel with studies of building technology , energy-conscious design , historic buildings and a dissertation .

Since architecture is one of the visual arts , the study of architecture is also a study of the ways in which the philosophical , religious and intellectual preoccupations of societies find expression in visual form .
since [structure] is one of the visual arts , the study of [structure] is also a study of the ways in which the philosophical , religious and intellectual preoccupations of societies find expression in visual form .

The fact that vocational architecture students are taught in the same department is a particularly positive aspect because it results in expertise in all fields of building design being readily available to the historian .
the fact that vocational [structure] students are taught in the same department is a particularly positive aspect because it results in expertise in all fields of building design being readily available to the historian .

The city offers excellent experience of historic architecture in the medieval burgh of the ‘ Old Town ’ adjacent to the University , the Georgian ‘ New Town ’ , and Victorian and later buildings both in the centre and suburbs .
the city offers excellent experience of historic [structure] in the medieval burgh of the ‘ old town ’ adjacent to the university , the georgian ‘ new town ’ , and victorian and later buildings both in the centre and suburbs .

The architecture of the gland crypts was well preserved and there was mild goblet cell mucous depletion .
the [structure] of the gland crypts was well preserved and there was mild goblet cell mucous depletion .

Coeliac disease is characterised by malabsorbtion secondary to damage of the normal villous architecture of the small bowel .
coeliac disease is characterised by malabsorbtion secondary to damage of the normal villous [structure] of the small bowel .

The Etruscans were great builders and in this respect they occupy a similar relationship to the Romans in the development of architecture as do the Pelasgic and Minoan peoples to the Greek .
the etruscans were great builders and in this respect they occupy a similar relationship to the romans in the development of [structure] as do the pelasgic and minoan peoples to the greek .

It was in the Imperial age that the full magnificence and display of Roman architecture was reached .
it was in the imperial age that the full magnificence and display of roman [structure] was reached .

The development of the classical style of architecture with trabeated construction belongs to the Greeks , who carried this to the highest possible standard of artistic perfection .
the development of the classical style of [structure] with trabeated construction belongs to the greeks , who carried this to the highest possible standard of artistic perfection .

In Greek trabeated architecture the length of the lintel had determined the intercolumniation .
in greek trabeated [structure] the length of the lintel had determined the intercolumniation .

With the development of Imperial architecture and the need for large public gatherings in baths and basilicas the space was more often vaulted with brick and concrete .
with the development of imperial [structure] and the need for large public gatherings in baths and basilicas the space was more often vaulted with brick and concrete .

The Emperor Hadrian , who was a great lover of the arts and of Greek architecture in particular , supervised the work himself .
the emperor hadrian , who was a great lover of the arts and of greek [structure] in particular , supervised the work himself .

Domestic Architecture
domestic [structure]

It is in the field of domestic architecture that Pompeii is unique ; the houses are in a remarkable state of preservation and , apart from Herculaneum and Ostia , there is so little of such building extant .
it is in the field of domestic [structure] that pompeii is unique ; the houses are in a remarkable state of preservation and , apart from herculaneum and ostia , there is so little of such building extant .

It is in domestic architecture that Ostia provides the most interesting revelations for here are astonishingly well preserved remains of insulae , the tenement blocks which must have been constructed in quantity in Rome itself and , since Ostia is so near and as it had such close association with the capital , probably of a very similar character .
it is in domestic [structure] that ostia provides the most interesting revelations for here are astonishingly well preserved remains of insulae , the tenement blocks which must have been constructed in quantity in rome itself and , since ostia is so near and as it had such close association with the capital , probably of a very similar character .

The arch is a typical form of Roman building and , in the design of monumental arches or town gateways , has survived better than any other feature of Roman architecture .
the arch is a typical form of roman building and , in the design of monumental arches or town gateways , has survived better than any other feature of roman [structure] .

Such monumental works that are extant in all parts of the empire are without decoration of any kind , but consist simply of arch after arch for miles across the landscape , presenting an impressive and significant spectacle of considerable aesthetic quality , as important in the study of Roman architecture as , for example , the Colosseum .
such monumental works that are extant in all parts of the empire are without decoration of any kind , but consist simply of arch after arch for miles across the landscape , presenting an impressive and significant spectacle of considerable aesthetic quality , as important in the study of roman [structure] as , for example , the colosseum .

The interest and achievement of Byzantine architecture is in the wide spread of its influence in Europe and in its vital importance as a link , both structurally and aesthetically , between the work of Ancient Rome and the emergence of Romanesque .
the interest and achievement of byzantine [structure] is in the wide spread of its influence in europe and in its vital importance as a link , both structurally and aesthetically , between the work of ancient rome and the emergence of romanesque .

Extant remains of Byzantine architecture are largely in the form of churches and cathedrals and herein lies one of the chief differences between it and the preceding Roman epoch , which had produced much secular work as well as temples .
extant remains of byzantine [structure] are largely in the form of churches and cathedrals and herein lies one of the chief differences between it and the preceding roman epoch , which had produced much secular work as well as temples .

The structural link between Roman architecture and Romanesque was the Byzantine development of the dome .
the structural link between roman [structure] and romanesque was the byzantine development of the dome .

The Greeks had used the post and lintel principle — trabeated architecture ; the Romans used the arch and vault together with the post and lintel and combined the trabeated and arcuated forms of construction .
the greeks had used the post and lintel principle — trabeated [structure] ; the romans used the arch and vault together with the post and lintel and combined the trabeated and arcuated forms of construction .

In Byzantine architecture was evolved the principle of the dome set over a square , first upon squinches which , built across the corners , provided an octagonal base for the dome , and later on pendentives .
in byzantine [structure] was evolved the principle of the dome set over a square , first upon squinches which , built across the corners , provided an octagonal base for the dome , and later on pendentives .

Early Christian Architecture
early christian [structure]

These mosaics are not only decoration ; they are an integral part of the Byzantine scheme of architecture .
these mosaics are not only decoration ; they are an integral part of the byzantine scheme of [structure] .

The dome is the most typical feature of Byzantine architecture as were the orders to the Greek and the steeple to the Middle Ages .
the dome is the most typical feature of byzantine [structure] as were the orders to the greek and the steeple to the middle ages .

This great building is to Byzantine architecture what the Parthenon is to Greek .
this great building is to byzantine [structure] what the parthenon is to greek .

The influence of the Ravenna school of Byzantine architecture extended further east along the Adriatic coastline and included the Istrian peninsula in what is now Yugoslavia .
the influence of the ravenna school of byzantine [structure] extended further east along the adriatic coastline and included the istrian peninsula in what is now yugoslavia .

There are two buildings in Byzantine architecture which are of supreme importance constructionally and in design and which are also superb architecture .
there are two buildings in byzantine [structure] which are of supreme importance constructionally and in design and which are also superb [structure] .

Of all Greek cities this one was the most important under the Byzantine Empire and shows the closest affinity in art and architecture with Constantinople .
of all greek cities this one was the most important under the byzantine empire and shows the closest affinity in art and [structure] with constantinople .

The Church at Gračanica , built 1321 , is one of the most striking examples of Serbian Byzantine architecture .
the church at gračanica , built 1321 , is one of the most striking examples of serbian byzantine [structure] .

Like Russian Byzantine architecture , the best Rumanian Byzantine churches belong to a late period , in some cases , after the collapse of the Empire in Constantinople .
like russian byzantine [structure] , the best rumanian byzantine churches belong to a late period , in some cases , after the collapse of the empire in constantinople .

The Byzantine origins and influence dominated much of Russian architecture even into the sixteenth and seventeenth century .
the byzantine origins and influence dominated much of russian [structure] even into the sixteenth and seventeenth century .

The Russians were interested in and finally converted to Christianity at the end of the tenth century and from this time onwards their ecclesiastical architecture was based on that of Constantinople while the churches were , in many cases , built and decorated by Byzantine craftsmen .
the russians were interested in and finally converted to christianity at the end of the tenth century and from this time onwards their ecclesiastical [structure] was based on that of constantinople while the churches were , in many cases , built and decorated by byzantine craftsmen .

Byzantine architecture was introduced to three principal centres in Russia : Kiev , Novgorod and Vladimir .
byzantine [structure] was introduced to three principal centres in russia : kiev , novgorod and vladimir .

However , in 1239 the city succumbed to Tartar invasion and much of the Byzantine architecture was destroyed while church building developed further in areas which suffered less from barbarian attacks .
however , in 1239 the city succumbed to tartar invasion and much of the byzantine [structure] was destroyed while church building developed further in areas which suffered less from barbarian attacks .

Its tenth century architecture was strongly influenced by that of Kiev .
its tenth century [structure] was strongly influenced by that of kiev .

Thus , while Kiev was the originator in Russia of Byzantine architecture , Novgorod was the district where this architecture became Russianised and indigenous .
thus , while kiev was the originator in russia of byzantine [structure] , novgorod was the district where this [structure] became russianised and indigenous .

It typified the northern Russian timber interpretation of Byzantine architecture just as the cathedral at Kiev illustrated that of southern Russia in masonry .
it typified the northern russian timber interpretation of byzantine [structure] just as the cathedral at kiev illustrated that of southern russia in masonry .

Craftsmen had fled from Kiev and brought their architecture with them .
craftsmen had fled from kiev and brought their [structure] with them .

Until the fall of Constantinople in 1453 Russian Christian architecture had been directly inspired and assisted by artists and craftsmen from the Empire .
until the fall of constantinople in 1453 russian christian [structure] had been directly inspired and assisted by artists and craftsmen from the empire .

Here also the model was the Vladimir Cathedral but this design is much more in the tradition of Russian Byzantine architecture .
here also the model was the vladimir cathedral but this design is much more in the tradition of russian byzantine [structure] .

Greek Domestic Architecture
greek domestic [structure]

Before the coming of the Etruscans there was no advanced form of art and architecture .
before the coming of the etruscans there was no advanced form of art and [structure] .

Over five centuries they developed their own art and architecture , which were derived from Greek and oriental sources , but adapted to their needs in Italy .
over five centuries they developed their own art and [structure] , which were derived from greek and oriental sources , but adapted to their needs in italy .

Such estates , if sensitively planned can produce fine architecture and the spaces around and between houses can provide endless design opportunities .
such estates , if sensitively planned can produce fine [structure] and the spaces around and between houses can provide endless design opportunities .

The famous building , chosen from several other noteworthy contenders on the Glasgow Green , was erected in 1892 — the architecture of which was modelled on the Doge 's Palace in Venice .
the famous building , chosen from several other noteworthy contenders on the glasgow green , was erected in 1892 — the [structure] of which was modelled on the doge 's palace in venice .

Designer of the stamps , Paul Hogarth , commented that ‘ Glasgow presents a wide spectrum of flamboyant Victorian architecture and it was quite a task to choose something symbolic that would make a good image on the stamps .
designer of the stamps , paul hogarth , commented that ‘ glasgow presents a wide spectrum of flamboyant victorian [structure] and it was quite a task to choose something symbolic that would make a good image on the stamps .

After years of research , it brings together Glasgow 's regional and international links covering ; architecture , literature , the arts , theatre , industry , commerce and its people .
after years of research , it brings together glasgow 's regional and international links covering ; [structure] , literature , the arts , theatre , industry , commerce and its people .

This improvement in relations was reinforced at the biannual Franco-German summit in Paris on April 25-26 , when the two leaders also agreed to set up a joint study on the `` future architecture of Europe 's security `` .
this improvement in relations was reinforced at the biannual franco-german summit in paris on april 25-26 , when the two leaders also agreed to set up a joint study on the `` future [structure] of europe 's security `` .

With its dramatic buildings dominating the architecture of Reims and its ancient cellars , this house receives thousands of visitors each year .
with its dramatic buildings dominating the [structure] of reims and its ancient cellars , this house receives thousands of visitors each year .

Bartlett School of Architecture & Planning
bartlett school of [structure] & planning

Bartlett School of Architecture & Planning
bartlett school of [structure] & planning

Bartlett School of Architecture and Planning
bartlett school of [structure] and planning

Swimming forms the backbone of triathlon and actually provided the 20-year-old Queen 's architecture student with his introduction to the sport .
swimming forms the backbone of triathlon and actually provided the 20-year-old queen 's [structure] student with his introduction to the sport .

‘ Well , it 's just what it says , landscape architecture .
‘ well , it 's just what it says , landscape [structure] .

And now , eighteen years afterwards , in a poorly attended North London church of hideous architecture and amid clouds of strong incense , he seemed to have regained that faith .
and now , eighteen years afterwards , in a poorly attended north london church of hideous [structure] and amid clouds of strong incense , he seemed to have regained that faith .

Either the building was much bigger than it looked , or he was now on some wide underground level without having gone down any steps , or — as he was beginning to suspect — the inner dimensions of the place disobeyed a fairly basic rule of architecture by being bigger than the outside .
either the building was much bigger than it looked , or he was now on some wide underground level without having gone down any steps , or — as he was beginning to suspect — the inner dimensions of the place disobeyed a fairly basic rule of [structure] by being bigger than the outside .

Grasping her small suitcase in one hand , Gina followed the sign , drawing up with a soft exclamation of pleasure as she found herself in an oblong courtyard surrounded on two sides by what was obviously her hotel , a tall building of nineteenth-century architecture , its red-tiled roof gabled and decorated with iron curlicues , its many-paned white-framed windows set in mellowed red brick reflecting the pale northern sunshine .
grasping her small suitcase in one hand , gina followed the sign , drawing up with a soft exclamation of pleasure as she found herself in an oblong courtyard surrounded on two sides by what was obviously her hotel , a tall building of nineteenth-century [structure] , its red-tiled roof gabled and decorated with iron curlicues , its many-paned white-framed windows set in mellowed red brick reflecting the pale northern sunshine .

The architecture of three villages was theirs .
the [structure] of three villages was theirs .

But whatever might be achieved in architecture by such methods , in an organisation the results were less satisfactory .
but whatever might be achieved in [structure] by such methods , in an organisation the results were less satisfactory .

Need some florid Hungarian architecture .
need some florid hungarian [structure] .

There 's your speciality , church architecture and all that .
there 's your speciality , church [structure] and all that .

She had an older brother , but he was studying architecture in Italy .
she had an older brother , but he was studying [structure] in italy .

No one bans architecture .
no one bans [structure] .

‘ The rules for censorship of architecture might be difficult to draw up . ’
‘ the rules for censorship of [structure] might be difficult to draw up . ’

Timothy Mowl explains how the houses acquired for the University by the Wills family have preserved some of Bristol 's most interesting architecture .
timothy mowl explains how the houses acquired for the university by the wills family have preserved some of bristol 's most interesting [structure] .

The illustration of Clifton Hill with its icy reserve and its windows cut directly into the ashlar without surrounds is easily the most stylistically advanced in The Complete Body of Architecture that Ware published in 1756 to celebrate his life 's work .
the illustration of clifton hill with its icy reserve and its windows cut directly into the ashlar without surrounds is easily the most stylistically advanced in the complete body of [structure] that ware published in 1756 to celebrate his life 's work .

Third , in addition to text and numerics , output and display architecture has to be capable of delivering both sound and images to the required standards of any given application .
third , in addition to text and numerics , output and display [structure] has to be capable of delivering both sound and images to the required standards of any given application .

She is attracted to ‘ wonky ’ ( her word ) architecture and houses , things that look crazy and awry , particularly trains , viaducts , and fairgrounds and anything in repetitive rows .
she is attracted to ‘ wonky ’ ( her word ) [structure] and houses , things that look crazy and awry , particularly trains , viaducts , and fairgrounds and anything in repetitive rows .

The modernism they evoke is ‘ early ’ , bringing to mind the colour experiments of Itten and Albers , the compositions of the constructivists , perhaps even the architecture of the Bauhaus .
the modernism they evoke is ‘ early ’ , bringing to mind the colour experiments of itten and albers , the compositions of the constructivists , perhaps even the [structure] of the bauhaus .

With the gradual emergence of Europe from the disorders and chaos of the Dark Ages and the establishment of a Medieval society the story of architecture becomes more complex .
with the gradual emergence of europe from the disorders and chaos of the dark ages and the establishment of a medieval society the story of [structure] becomes more complex .

With Romanesque architecture and with its preceding movements in Saxon England , Visigothic Spain and Carolingian Germany , the situation is quite different .
with romanesque [structure] and with its preceding movements in saxon england , visigothic spain and carolingian germany , the situation is quite different .

Only some European countries possess remains of buildings , decoration , sculpture , pottery , burial and so on which enable us to trace the evolution of architecture during these centuries .
only some european countries possess remains of buildings , decoration , sculpture , pottery , burial and so on which enable us to trace the evolution of [structure] during these centuries .

Study and research into pre-Romanesque architecture is still comparatively recent and more is being found out each decade .
study and research into pre-romanesque [structure] is still comparatively recent and more is being found out each decade .

Visigothic architecture had established itself before the Moslem invasion and was flourishing from c. 450–720 .
visigothic [structure] had established itself before the moslem invasion and was flourishing from c. 450–720 .

Though the extensive story telling of the Bible and Gospels was developed especially in Gothic architecture , in the great portals and walls , Romanesque work too tells this story .
though the extensive story telling of the bible and gospels was developed especially in gothic [structure] , in the great portals and walls , romanesque work too tells this story .

Taking the river Loire as a boundary the lands north of this reflected the Norman influence — that same influence which produced England 's Norman architecture also that of Sicily and southern Italy .
taking the river loire as a boundary the lands north of this reflected the norman influence — that same influence which produced england 's norman [structure] also that of sicily and southern italy .

Norman architecture , owing something to Lombardic influences , was the earliest to develop the true Romanesque — as opposed to Roman — style .
norman [structure] , owing something to lombardic influences , was the earliest to develop the true romanesque — as opposed to roman — style .

In Provence the Romanesque architecture is different from that in most other parts of France .
in provence the romanesque [structure] is different from that in most other parts of france .

Even more than French , Italian Romanesque architecture was subjected to varied influences in different parts of the peninsula .
even more than french , italian romanesque [structure] was subjected to varied influences in different parts of the peninsula .

Southern Italy was under Norman domination and architecture here has much in common with Norman buildings in France and England , taking into account the different climatic conditions and needs of the area .
southern italy was under norman domination and [structure] here has much in common with norman buildings in france and england , taking into account the different climatic conditions and needs of the area .

Sicily is , like southern Italy , especially rich in Romanesque work , but in this region the Norman style , which was dominant , was tempered by the mixed heritage of the island — Saracenic and Byzantine , in particular — and the architecture is an exciting and enchanting amalgam of these influences and a unique study in its own right .
sicily is , like southern italy , especially rich in romanesque work , but in this region the norman style , which was dominant , was tempered by the mixed heritage of the island — saracenic and byzantine , in particular — and the [structure] is an exciting and enchanting amalgam of these influences and a unique study in its own right .

In general , however , Italian Romanesque architecture has , as in other European countries , common features .
in general , however , italian romanesque [structure] has , as in other european countries , common features .

Italian Romanesque architecture is of a very high standard of craftsmanship and beauty , differing from French , English or German examples but in general , ahead of these on contemporary development .
italian romanesque [structure] is of a very high standard of craftsmanship and beauty , differing from french , english or german examples but in general , ahead of these on contemporary development .

Venetian Romanesque architecture was dominated by the city 's eastern contacts and Byzantium continued to have more influence than Lombardy or Pisa .
venetian romanesque [structure] was dominated by the city 's eastern contacts and byzantium continued to have more influence than lombardy or pisa .

In this region exists the finest Romanesque architecture in Italy in quality and development .
in this region exists the finest romanesque [structure] in italy in quality and development .

Further south the Romanesque architecture is traditional but strongly tinged with classical forms from Rome .
further south the romanesque [structure] is traditional but strongly tinged with classical forms from rome .

Apulian Romanesque architecture is individual ; it has the Norman characteristics of power and solidity but also Saracenic arch construction and Byzantine decoration .
apulian romanesque [structure] is individual ; it has the norman characteristics of power and solidity but also saracenic arch construction and byzantine decoration .

It dates from the twelfth century and reflects the essence of Norman power and strength in architecture ( 282 ) .
it dates from the twelfth century and reflects the essence of norman power and strength in [structure] ( 282 ) .

English Norman architecture was , in the case of important buildings , constructed from stone , often Caen stone imported by William from Normandy .
english norman [structure] was , in the case of important buildings , constructed from stone , often caen stone imported by william from normandy .

It is sometimes stated that , due to the occupation of the Iberian Peninsula by the Moors until 1453 , there is almost no Romanesque architecture here .
it is sometimes stated that , due to the occupation of the iberian peninsula by the moors until 1453 , there is almost no romanesque [structure] here .

It is a fact that , due to Moorish occupation , Christian buildings exist mainly in the northern half of the country in a broad band stretching from the Pyrenees down the Mediterranean coast to Tarragona and across to the west coast at Santiago , but , because of the Moslem domination , the Christian opposition in Spain was warlike and strong and Romanesque architecture reflects this spirit .
it is a fact that , due to moorish occupation , christian buildings exist mainly in the northern half of the country in a broad band stretching from the pyrenees down the mediterranean coast to tarragona and across to the west coast at santiago , but , because of the moslem domination , the christian opposition in spain was warlike and strong and romanesque [structure] reflects this spirit .

As a result , Romanesque architecture lasted much longer than in Italy or France or England , indeed it was more on a par with Germany in this respect , but , equally , Gothic architecture when it arrived , also lasted much longer , delaying the Renaissance till the late sixteenth or early seventeenth century .
as a result , romanesque [structure] lasted much longer than in italy or france or england , indeed it was more on a par with germany in this respect , but , equally , gothic [structure] when it arrived , also lasted much longer , delaying the renaissance till the late sixteenth or early seventeenth century .

Spanish Romanesque architecture is subject to a number of influences , in particular , the mixture of Christian and Mohammedan sources — the basis of the country and its people for hundreds of years — and European sources , especially from France and Lombardy .
spanish romanesque [structure] is subject to a number of influences , in particular , the mixture of christian and mohammedan sources — the basis of the country and its people for hundreds of years — and european sources , especially from france and lombardy .

At this time the Moors had a higher standard of culture which included art and architecture .
at this time the moors had a higher standard of culture which included art and [structure] .

In contrast , the Spanish Romanesque is rougher , more austere , more solemn than not only Mohammedan architecture but also Romanesque work from elsewhere in Europe .
in contrast , the spanish romanesque is rougher , more austere , more solemn than not only mohammedan [structure] but also romanesque work from elsewhere in europe .

Thus , in the northern coastal districts and also particularly in Aragon , Navarre , Castile and across to Galicia , French influence on Romanesque architecture was paramount .
thus , in the northern coastal districts and also particularly in aragon , navarre , castile and across to galicia , french influence on romanesque [structure] was paramount .

Despite all these outside influences , Spanish Romanesque architecture remains individual and nationalistic , being fundamentally a marriage of the two parts of the population : Spanish Christian and Spanish Moslem .
despite all these outside influences , spanish romanesque [structure] remains individual and nationalistic , being fundamentally a marriage of the two parts of the population : spanish christian and spanish moslem .

The Cistercian Order in Spain , as in England , played an important part in establishing Gothic architecture .
the cistercian order in spain , as in england , played an important part in establishing gothic [structure] .

Romanesque architecture developed early in Germany .
romanesque [structure] developed early in germany .

Romanesque architecture in Germany lasted very late , as it did in Lombardy .
romanesque [structure] in germany lasted very late , as it did in lombardy .

Although most of the great churches and cathedrals of this area suffered greatly from damage inflicted in the Second World War , the region still possesses some impressive examples of German Romanesque architecture .
although most of the great churches and cathedrals of this area suffered greatly from damage inflicted in the second world war , the region still possesses some impressive examples of german romanesque [structure] .

In comparison with Germany , France , England or Italy , little Romanesque architecture survives in the Low Countries , in Scandinavia or in Eastern Europe .
in comparison with germany , france , england or italy , little romanesque [structure] survives in the low countries , in scandinavia or in eastern europe .

It was Giorgio Vasari who applied the word ‘ Gothic ’ to Medieval architecture .
it was giorgio vasari who applied the word ‘ gothic ’ to medieval [structure] .

Vasari , a sixteenth century Mannerist architect and historian , was only expressing the thinking of his time in equating Medieval architecture with barbarism .
vasari , a sixteenth century mannerist architect and historian , was only expressing the thinking of his time in equating medieval [structure] with barbarism .

To a post-Renaissance intellectual , the Middle Ages had advanced only a small way beyond the sixth century Goths ; it was the Renaissance which brought greatness to architecture .
to a post-renaissance intellectual , the middle ages had advanced only a small way beyond the sixth century goths ; it was the renaissance which brought greatness to [structure] .

Seen from a more distant perspective , we can appreciate that Gothic architecture ( for the term is now synonymous with Medieval building ) was a great art form in its own right .
seen from a more distant perspective , we can appreciate that gothic [structure] ( for the term is now synonymous with medieval building ) was a great art form in its own right .

Its conception and inspiration were totally dissimilar from the later classical form but , diverse and richly variable as it is throughout Europe , Gothic architecture is characteristically definable wherever it is to be found .
its conception and inspiration were totally dissimilar from the later classical form but , diverse and richly variable as it is throughout europe , gothic [structure] is characteristically definable wherever it is to be found .

Gothic architecture evolved from the Romanesque style but its characteristics are different .
gothic [structure] evolved from the romanesque style but its characteristics are different .

In the case of Gothic architecture , the pointed arch was evolved because it became the key to constructing buildings which were then desirable .
in the case of gothic [structure] , the pointed arch was evolved because it became the key to constructing buildings which were then desirable .

This led in turn to larger and higher buildings , extended window and door space and a complexity of design for exterior and interior undreamed of in Romanesque architecture .
this led in turn to larger and higher buildings , extended window and door space and a complexity of design for exterior and interior undreamed of in romanesque [structure] .

Window design is also a characteristic feature of Gothic architecture .
window design is also a characteristic feature of gothic [structure] .

Architecture reflected these differences .
[structure] reflected these differences .

In the south , Roman traditions made Romanesque architecture a natural style while , later , the climate made more suitable a greater affinity with Spanish and Italian Gothic forms than those of northern France .
in the south , roman traditions made romanesque [structure] a natural style while , later , the climate made more suitable a greater affinity with spanish and italian gothic forms than those of northern france .

The Cathedrals of Paris , Laon , Reims , Amiens , Chartres have all been likened to the Parthenon in Athens in that they , collectively and individually , present the greatest contribution to the architecture of their time — Gothic — and became prototypes for churches all over Europe .
the cathedrals of paris , laon , reims , amiens , chartres have all been likened to the parthenon in athens in that they , collectively and individually , present the greatest contribution to the [structure] of their time — gothic — and became prototypes for churches all over europe .

In the south of France , and especially the southeast , the legacy of Ancient Rome represented the overwhelming influence on Gothic architecture just as it had on Romanesque here before this .
in the south of france , and especially the southeast , the legacy of ancient rome represented the overwhelming influence on gothic [structure] just as it had on romanesque here before this .

The fifteenth century saw the final phase of Gothic architecture in France , when many richly ornamented buildings were erected in the flamboyant style .
the fifteenth century saw the final phase of gothic [structure] in france , when many richly ornamented buildings were erected in the flamboyant style .

Early Gothic work in this field was unpretentious and overshadowed by ecclesiastical architecture .
early gothic work in this field was unpretentious and overshadowed by ecclesiastical [structure] .

Thus Britain was isolated from Continental thought and evolved national characteristics in architecture as in other fields .
thus britain was isolated from continental thought and evolved national characteristics in [structure] as in other fields .

The Gothic style of architecture in England was employed from about 1170–1560 ; a long period , possibly longer than that in any other country .
the gothic style of [structure] in england was employed from about 1170–1560 ; a long period , possibly longer than that in any other country .

Ecclesiastical Architecture
ecclesiastical [structure]

This first main stage of Gothic architecture in England is often likened to the springtime of the style .
this first main stage of gothic [structure] in england is often likened to the springtime of the style .

From about 1360 onwards , English development of Gothic architecture began to diverge from that on the Continent and the Perpendicular style was evolved .
from about 1360 onwards , english development of gothic [structure] began to diverge from that on the continent and the perpendicular style was evolved .

Sandwiched between the Latin peoples of France and the Germanic peoples to the east , the architecture reflects both sources as well as some Spanish influence due to conquest .
sandwiched between the latin peoples of france and the germanic peoples to the east , the [structure] reflects both sources as well as some spanish influence due to conquest .

But in general the architecture of the area divides itself clearly in the period 1200–1600 into two main types .
but in general the [structure] of the area divides itself clearly in the period 1200–1600 into two main types .

The fifteenth century saw an emancipation of Belgian architecture from the French .
the fifteenth century saw an emancipation of belgian [structure] from the french .

The most impressive and the greatest example of secular Medieval architecture in Europe was the Cloth Hall at Ypres , built 1200–1304 .
the most impressive and the greatest example of secular medieval [structure] in europe was the cloth hall at ypres , built 1200–1304 .

In Germany Romanesque architecture had been so successfully adopted , and suited the needs and character of the peoples so well , there was reluctance to change it .
in germany romanesque [structure] had been so successfully adopted , and suited the needs and character of the peoples so well , there was reluctance to change it .

The House of Hapsburg came to power in 1273 , and soon afterwards Gothic architecture made its appearance .
the house of hapsburg came to power in 1273 , and soon afterwards gothic [structure] made its appearance .

The need for change was felt strongly , so builders cast their eyes at the ready-made style in neighbouring France and based their ideas of Gothic upon French schemes , especially Amiens Cathedral which , at that time , was the exemplar in western European architecture .
the need for change was felt strongly , so builders cast their eyes at the ready-made style in neighbouring france and based their ideas of gothic upon french schemes , especially amiens cathedral which , at that time , was the exemplar in western european [structure] .

The cathedrals and churches just described are mainly in the French tradition of Gothic architecture .
the cathedrals and churches just described are mainly in the french tradition of gothic [structure] .

Until 1939 Germany possessed many good examples of civic architecture from the fourteenth and fifteenth centuries .
until 1939 germany possessed many good examples of civic [structure] from the fourteenth and fifteenth centuries .

Swiss Medieval architecture is much like that in Germany though , in general , rather plainer , especially on the exteriors .
swiss medieval [structure] is much like that in germany though , in general , rather plainer , especially on the exteriors .

The architecture of Lausanne Cathedral is mainly thirteenth century Gothic , very simple , with plate tracery in the rose windows and lancet aisle windows all round the building .
the [structure] of lausanne cathedral is mainly thirteenth century gothic , very simple , with plate tracery in the rose windows and lancet aisle windows all round the building .

In contrast with Germany , there was no strong Romanesque tradition here and Gothic architecture , spread by the monastic orders , was soon accepted and established .
in contrast with germany , there was no strong romanesque tradition here and gothic [structure] , spread by the monastic orders , was soon accepted and established .

Secular remains of Gothic architecture in Czechoslovakia are fewer .
secular remains of gothic [structure] in czechoslovakia are fewer .

It is convenient to discuss the architecture of this area separately , although it cuts across the geographical frontiers of a number of present day countries .
it is convenient to discuss the [structure] of this area separately , although it cuts across the geographical frontiers of a number of present day countries .

This forced on builders a simple form of Gothic architecture .
this forced on builders a simple form of gothic [structure] .

Not surprisingly little of its pre-war architecture survives , but the fine monumental group of the Marktkirche and the Town Hall ( 551 ) survived in shell form and both are now fully restored .
not surprisingly little of its pre-war [structure] survives , but the fine monumental group of the marktkirche and the town hall ( 551 ) survived in shell form and both are now fully restored .

Gothic architecture was brought to Poland by the monastic orders , firstly the Cistercian , then the Dominicans and Franciscans .
gothic [structure] was brought to poland by the monastic orders , firstly the cistercian , then the dominicans and franciscans .

There is very little Gothic architecture in the Soviet Union .
there is very little gothic [structure] in the soviet union .

There is , however , apart from these regional differences , a similarity about most Scandinavian Medieval architecture .
there is , however , apart from these regional differences , a similarity about most scandinavian medieval [structure] .

Contemporary architecture , for example , is increasingly abstracted from the social and spatial contexts in which it is constructed .
contemporary [structure] , for example , is increasingly abstracted from the social and spatial contexts in which it is constructed .

The rest of us had a series of lectures on Russian and Latvian etiquette , literature , architecture , religion and recognition of uniforms and fighting vehicles of the Soviet Army .
the rest of us had a series of lectures on russian and latvian etiquette , literature , [structure] , religion and recognition of uniforms and fighting vehicles of the soviet army .

Leonard had given up architecture to help with the business .
leonard had given up [structure] to help with the business .

So we are consulting on proposals to extend competition under existing legislation to more manual and direct services ; extend competition requirements to construction-related professional services such as architecture , engineering and property management ; and in the longer term , require core services such as legal , finance , personnel and computing services to be opened up to competition .
so we are consulting on proposals to extend competition under existing legislation to more manual and direct services ; extend competition requirements to construction-related professional services such as [structure] , engineering and property management ; and in the longer term , require core services such as legal , finance , personnel and computing services to be opened up to competition .

The castle is a human body and while retaining a conventional castle architecture , Spenser sets out to show how the well-organised body is a fortress which can maintain itself from attack by savage exterior forces .
the castle is a human body and while retaining a conventional castle [structure] , spenser sets out to show how the well-organised body is a fortress which can maintain itself from attack by savage exterior forces .

‘ Bill lent me some of his architecture books , ’ she explained .
‘ bill lent me some of his [structure] books , ’ she explained .

For instance , a quick examination of the subclasses of the architecture schedules in Dewey shows that the subdivisions are not all of the same type .
for instance , a quick examination of the subclasses of the [structure] schedules in dewey shows that the subdivisions are not all of the same type .

Instead , they include classes covering architectural periods ( for example , Ancient Architecture from the earliest times to ca .
instead , they include classes covering architectural periods ( for example , ancient [structure] from the earliest times to ca .

300 , and Architecture from 300 1399 ) , the purpose of buildings ( e.g .
300 , and [structure] from 300 1399 ) , the purpose of buildings ( e.g .

Buildings at 690 is separated from Architecture at 720 .
buildings at 690 is separated from [structure] at 720 .

Along with a Chinese freelance photographer , Cavell had called for her that morning and whisked her round some of Taipei 's famous landmarks , the all-marble Chiang Kai-Shek Memorial , a colourful Buddhist temple , and the Grand Hotel with its magnificent Chinese architecture , pausing only long enough at each for the young man to take the photos that would help introduce Maria to the Taipei public , before escorting her back to the apartment and approving the outfit she planned to wear to the dinner the radio station was hosting for the rest of the local media that night .
along with a chinese freelance photographer , cavell had called for her that morning and whisked her round some of taipei 's famous landmarks , the all-marble chiang kai-shek memorial , a colourful buddhist temple , and the grand hotel with its magnificent chinese [structure] , pausing only long enough at each for the young man to take the photos that would help introduce maria to the taipei public , before escorting her back to the apartment and approving the outfit she planned to wear to the dinner the radio station was hosting for the rest of the local media that night .

Its colouring , combined with the dismal weather , the heavy-handed architecture and the beech trees dotting the grounds , created an atmosphere by which he felt instantly oppressed .
its colouring , combined with the dismal weather , the heavy-handed [structure] and the beech trees dotting the grounds , created an atmosphere by which he felt instantly oppressed .

it had been designed by an architect who was a follower of the new brutalism in architecture for which a police building gave full scope .
it had been designed by an architect who was a follower of the new brutalism in [structure] for which a police building gave full scope .

These are specialised qualifications necessary for working in particular professions , such as architecture , law and accountancy ; they are awarded by the professional body concerned .
these are specialised qualifications necessary for working in particular professions , such as [structure] , law and accountancy ; they are awarded by the professional body concerned .

Manucci 's account of Mughal India is as full of gossip as Bernier 's , but the precarious manner in which he chose to live his life meant that his book has rather more action in it : rather than fussing about the relative merits of Parisian and Mughal architecture , he fights as an artilleryman in the Mughal civil war , has his caravan ambushed by bandits , battles with a pressgang and is finally besieged in a fort on an island in the Indus .
manucci 's account of mughal india is as full of gossip as bernier 's , but the precarious manner in which he chose to live his life meant that his book has rather more action in it : rather than fussing about the relative merits of parisian and mughal [structure] , he fights as an artilleryman in the mughal civil war , has his caravan ambushed by bandits , battles with a pressgang and is finally besieged in a fort on an island in the indus .

Manucci , not normally responsive to architecture , dwells at length on its paintings , gardens and lakes , while Bernier pays it his ultimate tribute of recommending the construction of something similar in France .
manucci , not normally responsive to [structure] , dwells at length on its paintings , gardens and lakes , while bernier pays it his ultimate tribute of recommending the construction of something similar in france .

It is often the way with Mughal ruins : while the more primitive forts which preceded them still have an aura of power as they rise solid and impregnable from the burning plains , the silky refinement expressed in Mughal architecture turns , in decay , to something approaching seediness .
it is often the way with mughal ruins : while the more primitive forts which preceded them still have an aura of power as they rise solid and impregnable from the burning plains , the silky refinement expressed in mughal [structure] turns , in decay , to something approaching seediness .

In its clarity and purity of form , the mosque reminded me of the best early Cistercian architecture — that brief and precious half-century before the original ascetic urge began to give way to the worldly frivolity of the Later Middle Ages , the period that produced the great Chapter House at Fountains and the original dark-stone nave at Rievaulx .
in its clarity and purity of form , the mosque reminded me of the best early cistercian [structure] — that brief and precious half-century before the original ascetic urge began to give way to the worldly frivolity of the later middle ages , the period that produced the great chapter house at fountains and the original dark-stone nave at rievaulx .

The Damascene geographer al-Umari confirms what is implied by the tomb : that Delhi , for all its bazaars and shrines and fine architecture , was above all a barracks : ‘ The army [ of Delhi ] consists of 900,000 horsemen .
the damascene geographer al-umari confirms what is implied by the tomb : that delhi , for all its bazaars and shrines and fine [structure] , was above all a barracks : ‘ the army [ of delhi ] consists of 900,000 horsemen .

Although dealing primarily with architecture , Smith ( 1982 and 1983 ) also utilizes concepts such as similarity , orderliness and complexity in an attempt to understand the nature of aesthetic response .
although dealing primarily with [structure] , smith ( 1982 and 1983 ) also utilizes concepts such as similarity , orderliness and complexity in an attempt to understand the nature of aesthetic response .

Architecture and art are areas in which disorder may be deliberately generated by creating forms and relationships that have no precedent for the express purpose of attaining a new , higher level of orderliness .
[structure] and art are areas in which disorder may be deliberately generated by creating forms and relationships that have no precedent for the express purpose of attaining a new , higher level of orderliness .

Inside the church , the degree of elaboration and ostentation of both architecture and fittings indicates status and wealth in the community .
inside the church , the degree of elaboration and ostentation of both [structure] and fittings indicates status and wealth in the community .

When a commentary on Michael Rutter 's Fifteen Thousand Hours was formulated by Tizard and others ( 1980 ) it acknowledged in the first place that in the report an impressive base of data supported `` an architecture in which many common sense perceptions about schools were co-ordinated `` ( Tizard et al .
when a commentary on michael rutter 's fifteen thousand hours was formulated by tizard and others ( 1980 ) it acknowledged in the first place that in the report an impressive base of data supported `` an [structure] in which many common sense perceptions about schools were co-ordinated `` ( tizard et al .

She holds a diploma in Landscape Architecture from Manchester Polytechnic .
she holds a diploma in landscape [structure] from manchester polytechnic .

The first was to complete the new science block next to the existing school in a design which mirrors its Grade 11 listed architecture .
the first was to complete the new science block next to the existing school in a design which mirrors its grade 11 listed [structure] .

The Ministries of Education and Science were merged , the Ministry of Foreign Economic Relations was abolished , and a Ministry of Regional Development , Housing Policy and Construction replaced the Ministry of Construction and Architecture .
the ministries of education and science were merged , the ministry of foreign economic relations was abolished , and a ministry of regional development , housing policy and construction replaced the ministry of construction and [structure] .

( 9 ) Looking at art , architecture , inscriptions or statues , etc .
( 9 ) looking at art , [structure] , inscriptions or statues , etc .

This will help to distinguish those decisions which are required by the general graph-searching characteristics of the task , those required by the specific nature of the speech processing task , and those required by the particular system architecture .
this will help to distinguish those decisions which are required by the general graph-searching characteristics of the task , those required by the specific nature of the speech processing task , and those required by the particular system [structure] .

Hearsay-II 's blackboard architecture was designed to allow experimentation with the number and type of knowledge sources , as well as with strategies for controlling the knowledge processing .
hearsay-ii 's blackboard [structure] was designed to allow experimentation with the number and type of knowledge sources , as well as with strategies for controlling the knowledge processing .

We could thus highlight the problems faced by each system , and discuss the extent to which each system 's approach was influenced by its architecture .
we could thus highlight the problems faced by each system , and discuss the extent to which each system 's approach was influenced by its [structure] .

We could show when design decisions were forced by that architecture , and when the systems seemed to be facing common problems .
we could show when design decisions were forced by that [structure] , and when the systems seemed to be facing common problems .

Secondly , we would also like the system architecture to be an already well-understood computational tool .
secondly , we would also like the system [structure] to be an already well-understood computational tool .

Designing , implementing and understanding a brand new architecture , such as the blackboard system , is complicated enough without trying to solve the problems of speech processing at the same time .
designing , implementing and understanding a brand new [structure] , such as the blackboard system , is complicated enough without trying to solve the problems of speech processing at the same time .

And we would like the architecture to be as simple as possible , the idea being that such a self-effacing architecture would help lay bare the problems of speech processing .
and we would like the [structure] to be as simple as possible , the idea being that such a self-effacing [structure] would help lay bare the problems of speech processing .

Finally , the architecture should permit the parallel and fairly independent development of different component knowledge bases and methods of deploying them computationally .
finally , the [structure] should permit the parallel and fairly independent development of different component knowledge bases and methods of deploying them computationally .

An architecture which seemed to fulfill these requirements was the Chart parsing system ( Thompson and Ritchie 1984 ) .
an [structure] which seemed to fulfill these requirements was the chart parsing system ( thompson and ritchie 1984 ) .

This economic and fairly sparse architecture fulfilled the need for simplicity mentioned above .
this economic and fairly sparse [structure] fulfilled the need for simplicity mentioned above .

In summary , the main features of the architecture are as follows : the problem is viewed as one of directed search of a graph , this search space being contained within a single global data structure , the Chart .
in summary , the main features of the [structure] are as follows : the problem is viewed as one of directed search of a graph , this search space being contained within a single global data structure , the chart .

The component is original in its use of the Chart-based architecture described in the previous chapter .
the component is original in its use of the chart-based [structure] described in the previous chapter .

If this is the kind of filtering we require then we must develop an architecture which allows such changes of activity to be constantly monitored and responded to by the higher levels .
if this is the kind of filtering we require then we must develop an [structure] which allows such changes of activity to be constantly monitored and responded to by the higher levels .

Greek tragedy , he impressed on his audience , had been a total art form , a Gesamtkunst ( Wagner 's slogan , although Wagner 's name was not mentioned ) , to suit an age of whole men : a poetic drama that made use of architecture ( the theatre ) , painting ( scenery and costume ) , song , dance and music ; a drama created amid `` perfection and harmony `` by `` artistic man `` , who , at least in the earlier part of the fifth century , the time of Aeschylus , was poet , composer , conductor , producer and actor in one ; a drama performed at the communal festival of Dionysus before an audience which brought to the theatre something of the instinctive , rapturous spirit from which , in the Dionysiac celebrations , tragedy had originated in the first place .
greek tragedy , he impressed on his audience , had been a total art form , a gesamtkunst ( wagner 's slogan , although wagner 's name was not mentioned ) , to suit an age of whole men : a poetic drama that made use of [structure] ( the theatre ) , painting ( scenery and costume ) , song , dance and music ; a drama created amid `` perfection and harmony `` by `` artistic man `` , who , at least in the earlier part of the fifth century , the time of aeschylus , was poet , composer , conductor , producer and actor in one ; a drama performed at the communal festival of dionysus before an audience which brought to the theatre something of the instinctive , rapturous spirit from which , in the dionysiac celebrations , tragedy had originated in the first place .

As a Monk of the Abbey of Bec in France he made a study of architecture and this was to make him one of the foremost architects of his age .
as a monk of the abbey of bec in france he made a study of [structure] and this was to make him one of the foremost architects of his age .

The walls and roof were constructed of loose , flat rocks , the usual drystone architecture common to the Hebrides .
the walls and roof were constructed of loose , flat rocks , the usual drystone [structure] common to the hebrides .

Grafting experiments using avian embryonic intestinal endoderm , lead to well organised intestinal structures including crypt/ villus architecture , only when combined with mesenchyme .
grafting experiments using avian embryonic intestinal endoderm , lead to well organised intestinal structures including crypt/ villus [structure] , only when combined with mesenchyme .

In addition , the stem cells ' capacity for organotypic development — that is , for restoration of cell lineages and tissue architecture , should be unaffected by the isolation , culture or transplantation procedures .
in addition , the stem cells ' capacity for organotypic development — that is , for restoration of cell lineages and tissue [structure] , should be unaffected by the isolation , culture or transplantation procedures .

The wall of the artery has a normal architecture without signs of vasculitis , atherosclerosis or aneurysm formation .
the wall of the artery has a normal [structure] without signs of vasculitis , atherosclerosis or aneurysm formation .

There are few descriptions of the histological features of gold induced colitis , but a preservation of glandular architecture and diffuse inflammatory cell infiltrate sometimes with a prominent eosinophil component are said to be characteristic .
there are few descriptions of the histological features of gold induced colitis , but a preservation of glandular [structure] and diffuse inflammatory cell infiltrate sometimes with a prominent eosinophil component are said to be characteristic .

It is therefore not surprising that stasis and changes in faecal content lead to alterations in mucosal architecture and both acuteand chronic inflammation .
it is therefore not surprising that stasis and changes in faecal content lead to alterations in mucosal [structure] and both acuteand chronic inflammation .

Nevertheless , inverse correlation has been shown between volatile fatty acids reflecting anaerobic bacterial acitivity and altered mucosal architecture .
nevertheless , inverse correlation has been shown between volatile fatty acids reflecting anaerobic bacterial acitivity and altered mucosal [structure] .

It has been suggested that portal hypertension could be caused by an increased hepatic resistance to portal blood flow , as a consequence of sinusoidal collapse and distortion of liver architecture after extensive liver cell necrosis .
it has been suggested that portal hypertension could be caused by an increased hepatic resistance to portal blood flow , as a consequence of sinusoidal collapse and distortion of liver [structure] after extensive liver cell necrosis .

Immunohistological methods of assessing cell proliferation have particular advantages over other techniques because of the maintenance of cellular and tissue architecture , the relative simplicity of the methodology , and the rapidity of results .
immunohistological methods of assessing cell proliferation have particular advantages over other techniques because of the maintenance of cellular and tissue [structure] , the relative simplicity of the methodology , and the rapidity of results .

’ Histology ( Fig 1 ) showed complete effacement of the normal thyroid architecture and its replacement by dense collagenous and inflamed fibrous tissue .
’ histology ( fig 1 ) showed complete effacement of the normal thyroid [structure] and its replacement by dense collagenous and inflamed fibrous tissue .

Quantitative histology and computerised image analysis have shown that these features occur in a continuum , with the flat lesion at one end of the spectrum and a mucosa with normal villus and crypt architecture , but an abnormally high density or count of villus intraepithelial lymphocytes , at the other .
quantitative histology and computerised image analysis have shown that these features occur in a continuum , with the flat lesion at one end of the spectrum and a mucosa with normal villus and crypt [structure] , but an abnormally high density or count of villus intraepithelial lymphocytes , at the other .

the Empire 's hortatory architecture —
the empire 's hortatory [structure] —

Almost entirely surrounded by a circle of water that formed part of the original fortifications , and still linked to its neighbours and the port of Zeebrugge about eight miles away by canals , Bruges ' attraction is that its medieval architecture is remarkably intact .
almost entirely surrounded by a circle of water that formed part of the original fortifications , and still linked to its neighbours and the port of zeebrugge about eight miles away by canals , bruges ' attraction is that its medieval [structure] is remarkably intact .

Letter : A-road architecture
letter : a-road [structure]

The combination of commercial patronage , large-scale corporate architectural firms and those local authorities which hold materialistic values produces the kind of architecture described in Mr Glancey 's article .
the combination of commercial patronage , large-scale corporate architectural firms and those local authorities which hold materialistic values produces the kind of [structure] described in mr glancey 's article .

If the worst examples of A-road architecture are produced by a combination of developer , architect and local authority all holding the same materialistic values , the reverse is also true .
if the worst examples of a-road [structure] are produced by a combination of developer , architect and local authority all holding the same materialistic values , the reverse is also true .

The Labour administration approved the scheme wholeheartedly in 1986 , and used it at a public inquiry to try to oppose the imposition of more A-road architecture on the site approved by the previous Tory administration .
the labour administration approved the scheme wholeheartedly in 1986 , and used it at a public inquiry to try to oppose the imposition of more a-road [structure] on the site approved by the previous tory administration .

The crown also gave a lead in secular architecture .
the crown also gave a lead in secular [structure] .

As Dr David Starkey has pointed out , James 's palace is today the best example in Britain of that style of royal architecture which had such an effect on the political life of the court .
as dr david starkey has pointed out , james 's palace is today the best example in britain of that style of royal [structure] which had such an effect on the political life of the court .

Examples of the architecture to which Mary was accustomed during her early life in France .
examples of the [structure] to which mary was accustomed during her early life in france .

The island itself — its people and their occupations , its geology , fauna and flora , its architecture — would , it was hoped by the parents , widen horizons that a too intense dedication to music might narrow .
the island itself — its people and their occupations , its geology , fauna and flora , its [structure] — would , it was hoped by the parents , widen horizons that a too intense dedication to music might narrow .

While Nonconformists were not ‘ ashamed of the many-windowed chapel , the vulgar conventicle ’ , a Chairman of the Congregational Union told his audience during the 1897 May meetings , they had shown that they could ‘ also appreciate the noblest architecture , and pay for it , too !
while nonconformists were not ‘ ashamed of the many-windowed chapel , the vulgar conventicle ’ , a chairman of the congregational union told his audience during the 1897 may meetings , they had shown that they could ‘ also appreciate the noblest [structure] , and pay for it , too !

In 1847 the Congregational Union Year Book included a thirteen-page section , ‘ Remarks on Ecclesiastical Architecture as Applied to Nonconformist Chapels ’ .
in 1847 the congregational union year book included a thirteen-page section , ‘ remarks on ecclesiastical [structure] as applied to nonconformist chapels ’ .

Throughout the Victorian era there were constant criticisms of the devotion to Gothic architecture and especially ‘ Carpenter 's Gothic ’ .
throughout the victorian era there were constant criticisms of the devotion to gothic [structure] and especially ‘ carpenter 's gothic ’ .

When Booth 's assistant visited the church he praised it as a ‘ great and successful attempt to adapt the aspiring and inspiriting beauty of Gothic architecture to the congregational ideal ’ .
when booth 's assistant visited the church he praised it as a ‘ great and successful attempt to adapt the aspiring and inspiriting beauty of gothic [structure] to the congregational ideal ’ .

The style was Gothic and followed ‘ the best traditions of mediaeval church architecture , but to meet more advantageously the requirements of Protestant worship the nave is kept broader and shorter ’ .
the style was gothic and followed ‘ the best traditions of mediaeval church [structure] , but to meet more advantageously the requirements of protestant worship the nave is kept broader and shorter ’ .

Gothic architecture was never , however , totally accepted .
gothic [structure] was never , however , totally accepted .

Any form of ‘ ecclesiastical ’ architecture was seen as a hindrance to the ‘ unchurched millions ’ .
any form of ‘ ecclesiastical ’ [structure] was seen as a hindrance to the ‘ unchurched millions ’ .

In his design he is credited for seeing that ‘ auditorium planning need not be inconsistent with good architecture ’ .
in his design he is credited for seeing that ‘ auditorium planning need not be inconsistent with good [structure] ’ .

Let Nonconformity ‘ only have courage to develop on its own lines , to be itself , and not a pale imitation of Anglican architecture , and the possibilities before it are very great .
let nonconformity ‘ only have courage to develop on its own lines , to be itself , and not a pale imitation of anglican [structure] , and the possibilities before it are very great .

Critics then and now say that Nonconformity did not create a new architecture after they had given up the old seventeenth and eighteenth-century meeting house .
critics then and now say that nonconformity did not create a new [structure] after they had given up the old seventeenth and eighteenth-century meeting house .

He was impressed by the variety , originality and eclecticism of Nonconformist architecture : ‘ The grateful lesson , which , as the preceding [ discussion ] obviously shows , English Nonconformist architecture has given architects , serves as a means of liberation which , from the architectural point of view , deserves a thorough consideration .
he was impressed by the variety , originality and eclecticism of nonconformist [structure] : ‘ the grateful lesson , which , as the preceding [ discussion ] obviously shows , english nonconformist [structure] has given architects , serves as a means of liberation which , from the architectural point of view , deserves a thorough consideration .

’ In some cases even those more conservative chapels which stood aside from the changing fashions made notable contributions to their own town 's architecture .
’ in some cases even those more conservative chapels which stood aside from the changing fashions made notable contributions to their own town 's [structure] .

Another Gramophone critic found his Viennese recording of Beethoven 's Fifth Symphony unpleasant in its ruthlessness , in marked contrast to a performance of the symphony at Karajan 's début concert with the Philharmonia Orchestra in April 1948 which the reviewer remembered for its grasp of musical architecture and its remarkable intensity of feeling .
another gramophone critic found his viennese recording of beethoven 's fifth symphony unpleasant in its ruthlessness , in marked contrast to a performance of the symphony at karajan 's début concert with the philharmonia orchestra in april 1948 which the reviewer remembered for its grasp of musical [structure] and its remarkable intensity of feeling .

He took us on expeditions to Italy to see the architecture and the painting .
he took us on expeditions to italy to see the [structure] and the painting .

Its widespread influence in architecture has linked it with a joyless form of economic and technological functionalism that was not the intent of the originators .
its widespread influence in [structure] has linked it with a joyless form of economic and technological functionalism that was not the intent of the originators .

The Vesica piscis became an important emotional symbol and also a practical geometrician 's tool throughout Gothic architecture , sculpture and painting .
the vesica piscis became an important emotional symbol and also a practical geometrician 's tool throughout gothic [structure] , sculpture and painting .

The wondrous architecture of the world ,
the wondrous [structure] of the world ,

In architecture , the worm 's eye view is rarely required .
in [structure] , the worm 's eye view is rarely required .

The geometric perspective box created the stage upon which the great dramas of European painting , theatre , internal and external architecture and materialist thinking generally have evolved since the Renaissance .
the geometric perspective box created the stage upon which the great dramas of european painting , theatre , internal and external [structure] and materialist thinking generally have evolved since the renaissance .

It can be used at both small and large scale , in the construction of aircraft and in the architecture of their vast shelters , hangars , stadia and the like .
it can be used at both small and large scale , in the construction of aircraft and in the [structure] of their vast shelters , hangars , stadia and the like .

Memorable architecture is top weighted … whatever the period or culture .
memorable [structure] is top weighted … whatever the period or culture .

We are acutely sensitive to sedimentary layering , perhaps because of our origins in prehistory ? Certainly its emotive possibilities go beyond obvious applications in architecture and landscaping to a structuring , by analogy , of graphics and music .
we are acutely sensitive to sedimentary layering , perhaps because of our origins in prehistory ? certainly its emotive possibilities go beyond obvious applications in [structure] and landscaping to a structuring , by analogy , of graphics and music .

Quite apart from the obvious expression of kinetic energy in the mechanics and electronics of contemporary kinetic arts , static forms of painting , sculpture and architecture can freeze kinetic energy during the process of their creation .
quite apart from the obvious expression of kinetic energy in the mechanics and electronics of contemporary kinetic arts , static forms of painting , sculpture and [structure] can freeze kinetic energy during the process of their creation .

Similarly , the punctuation of changes of state , such as window frames , doorways , bearings and edging strips are as expressive in painting and music as they are necessary in architecture and mechanics .
similarly , the punctuation of changes of state , such as window frames , doorways , bearings and edging strips are as expressive in painting and music as they are necessary in [structure] and mechanics .

Memorable works of art have memorable silhouettes , whether they be architecture , sculpture , painting or , by analogy , writing and music .
memorable works of art have memorable silhouettes , whether they be [structure] , sculpture , painting or , by analogy , writing and music .

The squeezing and elongation of materials is a basic design expression , nowhere better explored than in Baroque architecture of the eighteenth century and , more recently , abstract expressionism of the twentieth century .
the squeezing and elongation of materials is a basic design expression , nowhere better explored than in baroque [structure] of the eighteenth century and , more recently , abstract expressionism of the twentieth century .

‘ Your architecture reflects the history too , you have things like Roman walls and roads , we have nothing like that , ’ she added .
‘ your [structure] reflects the history too , you have things like roman walls and roads , we have nothing like that , ’ she added .

The speeches of Prince Philip on the preservation of wildlife , of Prince Charles on modern architecture or inner city deprivation , gain entry to the newspapers and television news bulletins automatically , although the sentiments they express are unexceptional , the ideas unoriginal and their delivery undramatic .
the speeches of prince philip on the preservation of wildlife , of prince charles on modern [structure] or inner city deprivation , gain entry to the newspapers and television news bulletins automatically , although the sentiments they express are unexceptional , the ideas unoriginal and their delivery undramatic .

David French , head of Relate , has a passion for fine architecture , finds Anthea Hall
david french , head of relate , has a passion for fine [structure] , finds anthea hall

Not for him the intricate miracles of Gothic architecture .
not for him the intricate miracles of gothic [structure] .

He speaks with feeling about the magic of a solid , round arch : ‘ You go into wonderful places like York Minster with its beautiful tracery , but , for me , the sheer strength and solidity of Romanesque architecture — its robustness and simplicity — are endlessly fascinating .
he speaks with feeling about the magic of a solid , round arch : ‘ you go into wonderful places like york minster with its beautiful tracery , but , for me , the sheer strength and solidity of romanesque [structure] — its robustness and simplicity — are endlessly fascinating .

By designing its machines to have a modular architecture upgrading , it becomes a simple task of swapping one processor card for another .
by designing its machines to have a modular [structure] upgrading , it becomes a simple task of swapping one processor card for another .

The Oxford group was at the forefront of X-ray crystallography , a technique for deducing atomic architecture from the way X-rays are scattered .
the oxford group was at the forefront of x-ray crystallography , a technique for deducing atomic [structure] from the way x-rays are scattered .

The programme 's brief is to embrace literature and architecture as well as less demanding subjects such as fashion , video and film .
the programme 's brief is to embrace literature and [structure] as well as less demanding subjects such as fashion , video and film .

What , for example , is one to make of New Zealand 's pavilion , fronted with a giant rockery , complete with plastic seagulls and mechanical penguins ? How can Greece , the birthplace of Classical architecture , justify a mirror-glass box with spindly steel pavilions , or the Vatican another exercise in plate glass which appears to have been spawned by Texas Homecare ?
what , for example , is one to make of new zealand 's pavilion , fronted with a giant rockery , complete with plastic seagulls and mechanical penguins ? how can greece , the birthplace of classical [structure] , justify a mirror-glass box with spindly steel pavilions , or the vatican another exercise in plate glass which appears to have been spawned by texas homecare ?

Wood is also the raw material for Japan 's pavilion ; designed by Tadao Ando it is a serious , even solemn , piece of architecture .
wood is also the raw material for japan 's pavilion ; designed by tadao ando it is a serious , even solemn , piece of [structure] .

The typical visitor ( paying an adult admission charge of £23 ) is probably less likely to be interested in the architecture of the pavilions than in their contents .
the typical visitor ( paying an adult admission charge of £23 ) is probably less likely to be interested in the [structure] of the pavilions than in their contents .

( British Steel , incidentally , a major backer , wisely contented itself with anchoring a rather elegant yacht outside , a nice counterpoise to Grimshaw 's distinctly nautical architecture . )
( british steel , incidentally , a major backer , wisely contented itself with anchoring a rather elegant yacht outside , a nice counterpoise to grimshaw 's distinctly nautical [structure] . )

Church ruined after surviving Fire and Blitz Kenneth Powell , Architecture Correspondent , assesses the damage caused to City landmarks
church ruined after surviving fire and blitz kenneth powell , [structure] correspondent , assesses the damage caused to city landmarks

Because if London were a theme park there 'd be no more hassles about modern architecture , no more palaver about Europe , no more worrying about national health ( a theme park with socialized medicine ? )
because if london were a theme park there 'd be no more hassles about modern [structure] , no more palaver about europe , no more worrying about national health ( a theme park with socialized medicine ? )

So , the Euro-business capital lacks excitement , but the architecture 's good and the food is even better
so , the euro-business capital lacks excitement , but the [structure] 's good and the food is even better

Copyright , which under the Copyright Act 1956 extends to every original literary , dramatic , musical , and artistic work , including photographs , sculpture , and architecture , means the sole right of producing or reproducing the work in any material form , and of performing , or in the case of a lecture , delivering , it in public ; it includes the sole right of translation and of converting a dramatic into a non-dramatic work , and vice versa , and of making gramophone records , movie films , and similar devices for the mechanical performance of the work .
copyright , which under the copyright act 1956 extends to every original literary , dramatic , musical , and artistic work , including photographs , sculpture , and [structure] , means the sole right of producing or reproducing the work in any material form , and of performing , or in the case of a lecture , delivering , it in public ; it includes the sole right of translation and of converting a dramatic into a non-dramatic work , and vice versa , and of making gramophone records , movie films , and similar devices for the mechanical performance of the work .

There needs to be more dips , swerves , lapses , use of space and architecture .
there needs to be more dips , swerves , lapses , use of space and [structure] .

But musically at least , you 've moved from Stooges-meets-Beefheart conflagration to something more classically structured : the songs are like the charred and gutted husks of magnificent pop architecture . And figures like Dylan and Leonard Cohen and Tim Rose have become important to you …
but musically at least , you 've moved from stooges-meets-beefheart conflagration to something more classically structured : the songs are like the charred and gutted husks of magnificent pop [structure] . and figures like dylan and leonard cohen and tim rose have become important to you …

Architecture taken out of Palladio had been translated into English and published in England in 1663 , as had Gerbier 's Counsel and Advice to Builders .
[structure] taken out of palladio had been translated into english and published in england in 1663 , as had gerbier 's counsel and advice to builders .

John Julius Norwich , in his book , The Architecture of Southern England , sums up quite simply : ‘ The Old Parsonage is a ravishing stone house of about 1700 with two storeys of five bays beneath a hipped roof ; unpretentious , but in its way , perfect .
john julius norwich , in his book , the [structure] of southern england , sums up quite simply : ‘ the old parsonage is a ravishing stone house of about 1700 with two storeys of five bays beneath a hipped roof ; unpretentious , but in its way , perfect .

‘ It is a very remarkable house , ’ he says , ‘ from the point of view of English , not only of Wiltshire architecture .
‘ it is a very remarkable house , ’ he says , ‘ from the point of view of english , not only of wiltshire [structure] .

In 1931 Brian Guinness ( later Lord Moyne ) , the author and poet , who had lived in Ireland and had been spoiled with beautiful architecture , bought Biddesden , recognizing it as one of the most exceptional small houses in England .
in 1931 brian guinness ( later lord moyne ) , the author and poet , who had lived in ireland and had been spoiled with beautiful [structure] , bought biddesden , recognizing it as one of the most exceptional small houses in england .

The symmetrical and classical looking house was new reaching every corner of England and by the end of the eighteenth century our traditional , organic and unselfconscious architecture was fast disappearing .
the symmetrical and classical looking house was new reaching every corner of england and by the end of the eighteenth century our traditional , organic and unselfconscious [structure] was fast disappearing .

They rebelled against the Palladian sense of order and then led a classical revival which heralded the architecture of the beginning of the next century .
they rebelled against the palladian sense of order and then led a classical revival which heralded the [structure] of the beginning of the next century .

On a minor , but parallel line , from the 1740s onwards the aesthetic rich began building rustic , Gothick and Chinese garden houses and this picturesque style slowly crept into small house architecture .
on a minor , but parallel line , from the 1740s onwards the aesthetic rich began building rustic , gothick and chinese garden houses and this picturesque style slowly crept into small house [structure] .

‘ It was a mere chateau in the Italian style of architecture , ’ wrote Osbaldeston of Ebberston , ‘ and not large enough for us ; but we took it .
‘ it was a mere chateau in the italian style of [structure] , ’ wrote osbaldeston of ebberston , ‘ and not large enough for us ; but we took it .

It has little to do with local regional architecture .
it has little to do with local regional [structure] .

The provinces were reluctant to accept the change from casements , but once they did , the whole look of England 's houses changed and the Georgian period of architecture became easily definable .
the provinces were reluctant to accept the change from casements , but once they did , the whole look of england 's houses changed and the georgian period of [structure] became easily definable .

Built in 1749 of blue glazed and red bricks in the local ‘ Wantage ’ style , it exemplifies the comfortably satisfactory feeling of mid-Georgian domestic architecture .
built in 1749 of blue glazed and red bricks in the local ‘ wantage ’ style , it exemplifies the comfortably satisfactory feeling of mid-georgian domestic [structure] .

Clutterbuck was an architect manqué himself and would obviously have seen their pattern books , including the one from which this design derives : Chinese and Gothick Architecture Properly Ornamented .
clutterbuck was an architect manqué himself and would obviously have seen their pattern books , including the one from which this design derives : chinese and gothick [structure] properly ornamented .

He had no interest in the architecture of what was then merely a rather dull manor house , but kept on improving the estate , which was to give pleasure to the Welch family until the Second World War .
he had no interest in the [structure] of what was then merely a rather dull manor house , but kept on improving the estate , which was to give pleasure to the welch family until the second world war .

There was a strong and pure Greek revival which happened as a result of contemporary scholars studying Greek antiquities , and which produced severe and masculine architecture .
there was a strong and pure greek revival which happened as a result of contemporary scholars studying greek antiquities , and which produced severe and masculine [structure] .

Gilpin 's theories on the return to pastoralism had a profound effect on his contemporaries , and from them , together with much sentimental theory from Sir Uvedale Price and Richard Payne Knight , a distinctly picturesque architecture evolved .
gilpin 's theories on the return to pastoralism had a profound effect on his contemporaries , and from them , together with much sentimental theory from sir uvedale price and richard payne knight , a distinctly picturesque [structure] evolved .

He believed that good architecture could only be created by good people and that you could only be good by being an unreformed Christian .
he believed that good [structure] could only be created by good people and that you could only be good by being an unreformed christian .

It is typical of a certain sort of domestic architecture which exudes an air of virtue and solidity .
it is typical of a certain sort of domestic [structure] which exudes an air of virtue and solidity .

Daukes was a great admirer of Pugan 's architecture , including St Marie 's Grange , though not of his high-minded religious ideas , ; he was very low church himself .
daukes was a great admirer of pugan 's [structure] , including st marie 's grange , though not of his high-minded religious ideas , ; he was very low church himself .

Our house building ought to develop naturally … a natural architecture is a rational healthy builder 's art expressing itself soberly through the medium of masonry and carpentry .
our house building ought to develop naturally … a natural [structure] is a rational healthy builder 's art expressing itself soberly through the medium of masonry and carpentry .

His was a free style of architecture which embraced bits of everything , and it was he , together with his friend and partner Nesfield , who invented the ‘ Queen Anne ’ style .
his was a free style of [structure] which embraced bits of everything , and it was he , together with his friend and partner nesfield , who invented the ‘ queen anne ’ style .

The Cité des Sciences et de l'Industrie near the Porte de la Villette in Paris is one of those technological markers the French like to put down to show that architecture in their capital is not all ormulu and Belle Epoque .
the cité des sciences et de l'industrie near the porte de la villette in paris is one of those technological markers the french like to put down to show that [structure] in their capital is not all ormulu and belle epoque .

Budapest , by contrast , benefits from crumbling but attractive architecture , and has dozens of new expense-account-friendly restaurants that happily take credit cards .
budapest , by contrast , benefits from crumbling but attractive [structure] , and has dozens of new expense-account-friendly restaurants that happily take credit cards .

New York was long known as the imperial city — the place that drilled tunnels and threw majestic bridges across the East and Hudson rivers , whose railway stations celebrated beaux-arts architecture , and where rich visionaries went to town with such mighty groups of buildings as the Rockefeller Centre .
new york was long known as the imperial city — the place that drilled tunnels and threw majestic bridges across the east and hudson rivers , whose railway stations celebrated beaux-arts [structure] , and where rich visionaries went to town with such mighty groups of buildings as the rockefeller centre .

The climate , the landscape and what remains of German architecture all set Kaliningrad somewhat apart from the government in Moscow 600 miles to the east .
the climate , the landscape and what remains of german [structure] all set kaliningrad somewhat apart from the government in moscow 600 miles to the east .

But , according to the guide book , Notre Dame was regarded by contemporary opinion as a masterpiece of 19th-century gothic architecture .
but , according to the guide book , notre dame was regarded by contemporary opinion as a masterpiece of 19th-century gothic [structure] .

Prominent in the latter are property developer Trevor Osborne , effectively the group 's chairman , Michael Abrahams ( of the ‘ Pru ’ and a prominent fund-raiser for the Prince 's Institute ) and Lord Stevens ( incoming chairman of English Heritage ) , along with representatives of the Arts Council , Architecture Foundation and other interested parties .
prominent in the latter are property developer trevor osborne , effectively the group 's chairman , michael abrahams ( of the ‘ pru ’ and a prominent fund-raiser for the prince 's institute ) and lord stevens ( incoming chairman of english heritage ) , along with representatives of the arts council , [structure] foundation and other interested parties .

Such opulence looked out of place on the streets of Prague , where the riches are in the historic architecture — and the best of that , sensibly , is in a traffic-free zone .
such opulence looked out of place on the streets of prague , where the riches are in the historic [structure] — and the best of that , sensibly , is in a traffic-free zone .

On Swan 's Art Treasures Tour of Malta we mixed culture with more basic sight-seeing , taking in not only the great prehistoric temples of Gigantia , the stupendous fortifications and baroque architecture of Valletta and the numerous modern churches with their vast , red domes , but also the Blue Grotto , a performance of Mozart 's Requiem in the oldest theatre in Europe , and a botanical garden .
on swan 's art treasures tour of malta we mixed culture with more basic sight-seeing , taking in not only the great prehistoric temples of gigantia , the stupendous fortifications and baroque [structure] of valletta and the numerous modern churches with their vast , red domes , but also the blue grotto , a performance of mozart 's requiem in the oldest theatre in europe , and a botanical garden .

Martin Randall 's company organises art , archaeology , architecture , history and music tours all over Europe , and in the near and Far East .
martin randall 's company organises art , archaeology , [structure] , history and music tours all over europe , and in the near and far east .

We were escorted on the Prospect Tour by Dr Francis Woodman , an art historian who lectures part-time at the Bartlett School of Architecture and at University College , London .
we were escorted on the prospect tour by dr francis woodman , an art historian who lectures part-time at the bartlett school of [structure] and at university college , london .

He had the ability of good actors or teachers to communicate his own enthusiasm repeatedly , especially for his special subject , the history of architecture .
he had the ability of good actors or teachers to communicate his own enthusiasm repeatedly , especially for his special subject , the history of [structure] .

What captivated us was not only the beauty of the art and architecture but the immediacy of ancient Egyptian life .
what captivated us was not only the beauty of the art and [structure] but the immediacy of ancient egyptian life .

The robust staircase would seem to be in an earlier style than the architecture of the house .
the robust staircase would seem to be in an earlier style than the [structure] of the house .

But Aulnay , just over 10 miles north-east of St Jean , is probably the best , its unassuming architecture a perfect frame for the sheer artistry of the carvings round its doors and windows .
but aulnay , just over 10 miles north-east of st jean , is probably the best , its unassuming [structure] a perfect frame for the sheer artistry of the carvings round its doors and windows .

The aim has been to combine the old architecture with new building that relies on traditional materials and a degree of craftsmanship .
the aim has been to combine the old [structure] with new building that relies on traditional materials and a degree of craftsmanship .

Those hostile to excessive party discipline in Westminster ( a frequent charge ) should realise that , unlike the case in other constitutions , there has never been the ‘ conspiracy of silence ’ about the existence of parties : on the contrary , the very architecture of the House of Commons speaks volumes about the place of party allegiance in the parliamentary process .
those hostile to excessive party discipline in westminster ( a frequent charge ) should realise that , unlike the case in other constitutions , there has never been the ‘ conspiracy of silence ’ about the existence of parties : on the contrary , the very [structure] of the house of commons speaks volumes about the place of party allegiance in the parliamentary process .

An astonishing group of palaces and fortresses built in Spain by the Moors and now a legacy of their stunning architecture .
an astonishing group of palaces and fortresses built in spain by the moors and now a legacy of their stunning [structure] .

The architecture and culture feel pleasantly familiar and the friendly atmosphere makes Tenerife particularly attractive .
the [structure] and culture feel pleasantly familiar and the friendly atmosphere makes tenerife particularly attractive .

It is a beautiful and romantic city , famous for its Baroque style of architecture .
it is a beautiful and romantic city , famous for its baroque style of [structure] .

Salzburg is not far away and is well worth a visit to see the wonderful Baroque architecture of this elegant city .
salzburg is not far away and is well worth a visit to see the wonderful baroque [structure] of this elegant city .

Carbon is versatile in chemistry in the way that bricks are versatile in architecture : it seems able to give rise to an infinity of different molecules , just as bricks can be employed to create a garden path or a palace .
carbon is versatile in chemistry in the way that bricks are versatile in [structure] : it seems able to give rise to an infinity of different molecules , just as bricks can be employed to create a garden path or a palace .

In the oceans , too , as we saw , the turnover of life can be prodigious , but except in the mangroves and a few other places there are no big and permanent plants ; the only complex , permanent living architecture in the oceans is provided by the coral reefs .
in the oceans , too , as we saw , the turnover of life can be prodigious , but except in the mangroves and a few other places there are no big and permanent plants ; the only complex , permanent living [structure] in the oceans is provided by the coral reefs .

And although many architects still find it hard to say Charles 's name without curling their lips , most of them do admit that by bringing the whole subject into the public domain , architecture has had a much-needed shot in the arm .
and although many architects still find it hard to say charles 's name without curling their lips , most of them do admit that by bringing the whole subject into the public domain , [structure] has had a much-needed shot in the arm .

Community architecture had come about as a reaction to the tower blocks of the 1960s which were clearly not working : they had led to vandalism and mugging and terrifying isolation for the people who lived in them .
community [structure] had come about as a reaction to the tower blocks of the 1960s which were clearly not working : they had led to vandalism and mugging and terrifying isolation for the people who lived in them .

He called meetings to solicit their views and thus began his own experiments with what was effectively community architecture .
he called meetings to solicit their views and thus began his own experiments with what was effectively community [structure] .

They were going to the home of opera , to listen to some Verdi , Puccini and Donizetti ; and to see at first hand the fine art and architecture that he had studied and only previously heard about or seen in books .
they were going to the home of opera , to listen to some verdi , puccini and donizetti ; and to see at first hand the fine art and [structure] that he had studied and only previously heard about or seen in books .

Diana was not so enthused by the architecture , which Charles delighted in , but there was no doubting the warmth of the welcome — they were greeted everywhere as ‘ Carlo e De ’ — and the sheer beauty of the place and the warm weather lifted everyone 's spirits after an English winter .
diana was not so enthused by the [structure] , which charles delighted in , but there was no doubting the warmth of the welcome — they were greeted everywhere as ‘ carlo e de ’ — and the sheer beauty of the place and the warm weather lifted everyone 's spirits after an english winter .

Charles 's attacks on modern architecture made him a hero of the silent majority . After attacking earlier plans , he laid the foundation stone of the National Gallery extension
charles 's attacks on modern [structure] made him a hero of the silent majority . after attacking earlier plans , he laid the foundation stone of the national gallery extension

What Charles craved was a return to classical architecture , to buildings that were sympathetic to their surroundings , that were well proportioned and sensitive to human feelings , and not purely functional .
what charles craved was a return to classical [structure] , to buildings that were sympathetic to their surroundings , that were well proportioned and sensitive to human feelings , and not purely functional .

At that time classical architecture was largely confined to the world of country-house building , and the majority of architects exhibiting were older men .
at that time classical [structure] was largely confined to the world of country-house building , and the majority of architects exhibiting were older men .

By 1987 , however , the classical style of architecture had started being used on large-scale developments also , and the average age of the architects doing this kind of work had dropped .
by 1987 , however , the classical style of [structure] had started being used on large-scale developments also , and the average age of the architects doing this kind of work had dropped .

Breathes there a woman with soul so dead that she can take a trip round Bath 's exhilarating architecture without wanting to take home ‘ a touch of the Georgians ’ — even if it 's only a silver spoon ?
breathes there a woman with soul so dead that she can take a trip round bath 's exhilarating [structure] without wanting to take home ‘ a touch of the georgians ’ — even if it 's only a silver spoon ?

Timothy , a self-confessed amateur of vernacular architecture , has followed a traditional line in reinstating and enhancing the features and materials of the house .
timothy , a self-confessed amateur of vernacular [structure] , has followed a traditional line in reinstating and enhancing the features and materials of the house .

The architecture of hairdressing in the 18th century at the ‘ Academie de Coiffure ’ in Paris
the [structure] of hairdressing in the 18th century at the ‘ academie de coiffure ’ in paris

The speed at which an awareness of national fashions in architecture grew varied from one area to another .
the speed at which an awareness of national fashions in [structure] grew varied from one area to another .

The original fabric of Shawell school also displays another quality that is characteristic of mid-Victorian church schools — the neo-Gothic style of architecture .
the original fabric of shawell school also displays another quality that is characteristic of mid-victorian church schools — the neo-gothic style of [structure] .

High Anglican architects such as William Butterfield ( 1814–1900 ) and George Edmund Street ( 1824–81 ) took up these ideas and produced a series of parish schools which combine simple planning and construction with details they had developed for church architecture .
high anglican architects such as william butterfield ( 1814–1900 ) and george edmund street ( 1824–81 ) took up these ideas and produced a series of parish schools which combine simple planning and construction with details they had developed for church [structure] .

As applies with the treatment of such windows in the western gables of churches , it is probably kinder to the existing architecture to avoid a ‘ collision ’ between the new floor and the broad and high-arched opening .
as applies with the treatment of such windows in the western gables of churches , it is probably kinder to the existing [structure] to avoid a ‘ collision ’ between the new floor and the broad and high-arched opening .

The architecture student who believed anything was possible set up home with the designer — and put his dynamic business brain to use in helping Armani to launch his own label in 1975 .
the [structure] student who believed anything was possible set up home with the designer — and put his dynamic business brain to use in helping armani to launch his own label in 1975 .

But , outside the city centre , the architecture changes , especially with Kirkstall Abbey , the earliest surviving building in the area .
but , outside the city centre , the [structure] changes , especially with kirkstall abbey , the earliest surviving building in the area .

‘ This spectacular discovery should once and for all prove what shape the original Globe was , ’ Martin Clout , the theatre architecture historian , said .
‘ this spectacular discovery should once and for all prove what shape the original globe was , ’ martin clout , the theatre [structure] historian , said .

He starts at a medieval Gothic window , a remnant of the first university in central Europe ( founded 1348 ) ; he pauses at the rebuilt Bethlehem Chapel , the site of where the Mass was first allowed in Czech , and Jan Hus preached before being burnt for heresy in 1413 ; he pays respects to the relics of the Jewish quarter with its ancient and crowded graveyard ; to cross the river he uses the Charles Bridge , lined with Baroque statues ( many between 1700 and 1720 ) , and climbs the hill to the Castle where art and architecture of all periods again further embellish the golden city of central Europe .
he starts at a medieval gothic window , a remnant of the first university in central europe ( founded 1348 ) ; he pauses at the rebuilt bethlehem chapel , the site of where the mass was first allowed in czech , and jan hus preached before being burnt for heresy in 1413 ; he pays respects to the relics of the jewish quarter with its ancient and crowded graveyard ; to cross the river he uses the charles bridge , lined with baroque statues ( many between 1700 and 1720 ) , and climbs the hill to the castle where art and [structure] of all periods again further embellish the golden city of central europe .

Also , the history of sculpture includes some account of the abortive plans for sculpture , just as the history of architecture is incomplete as a history of ideas without a knowledge of rejected proposals .
also , the history of sculpture includes some account of the abortive plans for sculpture , just as the history of [structure] is incomplete as a history of ideas without a knowledge of rejected proposals .

The prohibitionist thinking which affected America in the 1920s was not without supporters in Britain , and the practical result in architecture was that pubs emphasised their domestic image , and encouraged the serving of more food , as against the all-male tradition of ‘ vertical drinking ’ at a bar .
the prohibitionist thinking which affected america in the 1920s was not without supporters in britain , and the practical result in [structure] was that pubs emphasised their domestic image , and encouraged the serving of more food , as against the all-male tradition of ‘ vertical drinking ’ at a bar .

Sadly neglected examples of classic pub architecture were restored to their former glory at no small expense .
sadly neglected examples of classic pub [structure] were restored to their former glory at no small expense .

’ ) , but that this sentence has a network of connections to other sentences in the mental architecture ( ‘ They are made of glass , ’ ‘ They were purchased ’ , ‘ They are not unique ’ ) .
’ ) , but that this sentence has a network of connections to other sentences in the mental [structure] ( ‘ they are made of glass , ’ ‘ they were purchased ’ , ‘ they are not unique ’ ) .

This used existing stone pillars , together with new replicas so that the whole design is very much in keeping with the original architecture .
this used existing stone pillars , together with new replicas so that the whole design is very much in keeping with the original [structure] .

It is surprising what can be achieved in an old and complex building to provide for disabled people and also how much the internal and external architecture can benefit from the refurbishment that the opportunities of converting a building for disabled access can provide . Jeremy Bell , Maguire & Co
it is surprising what can be achieved in an old and complex building to provide for disabled people and also how much the internal and external [structure] can benefit from the refurbishment that the opportunities of converting a building for disabled access can provide . jeremy bell , maguire & co

Jay 's first task concerned nature forms and architecture , the adaptation of natural societies versus the hard-edged impersonality of modern cities .
jay 's first task concerned nature forms and [structure] , the adaptation of natural societies versus the hard-edged impersonality of modern cities .

For a recent commission Edward Hopkins had to match the Gothic influences of church architecture with a restricted church budget , and produced a table of contemporary simplicity
for a recent commission edward hopkins had to match the gothic influences of church [structure] with a restricted church budget , and produced a table of contemporary simplicity

Alpine France is dominated by new brutalist architecture : stacked rabbit hutches reaching into the sky ; chains of pizzerias and hamburger restaurants ; cramped supermarkets .
alpine france is dominated by new brutalist [structure] : stacked rabbit hutches reaching into the sky ; chains of pizzerias and hamburger restaurants ; cramped supermarkets .

Fashions in dress and diet , ceremonies and customs , art and architecture , engineering and technology , all evolve in historical time in a way that looks like highly speeded up genetic evolution , but has really nothing to do with genetic evolution .
fashions in dress and diet , ceremonies and customs , art and [structure] , engineering and technology , all evolve in historical time in a way that looks like highly speeded up genetic evolution , but has really nothing to do with genetic evolution .

If we forced ourselves to think in a detached way we surely ought to be more impressed by the architecture of the caddis 's eye , or of its elbow joint , than by the comparatively modest architecture of its stone house .
if we forced ourselves to think in a detached way we surely ought to be more impressed by the [structure] of the caddis 's eye , or of its elbow joint , than by the comparatively modest [structure] of its stone house .

But revivalism in architecture did not mean lack of imagination or inventiveness — quite the reverse : it meant a prodigal outpouring of both .
but revivalism in [structure] did not mean lack of imagination or inventiveness — quite the reverse : it meant a prodigal outpouring of both .

But the car has inspired no great architecture and no great art .
but the car has inspired no great [structure] and no great art .

The Station in Architecture ( 1 )
the station in [structure] ( 1 )

Carroll Meeks , the doyen of station architecture historians , discerns four distinct periods in the era of picturesque eclecticism — the emulation of one style ( 1830–50 ) , the synthesis of many ( 1850s ) , the take-off to creativity ( 1860–90 ) , and finally megalomania ( 1890–1914 ) .
carroll meeks , the doyen of station [structure] historians , discerns four distinct periods in the era of picturesque eclecticism — the emulation of one style ( 1830–50 ) , the synthesis of many ( 1850s ) , the take-off to creativity ( 1860–90 ) , and finally megalomania ( 1890–1914 ) .

But perhaps the most memorable example of the classical mode in station architecture was Euston 's Doric Arch , designed by Philip Hardwick ( 1850 ) .
but perhaps the most memorable example of the classical mode in station [structure] was euston 's doric arch , designed by philip hardwick ( 1850 ) .

Perhaps the most overweening statement of nationalism in station architecture , however , is Milan Station , begun in 1920 and opened in 1930 .
perhaps the most overweening statement of nationalism in station [structure] , however , is milan station , begun in 1920 and opened in 1930 .

The Station in Architecture ( 2 )
the station in [structure] ( 2 )

Railways somehow symbolized the fact that Americans never did anything by halves , and this was more than borne out by the architecture of American railway stations .
railways somehow symbolized the fact that americans never did anything by halves , and this was more than borne out by the [structure] of american railway stations .

With these stations , extravagance was expressed in scale rather than in exuberance of architecture , although many of them continued to be richly detailed .
with these stations , extravagance was expressed in scale rather than in exuberance of [structure] , although many of them continued to be richly detailed .

It is difficult to accept the praises of some American critics for the overblown gigantism of the Beaux-Arts , particularly as none of them has followed Ruskin 's injunction to see architecture as mirroring the life of a society in all its facets .
it is difficult to accept the praises of some american critics for the overblown gigantism of the beaux-arts , particularly as none of them has followed ruskin 's injunction to see [structure] as mirroring the life of a society in all its facets .

By the early years of the twentieth century , however , stations could not compete with the upward thrust of American urban architecture .
by the early years of the twentieth century , however , stations could not compete with the upward thrust of american urban [structure] .

There was a time when in railroad terminal architecture it was considered as the most necessary adjunct ( or evil ) .
there was a time when in railroad terminal [structure] it was considered as the most necessary adjunct ( or evil ) .

The mission style , with its cool Spanish arches , bell-towers , and church-like interior , had strong antecedents in American station architecture .
the mission style , with its cool spanish arches , bell-towers , and church-like interior , had strong antecedents in american station [structure] .

But station architecture was perhaps expressed in its most vigorous and diversified forms in the countless thousands of small country and medium-sized town stations coast to coast .
but station [structure] was perhaps expressed in its most vigorous and diversified forms in the countless thousands of small country and medium-sized town stations coast to coast .

Some commentators have seen these as representing the true genius of American station architecture .
some commentators have seen these as representing the true genius of american station [structure] .

Much more exotic architecture was often used for resort stations .
much more exotic [structure] was often used for resort stations .

The Pennsylvania Central built a holiday pavilion with a high cupola at Cape May , New Jersey , while half-timbering , so often associated with holiday architecture , was the dominant feature of the Southern 's Asheville resort in North Carolina .
the pennsylvania central built a holiday pavilion with a high cupola at cape may , new jersey , while half-timbering , so often associated with holiday [structure] , was the dominant feature of the southern 's asheville resort in north carolina .

But grand designs did not necessarily produce great architecture .
but grand designs did not necessarily produce great [structure] .

On smaller-scale railways , in Ceylon , South-East Asia , and West Africa , the richness and diversity of railway architecture was truly striking .
on smaller-scale railways , in ceylon , south-east asia , and west africa , the richness and diversity of railway [structure] was truly striking .

Its totally undistinguished architecture was largely and mercifully obscured by shop-fronts .
its totally undistinguished [structure] was largely and mercifully obscured by shop-fronts .

Flowers and creepers became almost part of the architecture .
flowers and creepers became almost part of the [structure] .

Station architecture reflected the intrusiveness of the new Western technology .
station [structure] reflected the intrusiveness of the new western technology .

Their architecture has faded into unremarkable modernism , devoted to speed , rush , and disciplined circulation .
their [structure] has faded into unremarkable modernism , devoted to speed , rush , and disciplined circulation .

He swiftly established himself as a dominant influence in New Zealand station architecture and produced many remarkable buildings .
he swiftly established himself as a dominant influence in new zealand station [structure] and produced many remarkable buildings .

Generally , African stations made no concessions to local architecture , but were self-consciously intrusive .
generally , african stations made no concessions to local [structure] , but were self-consciously intrusive .

In consequence no elaborate station architecture was needed .
in consequence no elaborate station [structure] was needed .

The manner in which the architecture of these stations reflected colonial racial hierarchies is beautifully illustrated by a Crown Agents photograph showing the proclamation of the First World War at Port Harcourt station in eastern Nigeria .
the manner in which the [structure] of these stations reflected colonial racial hierarchies is beautifully illustrated by a crown agents photograph showing the proclamation of the first world war at port harcourt station in eastern nigeria .

It was as though the newer imperial power had to assert itself more bombastically through its station architecture .
it was as though the newer imperial power had to assert itself more bombastically through its station [structure] .

This respect has always had to be defended — in architecture , as in painting , sculpture and archaeology .
this respect has always had to be defended — in [structure] , as in painting , sculpture and archaeology .

Certainly it was once hoped , particularly after the devastation of the last war , that modern architecture might with the aid of science and technology provide mankind with a wholly satisfying new environment — and do so in a matter of a few decades .
certainly it was once hoped , particularly after the devastation of the last war , that modern [structure] might with the aid of science and technology provide mankind with a wholly satisfying new environment — and do so in a matter of a few decades .

Contrary to one of the fantasies of modern architecture , brick and masonry buildings are far more flexible than concrete , steel-framed ones .
contrary to one of the fantasies of modern [structure] , brick and masonry buildings are far more flexible than concrete , steel-framed ones .

Tourists see in British domestic architecture qualities which those whose job it is to protect them often ignore .
tourists see in british domestic [structure] qualities which those whose job it is to protect them often ignore .

Taken together , they form something much more important : street architecture , which may just as well be a delightful jumble as the carefully planned composition of a Georgian terrace .
taken together , they form something much more important : street [structure] , which may just as well be a delightful jumble as the carefully planned composition of a georgian terrace .

Say why the building is worth preserving , describing briefly its architecture , history and contribution to the local scene .
say why the building is worth preserving , describing briefly its [structure] , history and contribution to the local scene .

The need is to safeguard not only their architecture , interiors and gardens , but also their wider setting ; and hard experience shows that the prospect of finding a secure , viable , long-term use for these houses diminishes dramatically as their setting is eroded .
the need is to safeguard not only their [structure] , interiors and gardens , but also their wider setting ; and hard experience shows that the prospect of finding a secure , viable , long-term use for these houses diminishes dramatically as their setting is eroded .

No less important in terms of architecture , landscape and Welsh history are the many thousands of Nonconformist chapels .
no less important in terms of [structure] , landscape and welsh history are the many thousands of nonconformist chapels .

Fortunately , the importance and individuality of chapel architecture is now being recognized , thanks to the work of writers and teachers such as John Hilling and professor Anthony Jones , of the Texas Christian University , who has spent numerous summers visiting and photographing chapels .
fortunately , the importance and individuality of chapel [structure] is now being recognized , thanks to the work of writers and teachers such as john hilling and professor anthony jones , of the texas christian university , who has spent numerous summers visiting and photographing chapels .

Scotland , compared to England and Wales , has relatively few medieval churches but , precisely because so many were destroyed at the time of the Reformation , Scotland is rich in seventeenth- and eighteenth-century ecclesiastical architecture .
scotland , compared to england and wales , has relatively few medieval churches but , precisely because so many were destroyed at the time of the reformation , scotland is rich in seventeenth- and eighteenth-century ecclesiastical [structure] .

There is , moreover , increasing recognition of the value of street architecture .
there is , moreover , increasing recognition of the value of street [structure] .

The architecture was all of a piece ; nothing recent , nothing flimsy .
the [structure] was all of a piece ; nothing recent , nothing flimsy .

The joint statement underlined the importance of good neighbourly relations between the two German states for the stability of Europe and their contribution to a ‘ new European architecture ’ .
the joint statement underlined the importance of good neighbourly relations between the two german states for the stability of europe and their contribution to a ‘ new european [structure] ’ .

This one-to-10 ratio makes the computer profession unlike law , architecture , medicine and even engineering , where you need to be registered and qualified before you start practising at all .
this one-to-10 ratio makes the computer profession unlike law , [structure] , medicine and even engineering , where you need to be registered and qualified before you start practising at all .

Television Martin Pawley ( Architecture Critic ) on Blackeyes
television martin pawley ( [structure] critic ) on blackeyes

Architecture .
[structure] .

Rhetoric may be a dirty word in modern architecture , because it implies waste and irrelevance .
rhetoric may be a dirty word in modern [structure] , because it implies waste and irrelevance .

What is architecture but the memorable and effective use of space ?
what is [structure] but the memorable and effective use of space ?

Between disquisitions on Chinese opera and Venetian architecture , the story of Marco Polo 's voyage from Venice to Peking is more or less retold , though the narrative is continually being brought to a halt in moments when it half-realises that it does not mean enough .
between disquisitions on chinese opera and venetian [structure] , the story of marco polo 's voyage from venice to peking is more or less retold , though the narrative is continually being brought to a halt in moments when it half-realises that it does not mean enough .

Mrs Thatcher told the Soviet minister yesterday that Britain is not opposed to the idea of a pan-European summit , but the participants must agree on how it will fit into the building of the ‘ new European architecture . ’
mrs thatcher told the soviet minister yesterday that britain is not opposed to the idea of a pan-european summit , but the participants must agree on how it will fit into the building of the ‘ new european [structure] . ’

Later he thought that his early affection for Fly cathedral had something to do with his interest in churches and their architecture .
later he thought that his early affection for fly cathedral had something to do with his interest in churches and their [structure] .

The early interest in church architecture and brasses afforded him destinations for the bicycle .
the early interest in church [structure] and brasses afforded him destinations for the bicycle .

As a canon of Durham Ramsey was one of the custodians of a great monument of the European inheritance in architecture , at a time when bombs dropped upon Britain .
as a canon of durham ramsey was one of the custodians of a great monument of the european inheritance in [structure] , at a time when bombs dropped upon britain .

The music meant little to him , but the history , the architecture , the stones , the daily sacrament , and all the associations of the place remained with him permanently .
the music meant little to him , but the history , the [structure] , the stones , the daily sacrament , and all the associations of the place remained with him permanently .

Non-Italian artists , non-Italian preoccupations , women artists , artists working in media other than Vasari 's chosen painting , sculpture and architecture , non-Western art and so on : critics have been busy reviewing such areas and , in so doing , producing new categories and classifications .
non-italian artists , non-italian preoccupations , women artists , artists working in media other than vasari 's chosen painting , sculpture and [structure] , non-western art and so on : critics have been busy reviewing such areas and , in so doing , producing new categories and classifications .

The main innovators of this transformation were not scientists but artists , especially Alberti , Brunelleschi and Leonardo , who created on their canvases and in their architecture and treatises a new conception of space .
the main innovators of this transformation were not scientists but artists , especially alberti , brunelleschi and leonardo , who created on their canvases and in their [structure] and treatises a new conception of space .

Gone is the rather conservative ‘ up-and-down ’ architecture of the previous model 's facia , replaced by a full-blown exposition of the currently fashionable ( especially with the Japanese ) organic look with its attendant curves and soft edges .
gone is the rather conservative ‘ up-and-down ’ [structure] of the previous model 's facia , replaced by a full-blown exposition of the currently fashionable ( especially with the japanese ) organic look with its attendant curves and soft edges .

Unable to practise , he turned to teaching at Cheltenham School of Architecture close to the home he had designed and substantially built at Malvern , despite his affliction , and became deputy principal .
unable to practise , he turned to teaching at cheltenham school of [structure] close to the home he had designed and substantially built at malvern , despite his affliction , and became deputy principal .

The offer coincided with a move to separate the Cheltenham Schools of Architecture and Art , with which he disagreed , so he applied for the post and succeeded despite his now apparent and debilitating illness .
the offer coincided with a move to separate the cheltenham schools of [structure] and art , with which he disagreed , so he applied for the post and succeeded despite his now apparent and debilitating illness .

His service in the Royal Artillery in the Second World War took him to the Middle East , and there he was able to develop his interest in military architecture through the study of the citadel at Damascus , and the siege of the crusader castle of Krak des Chevaliers .
his service in the royal artillery in the second world war took him to the middle east , and there he was able to develop his interest in military [structure] through the study of the citadel at damascus , and the siege of the crusader castle of krak des chevaliers .

Wednesday sees the introduction of another new feature page , committed to architecture .
wednesday sees the introduction of another new feature page , committed to [structure] .

That the book is topping the bestseller lists , and ( according to a recent poll ) , 87 per cent of the public agree with the Prince 's attack on modernist architecture , it is clear that the heir to the throne and self-appointed mouthpiece of the people has found something significant to say .
that the book is topping the bestseller lists , and ( according to a recent poll ) , 87 per cent of the public agree with the prince 's attack on modernist [structure] , it is clear that the heir to the throne and self-appointed mouthpiece of the people has found something significant to say .

At the very least , the exhibition provides food for thought : as the 21st century nears , do we really want architecture that looks as if it was built in the 18th ?
at the very least , the exhibition provides food for thought : as the 21st century nears , do we really want [structure] that looks as if it was built in the 18th ?

Topics include Islamic Architecture , 11 Oct .
topics include islamic [structure] , 11 oct .

Sir : Jonathan Glancey ( Architecture ; ‘ Invisible buildings that reflect nothing ’ , 4 October ) does well to remind us of the spreading disease of the mirrored glass building .
sir : jonathan glancey ( [structure] ; ‘ invisible buildings that reflect nothing ’ , 4 october ) does well to remind us of the spreading disease of the mirrored glass building .

Architecture : Invisible buildings that reflect nothing : The subtopian , A-road design of many of our cities is destroying their character , Jonathan Glancey believes . Most critics ignore the dreariness of our streets , but it is time for the public to demand better
[structure] : invisible buildings that reflect nothing : the subtopian , a-road design of many of our cities is destroying their character , jonathan glancey believes . most critics ignore the dreariness of our streets , but it is time for the public to demand better

The current architectural debate has served to polarise popular opinion on modern architecture .
the current architectural debate has served to polarise popular opinion on modern [structure] .

But a national debate on architecture at this level is as banal as it is unhelpful .
but a national debate on [structure] at this level is as banal as it is unhelpful .

Like the best wines , distinguished architecture matures over time : 50 years from now , Lloyds will be championed by as yet unborn conservationists , fought over in the media and ultimately listed Grade One .
like the best wines , distinguished [structure] matures over time : 50 years from now , lloyds will be championed by as yet unborn conservationists , fought over in the media and ultimately listed grade one .

Lloyds is no more outlandish or intrusive than Tower Bridge and much less so than the monstrous and melancholy Battersea Power Station , a sublime work of imperious architecture that Londoners once loved to hate but now admire .
lloyds is no more outlandish or intrusive than tower bridge and much less so than the monstrous and melancholy battersea power station , a sublime work of imperious [structure] that londoners once loved to hate but now admire .

But neither Londoners nor Mancunians , Geordies , Scousers , Brummies nor Bristolians appear to have anything to say about the almost invisible architecture that continues to destroy the character of British cities : the architecture with no name .
but neither londoners nor mancunians , geordies , scousers , brummies nor bristolians appear to have anything to say about the almost invisible [structure] that continues to destroy the character of british cities : the [structure] with no name .

Each is meant to be an improvement on the overwhelming developers architecture of the Sixties , of which Hammersmith is a shrine .
each is meant to be an improvement on the overwhelming developers [structure] of the sixties , of which hammersmith is a shrine .

But the use of inexpertly laid and brightly coloured bricks , token pitched roofs and arched windows does not make for likeable architecture .
but the use of inexpertly laid and brightly coloured bricks , token pitched roofs and arched windows does not make for likeable [structure] .

Hammersmith Road and its schlock architecture is proof that conservationists are not as powerful as the architectural profession likes to believe .
hammersmith road and its schlock [structure] is proof that conservationists are not as powerful as the architectural profession likes to believe .

Those who design , develop and approve this marginally acceptable architecture must be delighted that its very banality keeps critics and hostile public opinion at bay .
those who design , develop and approve this marginally acceptable [structure] must be delighted that its very banality keeps critics and hostile public opinion at bay .

We continue to turn a blind eye to the architecture with no name , preferring instead to attack the buildings that future generations will admire .
we continue to turn a blind eye to the [structure] with no name , preferring instead to attack the buildings that future generations will admire .

Second , the British public needs to see exactly what good modern architecture is , to be shown what a city street such as Hammersmith Road could become if served by the best architects and developers .
second , the british public needs to see exactly what good modern [structure] is , to be shown what a city street such as hammersmith road could become if served by the best architects and developers .

Third , people should get hot under the collar when presented with dreary architecture .
third , people should get hot under the collar when presented with dreary [structure] .

Architecture : The eagle is landing in west London : Swedish architect Ralph Erskine has designed an office block in which Dan Dare would feel at home , should he wish to work in Hammersmith
[structure] : the eagle is landing in west london : swedish architect ralph erskine has designed an office block in which dan dare would feel at home , should he wish to work in hammersmith

The truth is that comic illustrator and award-winning architect have both been greatly influenced by the architecture of Frank Lloyd Wright .
the truth is that comic illustrator and award-winning architect have both been greatly influenced by the [structure] of frank lloyd wright .

On another level , the building can be seen as an ark bearing its precious human cargo through a decidely rough sea of bad urban planning and even worse architecture .
on another level , the building can be seen as an ark bearing its precious human cargo through a decidely rough sea of bad urban planning and even worse [structure] .

Architecture Viewpoint : Redemption for the developer
[structure] viewpoint : redemption for the developer

Such people are not all motivated simply by money , but by an interest in building and in architecture and , like everyone else , they have to live with their creations .
such people are not all motivated simply by money , but by an interest in building and in [structure] and , like everyone else , they have to live with their creations .

The struggle between commercial pressure and good architecture is an unequal one , on which many developers are not prepared to expend much energy .
the struggle between commercial pressure and good [structure] is an unequal one , on which many developers are not prepared to expend much energy .

His designs borrow freely from both ancient Egypt and modern architecture 's greatest hits — Beaubourg , the Stuttgart Staatsgalerie , the Louvre Pyramid ; he reapplies them to office blocks and shopping centres in Peckham with unabashed irrelevance .
his designs borrow freely from both ancient egypt and modern [structure] 's greatest hits — beaubourg , the stuttgart staatsgalerie , the louvre pyramid ; he reapplies them to office blocks and shopping centres in peckham with unabashed irrelevance .

If Pollard 's architecture is so disposable and flippant that it is odd to call him a ‘ patron ’ , Palumbo 's patronage is so single-minded that he can hardly be called a developer .
if pollard 's [structure] is so disposable and flippant that it is odd to call him a ‘ patron ’ , palumbo 's patronage is so single-minded that he can hardly be called a developer .

Armed with Lipton 's motto — ‘ Good architecture is good business ’ — they employ a wide range of architects , both established and up-and-coming , commonly thought of as ‘ good ’ .
armed with lipton 's motto — ‘ good [structure] is good business ’ — they employ a wide range of architects , both established and up-and-coming , commonly thought of as ‘ good ’ .

The theory is that ‘ quality architecture ’ not only helps you get planning permission , but attracts tenants and employees .
the theory is that ‘ quality [structure] ’ not only helps you get planning permission , but attracts tenants and employees .

Architecture Update : Pleasing for a fee
[structure] update : pleasing for a fee

Architecture : Stairway to fashion : Joseph Ettedgui 's latest emporium
[structure] : stairway to fashion : joseph ettedgui 's latest emporium

The grand Victorian and Edwardian architecture of this period still gives the civic centre of Birmingham its character .
the grand victorian and edwardian [structure] of this period still gives the civic centre of birmingham its character .

See the city 's fine Victorian architecture , and visit its excellent museums .
see the city 's fine victorian [structure] , and visit its excellent museums .

Lord Burlington was an outstanding and resplendent figure , not only was he a Knight of the Garter , but also Lord High Treasurer of Ireland ; Captain of the Yeomen of the Guards and Governor of Greenwich Hospital , and he made a serious contribution to that age , although it is his contribution to the arts and architecture for which he is most remembered .
lord burlington was an outstanding and resplendent figure , not only was he a knight of the garter , but also lord high treasurer of ireland ; captain of the yeomen of the guards and governor of greenwich hospital , and he made a serious contribution to that age , although it is his contribution to the arts and [structure] for which he is most remembered .

He identified pharmacy , high energy physics and architecture as being over-represented in the universities .
he identified pharmacy , high energy physics and [structure] as being over-represented in the universities .

The true basis of the cation selectivity of zeolites is not completely understood but can usually be explained in terms of the specific molecular architecture of the zeolite frameworks ( always large enough to accommodate caesium ) , the relative amount of silicon and aluminium in the zeolite framework , and the hydration state of the cations .
the true basis of the cation selectivity of zeolites is not completely understood but can usually be explained in terms of the specific molecular [structure] of the zeolite frameworks ( always large enough to accommodate caesium ) , the relative amount of silicon and aluminium in the zeolite framework , and the hydration state of the cations .

Raving Red Sam Sylvester had a bit of a chip on his shoulder about the status of the Hawkwood Comprehensive ( the Gasworks , as it was known locally , owing to the highly progressive architecture which featured a lot of ventilation pipes ) compared with the elite Greycoats Independent down the road .
raving red sam sylvester had a bit of a chip on his shoulder about the status of the hawkwood comprehensive ( the gasworks , as it was known locally , owing to the highly progressive [structure] which featured a lot of ventilation pipes ) compared with the elite greycoats independent down the road .

Calligraphy — which literally translates as ‘ beautiful writing ’ — bears the same relationship to typography as post and lintel architecture does to the classical orders .
calligraphy — which literally translates as ‘ beautiful writing ’ — bears the same relationship to typography as post and lintel [structure] does to the classical orders .

Whatever else may be said about the Cathedral 's architecture and its glass and its sculpture , no one would dispute the success of Ralph Beyer 's contributions , known as The Tablets of the Word and cut in Hollington stone on a grand scale .
whatever else may be said about the cathedral 's [structure] and its glass and its sculpture , no one would dispute the success of ralph beyer 's contributions , known as the tablets of the word and cut in hollington stone on a grand scale .

The soaring market for roof slates , helped by a return to traditional architecture and materials , has come just in time .
the soaring market for roof slates , helped by a return to traditional [structure] and materials , has come just in time .

The most militant fan of Sixties architecture would be hard pressed to support a last-minute appeal for the Bull Ring , although crocodile tears will be shed over the probable demolition of the Rotunda , a monumental steel and glass phallus , that , in the absence of a sky-piercing cathedral , acts as the city 's one instantly recognisable focal point .
the most militant fan of sixties [structure] would be hard pressed to support a last-minute appeal for the bull ring , although crocodile tears will be shed over the probable demolition of the rotunda , a monumental steel and glass phallus , that , in the absence of a sky-piercing cathedral , acts as the city 's one instantly recognisable focal point .

Such re-use is , of course , much encouraged by a building being listed , something which , until recently , was not possible with architecture of so recent a date .
such re-use is , of course , much encouraged by a building being listed , something which , until recently , was not possible with [structure] of so recent a date .

Architecture Update : Sites and scenes
[structure] update : sites and scenes

Architecture Update : Views from Leeds
[structure] update : views from leeds

Architecture Update : All the way from the Bank
[structure] update : all the way from the bank

Set in beautiful parkland landscaped by Capability Brown , the house is a superb example of Georgian architecture .
set in beautiful parkland landscaped by capability brown , the house is a superb example of georgian [structure] .

Arid architecture
arid [structure]

The next three days were spent not looking at the buildings and architecture of gay Paree but for a mythical Adidas Centre which one of my mates overheard someone talking about in hushed tones in a Liverpool snug .
the next three days were spent not looking at the buildings and [structure] of gay paree but for a mythical adidas centre which one of my mates overheard someone talking about in hushed tones in a liverpool snug .

It is a veritable encyclopaedia of Chinese landscape , architecture and culture .
it is a veritable encyclopaedia of chinese landscape , [structure] and culture .

Site Work : Architecture in Photography since early Modernism , this Photographers ' Gallery touring exhibition explores the interaction between photography and architecture and includes images by Paul Strand , Walker Evans , Lazlo Moholy-Nagy , Bill Brandt and Diane Arbus alongside work which embodies a more contemporary response to architecture ( until 15 Feb ) .
site work : [structure] in photography since early modernism , this photographers ' gallery touring exhibition explores the interaction between photography and [structure] and includes images by paul strand , walker evans , lazlo moholy-nagy , bill brandt and diane arbus alongside work which embodies a more contemporary response to [structure] ( until 15 feb ) .

It now breaks the monotony of Pacassi 's architecture , with its Meissen sandstone looking sombre against the cream façade of Pacassi 's palace .
it now breaks the monotony of pacassi 's [structure] , with its meissen sandstone looking sombre against the cream façade of pacassi 's palace .

What was astonishing in Prague at this time was the exceptional quality of all the arts , not merely architecture and painting , but the work of the stuccoists , woodcarvers , furniture-makers and glassworkers .
what was astonishing in prague at this time was the exceptional quality of all the arts , not merely [structure] and painting , but the work of the stuccoists , woodcarvers , furniture-makers and glassworkers .

Its fine architecture decorated with giant banded pilasters have more than a hint of northern Mannerism in spite of the fact that they were finished as late as 1653 .
its fine [structure] decorated with giant banded pilasters have more than a hint of northern mannerism in spite of the fact that they were finished as late as 1653 .

This is perhaps because the later accretions are somewhat dwarfed amid the towering Gothic architecture .
this is perhaps because the later accretions are somewhat dwarfed amid the towering gothic [structure] .

Although most of the architecture you see before you would be more at home in Vienna , the impetus for development came from committed Czechs like Count Sternberg and the architect of the Ring in Vienna , Josef Hlávka , who used his vast wealth to become patron of Bohemian everything .
although most of the [structure] you see before you would be more at home in vienna , the impetus for development came from committed czechs like count sternberg and the architect of the ring in vienna , josef hlávka , who used his vast wealth to become patron of bohemian everything .

This virtuoso decorative carving is a typical feature of late Gothic architecture in Bohemia .
this virtuoso decorative carving is a typical feature of late gothic [structure] in bohemia .

They are acknowledged to have a specific connotation in architecture ; particular moments of contemporary Italian culture , though bearing a local label — that of the ‘ trans-avant-garde ’ ( transavanguardia ) , coined for the visual arts by Achille Bonita Oliva ( 1984 ) , or the philosophical notion of ‘ weak thought ’ ( pensiero debole ) , theorized in a series of books and essays by Gianni Vattimo , Pier Aldo Rovatti and their colleagues ( cf .
they are acknowledged to have a specific connotation in [structure] ; particular moments of contemporary italian culture , though bearing a local label — that of the ‘ trans-avant-garde ’ ( transavanguardia ) , coined for the visual arts by achille bonita oliva ( 1984 ) , or the philosophical notion of ‘ weak thought ’ ( pensiero debole ) , theorized in a series of books and essays by gianni vattimo , pier aldo rovatti and their colleagues ( cf .

Anyone except persons of British nationality eligible for corporate membership of the Institute may be elected as an Honorary Fellow because of his or her ‘ eminence and interest in architecture and the arts and sciences connected therewith ’ .
anyone except persons of british nationality eligible for corporate membership of the institute may be elected as an honorary fellow because of his or her ‘ eminence and interest in [structure] and the arts and sciences connected therewith ’ .

Other exhibitions at 66 Portland Place this autumn include ‘ Architecture in Detail ’ , a selection of recent photographs by Richard Bryant on show 2–12 October .
other exhibitions at 66 portland place this autumn include ‘ [structure] in detail ’ , a selection of recent photographs by richard bryant on show 2–12 october .

David Ottewill 's The Edwardian Garden ( Yale University Press , 1989 ) has won the Sir Banister Fletcher Award for the best book of the year on architecture or the fine arts .
david ottewill 's the edwardian garden ( yale university press , 1989 ) has won the sir banister fletcher award for the best book of the year on [structure] or the fine arts .

The cost of the architecture centre proposals questioned , John Harris replies to Bob Giles , and is architect 's academic education too long ?
the cost of the [structure] centre proposals questioned , john harris replies to bob giles , and is architect 's academic education too long ?

He saw , with that sharp acumen that made the Heinz organisation famous , that Portland Place could not absorb the expanding requirements of a British Architectural Library , an architecture centre , and a professional institution .
he saw , with that sharp acumen that made the heinz organisation famous , that portland place could not absorb the expanding requirements of a british architectural library , an [structure] centre , and a professional institution .

On the evening of Thursday 13 September , architecture was celebrated at Portland Place : the first annual Trustees ' Medal was presented to Norman Foster for the Willis Faber & Dumas building in Ipswich .
on the evening of thursday 13 september , [structure] was celebrated at portland place : the first annual trustees ' medal was presented to norman foster for the willis faber & dumas building in ipswich .

In July , Council voted unequivocally to proceed with the much praised plans to reinstate Portland Place to its rightful role as an architecture centre based round its internationally-celebrated library and drawings collection .
in july , council voted unequivocally to proceed with the much praised plans to reinstate portland place to its rightful role as an [structure] centre based round its internationally-celebrated library and drawings collection .

Let there be no doubt about it — this is the most important and momentous decision for architecture , and hence for architects , since our predecessors voted to build 66 Portland Place .
let there be no doubt about it — this is the most important and momentous decision for [structure] , and hence for architects , since our predecessors voted to build 66 portland place .

For the sake of architecture , which we all believe in , it is vital that if we can not accept the decision to proceed with enthusiasm , we at least accept the decision with democratic grace .
for the sake of [structure] , which we all believe in , it is vital that if we can not accept the decision to proceed with enthusiasm , we at least accept the decision with democratic grace .

• Until 12 October Architecture in Detail .
• until 12 october [structure] in detail .

The City , Abstraction and the Architecture of Denton Corker Marshall .
the city , abstraction and the [structure] of denton corker marshall .

Annual Norwich Lecture by Rick Mather on Contemporary Architecture and Design , at the University of East Anglia at 6.30 p.m .
annual norwich lecture by rick mather on contemporary [structure] and design , at the university of east anglia at 6.30 p.m .

• 27 October–4 November The 1989 International Architecture Exhibition in the Grande Halle de la Villette , Paris Details , ( 33 ) 46 33 05 62 .
• 27 october–4 november the 1989 international [structure] exhibition in the grande halle de la villette , paris details , ( 33 ) 46 33 05 62 .

Some of the descriptions are devastating : Alford is a ‘ small , uneventful market town ’ ; Beelsby , ‘ a few old houses and plenty of recent infill for the Grimsby commuter ’ ; Fosdyke , ‘ an austere village in remote and forbidding Fen country ’ ; and Mablethorpe , ‘ famed for its sand , certainly not for its architecture ’ .
some of the descriptions are devastating : alford is a ‘ small , uneventful market town ’ ; beelsby , ‘ a few old houses and plenty of recent infill for the grimsby commuter ’ ; fosdyke , ‘ an austere village in remote and forbidding fen country ’ ; and mablethorpe , ‘ famed for its sand , certainly not for its [structure] ’ .

London based Islamic architect Abdel Wahid El Wakil talks to Peter Rawstorne about his approach to art and architecture .
london based islamic architect abdel wahid el wakil talks to peter rawstorne about his approach to art and [structure] .

Architecture was the medium for the understanding of the environment .
[structure] was the medium for the understanding of the environment .

Once , architecture gained expression by man trying to interpret nature .
once , [structure] gained expression by man trying to interpret nature .

But this holistic view was lost , and architecture became a series of isolated statements .
but this holistic view was lost , and [structure] became a series of isolated statements .

Architecture can no longer be about individual statements , buildings .
[structure] can no longer be about individual statements , buildings .

The greatest deviation in modern architecture and planning is the loss of scale ; not human scale but the hierarchies of scale in which vital transformations happen .
the greatest deviation in modern [structure] and planning is the loss of scale ; not human scale but the hierarchies of scale in which vital transformations happen .

Architecture for the people
[structure] for the people

Art and architecture
art and [structure]

Without ornament there is no architecture .
without ornament there is no [structure] .

True art and architecture collaboration is a process in which everyone has to define his own limits .
true art and [structure] collaboration is a process in which everyone has to define his own limits .

In his first few years he did more to establish the Hellenism of Smirke and Wilkins as ‘ the modern style of architecture ’ in Scotland than anyone else .
in his first few years he did more to establish the hellenism of smirke and wilkins as ‘ the modern style of [structure] ’ in scotland than anyone else .

His architecture may still have lessons for us .
his [structure] may still have lessons for us .

The subject of the British Gas/RIBA Design 90 Awards — open to postgraduate students of architecture — was the design of a low-energy hospice . Below we publish the winning entries , which were dominated by Scotland , with a summary of the assessors ' report
the subject of the british gas/riba design 90 awards — open to postgraduate students of [structure] — was the design of a low-energy hospice . below we publish the winning entries , which were dominated by scotland , with a summary of the assessors ' report

Professor Adrian Gale of Plymouth School of Architecture chaired the competition assessors which comprised Bob Allies , Allies and Morrison ; Dr Sheila Cassidy , Medical Director , St Lukes Hospice , Plymouth ; Dr Norman Ross , Director , Watson House Research Station , British Gas ; and Robert Jones , Co-ordinator Conservation Projects , British Gas .
professor adrian gale of plymouth school of [structure] chaired the competition assessors which comprised bob allies , allies and morrison ; dr sheila cassidy , medical director , st lukes hospice , plymouth ; dr norman ross , director , watson house research station , british gas ; and robert jones , co-ordinator conservation projects , british gas .

Most of the submissions , from 35 schools of architecture , had a good grasp of architecture , had a good grasp of hospice philosophy ; the three communities in one — the carers , the relatives and the dying patients .
most of the submissions , from 35 schools of [structure] , had a good grasp of [structure] , had a good grasp of hospice philosophy ; the three communities in one — the carers , the relatives and the dying patients .

The total prize money this year was £4,700 which included £600 to the school of architecture attended by the winning entrant .
the total prize money this year was £4,700 which included £600 to the school of [structure] attended by the winning entrant .

The first prize of £2,000 was awarded to William Watt of the Scott Sutherland School of Architecture , Aberdeen .
the first prize of £2,000 was awarded to william watt of the scott sutherland school of [structure] , aberdeen .

Two commendations of £250 each , were awarded to Peter Collier of Heriot-Watt University , Edinburgh and Joyce Michie of the Scott Sutherland School of Architecture , Aberdeen .
two commendations of £250 each , were awarded to peter collier of heriot-watt university , edinburgh and joyce michie of the scott sutherland school of [structure] , aberdeen .

William Watt , Scott Sutherland School of Architecture , Aberdeen
william watt , scott sutherland school of [structure] , aberdeen

Tim Makower , Department of Architecture , University of Cambridge , and Stephen Taylor , the Royal College of Art , London
tim makower , department of [structure] , university of cambridge , and stephen taylor , the royal college of art , london

Nicola Walls , Department of Architecture , Heriot-Watt University
nicola walls , department of [structure] , heriot-watt university

Peter Collier , Department of Architecture , Heriot-Watt University
peter collier , department of [structure] , heriot-watt university

Joyce Michie , Scott Sutherland School of Architecture , Aberdeen
joyce michie , scott sutherland school of [structure] , aberdeen

Kenneth Button and Michael Fleming of Loughborough University look at the history of regulatory reform on the practice of architecture in the eighties and assess its impact on fees , profit margins and jobs
kenneth button and michael fleming of loughborough university look at the history of regulatory reform on the practice of [structure] in the eighties and assess its impact on fees , profit margins and jobs

What was the most memorable moment of Modern architecture in the last 20 years ?
what was the most memorable moment of modern [structure] in the last 20 years ?

Modern architecture was not a style .
modern [structure] was not a style .

It was not like any previous architecture because it was supposed to be expendable .
it was not like any previous [structure] because it was supposed to be expendable .

Why then should anyone want to conserve examples of modern architecture ?
why then should anyone want to conserve examples of modern [structure] ?

While most of the neighbours favoured Spanish-style architecture , and their gardens rioted with purple bougainvillaea and pink oleanders , the sombre , towering hedges of yew around the Lewis house looked distinctly foreign .
while most of the neighbours favoured spanish-style [structure] , and their gardens rioted with purple bougainvillaea and pink oleanders , the sombre , towering hedges of yew around the lewis house looked distinctly foreign .

Furniture of that quality formed part of the interior architecture , just as much as the fine chimneypieces and doors .
furniture of that quality formed part of the interior [structure] , just as much as the fine chimneypieces and doors .

This , in turn , led to the founding of antiquarian societies , the invention of archaeology , and the arrival of the neo-classical movement in art and architecture all over Europe .
this , in turn , led to the founding of antiquarian societies , the invention of archaeology , and the arrival of the neo-classical movement in art and [structure] all over europe .

The latter dress shows something of the influence of her education at the Moscow Institute of Architecture in the early Eighties : ‘ We studied sculpture , graphics and composition as well as architecture .
the latter dress shows something of the influence of her education at the moscow institute of [structure] in the early eighties : ‘ we studied sculpture , graphics and composition as well as [structure] .

Harry had designed a malt whiskey distillery in his final year as a student of architecture .
harry had designed a malt whiskey distillery in his final year as a student of [structure] .

Down to the end of the fifteenth century , Italians dominate European culture in literature , in science , in scholarship , in painting and in architecture .
down to the end of the fifteenth century , italians dominate european culture in literature , in science , in scholarship , in painting and in [structure] .

The reason for this stems from the parallel and/or pipelined architecture .
the reason for this stems from the parallel and/or pipelined [structure] .

for number of DSPs a single line of assembly code may contain four or more sub-instructions and learning how to capitalise on the architecture through efficient use of the instruction set does take time .
for number of dsps a single line of assembly code may contain four or more sub-instructions and learning how to capitalise on the [structure] through efficient use of the instruction set does take time .

With pipelined architecture , learning is even more difficult since the processor can be executing parts of four lines of code simultaneously .
with pipelined [structure] , learning is even more difficult since the processor can be executing parts of four lines of code simultaneously .

Working together , we must design and gradually put into place a new architecture for a new era .
working together , we must design and gradually put into place a new [structure] for a new era .

Second , the architecture should reflect that America 's security — politically , militarily and economically — remains linked to Europe 's .
second , the [structure] should reflect that america 's security — politically , militarily and economically — remains linked to europe 's .

Although much less impressive in its architecture and much shorter in its working life , Oil Mill , nonetheless , has had an interesting and varied career .
although much less impressive in its [structure] and much shorter in its working life , oil mill , nonetheless , has had an interesting and varied career .

The Palazzo della Ragione , also known as the Broletto Nuovo , is the oldest and most important surviving example of Romanesque Milanese civic architecture .
the palazzo della ragione , also known as the broletto nuovo , is the oldest and most important surviving example of romanesque milanese civic [structure] .

Many have seen more than a hint of Greek architecture about the Baroque façade .
many have seen more than a hint of greek [structure] about the baroque façade .

It is elegantly Neo-Classical , although few other houses of the style have such enormous loggias , even though the loggia is such a feature of Italian architecture .
it is elegantly neo-classical , although few other houses of the style have such enormous loggias , even though the loggia is such a feature of italian [structure] .

This includes some fine prints of early sailing ships and a library of books on marine topics , pirates and folk stories as well as marine architecture .
this includes some fine prints of early sailing ships and a library of books on marine topics , pirates and folk stories as well as marine [structure] .

At the bottom of the same road is the elegant triple-tiered Palazzo Tarsis , built around 1836 for Paolo Tarsis and reckoned to be the finest example of Neo-Classical architecture in the city .
at the bottom of the same road is the elegant triple-tiered palazzo tarsis , built around 1836 for paolo tarsis and reckoned to be the finest example of neo-classical [structure] in the city .

Further on , near the eastern edge of the apse , is the little basilica ( basilichetta ) of San Lino , a very rare example of tenth-century pre-Romanesque architecture , also with a cruciform plan .
further on , near the eastern edge of the apse , is the little basilica ( basilichetta ) of san lino , a very rare example of tenth-century pre-romanesque [structure] , also with a cruciform plan .

The former is one of the best examples of early fourteenth-century architecture in Milan , even though it is a small house almost lost among the surrounding buildings .
the former is one of the best examples of early fourteenth-century [structure] in milan , even though it is a small house almost lost among the surrounding buildings .

Money poured in and work began in 1493 although it was to be a century before the work was completed ; this timescale explains the stylistic variation of the church , with elements of both Renaissance and Baroque architecture .
money poured in and work began in 1493 although it was to be a century before the work was completed ; this timescale explains the stylistic variation of the church , with elements of both renaissance and baroque [structure] .

Beneath the hill on which the serail huddles , the great iron gates of Jaffa port still stand next to a row of small stone shops , their Arab architecture belied by the Hebrew names above the windows .
beneath the hill on which the serail huddles , the great iron gates of jaffa port still stand next to a row of small stone shops , their arab [structure] belied by the hebrew names above the windows .

With its massive architecture and landscaped grounds , guarded at every entrance by watchful security staff , the University seems to Vic rather like a small city-state , an academic Vatican , from which he keeps his distance , both intimidated by and disapproving of its air of privileged detachment from the vulgar , bustling industrial city in which it is embedded .
with its massive [structure] and landscaped grounds , guarded at every entrance by watchful security staff , the university seems to vic rather like a small city-state , an academic vatican , from which he keeps his distance , both intimidated by and disapproving of its air of privileged detachment from the vulgar , bustling industrial city in which it is embedded .

Its architecture compared favourably with that of northern France ( bar one or two cathedrals ) .
its [structure] compared favourably with that of northern france ( bar one or two cathedrals ) .

In a city of splendid ecclesiastical architecture ranging from the mediaeval to the baroque the Church of Santa Maria in Portico is unremarkable .
in a city of splendid ecclesiastical [structure] ranging from the mediaeval to the baroque the church of santa maria in portico is unremarkable .

He perceived that he was ‘ up against ’ the position of having to carry on his life not as an emotion , but as a scientific game ; that he was committed by circumstances to novel writing as a regular trade , as much as he had formerly been to architecture ; and that hence he would , he deemed , have to look for material in manners — in ordinary social and fashionable life as the other novelists did .
he perceived that he was ‘ up against ’ the position of having to carry on his life not as an emotion , but as a scientific game ; that he was committed by circumstances to novel writing as a regular trade , as much as he had formerly been to [structure] ; and that hence he would , he deemed , have to look for material in manners — in ordinary social and fashionable life as the other novelists did .

For such critics Hardy traced an essential parallel with the irregularity of Gothic architecture in which he had been trained , and noted ‘ There is latent music in the sincere utterance of deep emotion , however expressed , which fills the place of the actual word-music in rhythmic phraseology on thinner emotive subjects , or on subjects with next to none at all .
for such critics hardy traced an essential parallel with the irregularity of gothic [structure] in which he had been trained , and noted ‘ there is latent music in the sincere utterance of deep emotion , however expressed , which fills the place of the actual word-music in rhythmic phraseology on thinner emotive subjects , or on subjects with next to none at all .

Theatre architecture is far less of a handicap to the absorption of an audience in the plight of Miller 's characters than his creaky dramaturgy and reverence for the banal and the hokey .
theatre [structure] is far less of a handicap to the absorption of an audience in the plight of miller 's characters than his creaky dramaturgy and reverence for the banal and the hokey .

St. Giles School is a striking example of mid 19th Century Victorian Gothic architecture .
st. giles school is a striking example of mid 19th century victorian gothic [structure] .

St. Giles School is a striking example of mid 19th Century Victorian Gothic architecture .
st. giles school is a striking example of mid 19th century victorian gothic [structure] .

Perhaps one of the finest examples of Norman Church Architecture in the region — simple in form yet richly ornate .
perhaps one of the finest examples of norman church [structure] in the region — simple in form yet richly ornate .

The architecture and people of this fascinating era .
the [structure] and people of this fascinating era .

The architecture and history of Northampton 's most well-known churches : St. Peter 's , All Saints and the Holy Sepulchre .
the [structure] and history of northampton 's most well-known churches : st. peter 's , all saints and the holy sepulchre .

Fine Norman churches , elegant Victorian architecture , museums , art galleries , modern shopping , sports and entertainment , will spoil you for choice .
fine norman churches , elegant victorian [structure] , museums , art galleries , modern shopping , sports and entertainment , will spoil you for choice .

Fine Norman architecture such as St. Peter 's Church on Marefair remind you of days when Northampton was a fortified town with a strong castle .
fine norman [structure] such as st. peter 's church on marefair remind you of days when northampton was a fortified town with a strong castle .

Stowe was the birthplace of English landscape gardening , created by many of the great names of 18th century gardening , architecture and sculpture — Vanburgh , Bridgeman , Kent , Gibbs , Rysbrack , Scheemakers and Capability Brown .
stowe was the birthplace of english landscape gardening , created by many of the great names of 18th century gardening , [structure] and sculpture — vanburgh , bridgeman , kent , gibbs , rysbrack , scheemakers and capability brown .

She has a fine appreciation of art , literature , music and architecture , and clearly a thirst for travel .
she has a fine appreciation of art , literature , music and [structure] , and clearly a thirst for travel .

His antiquarian temperament has made him a greater snapper-up of unconsidered trifles of archaeology , architecture and literature .
his antiquarian temperament has made him a greater snapper-up of unconsidered trifles of archaeology , [structure] and literature .

Apart from some 18,000 prints and photographs of prints in other collections representing all aspects of theatre architecture , scenery and costume designs , Dr Southern 's collection also included a vast amount of original material in the form of engravings , playbills , designs , paintings and several hundred books , many of which are now rare collector 's items .
apart from some 18,000 prints and photographs of prints in other collections representing all aspects of theatre [structure] , scenery and costume designs , dr southern 's collection also included a vast amount of original material in the form of engravings , playbills , designs , paintings and several hundred books , many of which are now rare collector 's items .

He moved to Headley with his family last year from London , where he had won a reputation as a campaigner in his community , and set up practice as Jack Warshaw Conservation Architecture and Planning after many years as head of conservation at Wandsworth Council .
he moved to headley with his family last year from london , where he had won a reputation as a campaigner in his community , and set up practice as jack warshaw conservation [structure] and planning after many years as head of conservation at wandsworth council .

The main purpose of these Parks is to provide tourist facilities , to preserve traditional landscapes and architecture , to stimulate local enterprise and improve local economic prosperity .
the main purpose of these parks is to provide tourist facilities , to preserve traditional landscapes and [structure] , to stimulate local enterprise and improve local economic prosperity .

The railway station at this historic town on the line between Tunbridge Wells and Hastings is a typically extravagant piece of Victorian railway architecture .
the railway station at this historic town on the line between tunbridge wells and hastings is a typically extravagant piece of victorian railway [structure] .

Telegraph Tower is hardly impressive architecture , though five storeys high and of hexagonal shape .
telegraph tower is hardly impressive [structure] , though five storeys high and of hexagonal shape .

The railway station in North Bridge Street is a notable example of the neo-classical style in railway architecture .
the railway station in north bridge street is a notable example of the neo-classical style in railway [structure] .

seven works of art or architecture which were each held by the ancient world to be supreme in their own way : 1 .
seven works of art or [structure] which were each held by the ancient world to be supreme in their own way : 1 .

It is argued that a flexible control structure based on numerical scoring allows the required co-operation to take place , whereas a more limited depth-first architecture seems not to allow this .
it is argued that a flexible control structure based on numerical scoring allows the required co-operation to take place , whereas a more limited depth-first [structure] seems not to allow this .

The need for a more balanced architecture , with readings being ordered not as a result of depth-first search but according to numerical scores to which all system components can contribute , will now be argued in more detail by looking at four types of co-ordination problem occurring in anaphora resolution .
the need for a more balanced [structure] , with readings being ordered not as a result of depth-first search but according to numerical scores to which all system components can contribute , will now be argued in more detail by looking at four types of co-ordination problem occurring in anaphora resolution .

Rich and LuperFoy ( 1988 ) , observing that no individual theory of anaphor resolution is complete , present a blackboard-like architecture ( with a relatively simple control structure ) into which implementations of different partial theories , each normally corresponding to one knowledge source , can be plugged for the purposes of evaluation .
rich and luperfoy ( 1988 ) , observing that no individual theory of anaphor resolution is complete , present a blackboard-like [structure] ( with a relatively simple control structure ) into which implementations of different partial theories , each normally corresponding to one knowledge source , can be plugged for the purposes of evaluation .

The original St. Leonards-on-Sea , now merged with Hastings , was a classic 19th century planned resort , with landscaped gardens and spectacular architecture .
the original st. leonards-on-sea , now merged with hastings , was a classic 19th century planned resort , with landscaped gardens and spectacular [structure] .

Visitors can see the spot where Harold fell , walk the now serenely peaceful battlefield and view the fine examples of surviving monastic architecture .
visitors can see the spot where harold fell , walk the now serenely peaceful battlefield and view the fine examples of surviving monastic [structure] .

This legacy includes great beauty in the form of architecture , sculpture , sculpture paintings , furniture and artefacts that have no like today .
this legacy includes great beauty in the form of [structure] , sculpture , sculpture paintings , furniture and artefacts that have no like today .

Hove has beautiful Regency architecture , colourful floral displays and panoramic views of the Downs from the new Camera Obscura at Foredown Tower .
hove has beautiful regency [structure] , colourful floral displays and panoramic views of the downs from the new camera obscura at foredown tower .

They were looking for something ‘ studenty ’ , so , of course , languid blondes in punts with medieval architecture in the background duly emerged from the dozens of rough sketches scribbled by Willie Rushton .
they were looking for something ‘ studenty ’ , so , of course , languid blondes in punts with medieval [structure] in the background duly emerged from the dozens of rough sketches scribbled by willie rushton .

We pottered around the town of Aire , situated on the banks of the River Lys , and admired some of the 17th and 18th century architecture around its quaint cobbled marketplace .
we pottered around the town of aire , situated on the banks of the river lys , and admired some of the 17th and 18th century [structure] around its quaint cobbled marketplace .

These units retain in its broad outlines the architecture of Fessenheim and Bugey , with the engine rooms tangential to the cylindrical reactor buildings .
these units retain in its broad outlines the [structure] of fessenheim and bugey , with the engine rooms tangential to the cylindrical reactor buildings .

Sir Theodore Cook , an historian of architecture and a natural historian who wrote a classic work on spirals and helices , The Curves of Life , 70 years ago , thought these two differences between wild and domesticated animals not unrelated .
sir theodore cook , an historian of [structure] and a natural historian who wrote a classic work on spirals and helices , the curves of life , 70 years ago , thought these two differences between wild and domesticated animals not unrelated .

In 1967 the association of university rectors established a central registry for applicants in the most popular subjects : medicine , dentistry , veterinary medicine , pharmacy , architecture , psychology , biology and chemistry .
in 1967 the association of university rectors established a central registry for applicants in the most popular subjects : medicine , dentistry , veterinary medicine , pharmacy , [structure] , psychology , biology and chemistry .

Overall , they are not nearly so trendy as articles about architecture which let the fortuitous effect of individual photographs lead the text into exaggeration and bombast .
overall , they are not nearly so trendy as articles about [structure] which let the fortuitous effect of individual photographs lead the text into exaggeration and bombast .

Tree and branch is the oldest type of cable architecture .
tree and branch is the oldest type of cable [structure] .

No school of architecture or civil engineering wants to study or teach about building with earth .
no school of [structure] or civil engineering wants to study or teach about building with earth .

But how mud is used will differ from one climate to another , following the cardinal principle of traditional architecture .
but how mud is used will differ from one climate to another , following the cardinal principle of traditional [structure] .

This squeezing in of lymphocytes and blood vessels is itself very destructive to the normal architecture of the tissues , and in rheumatoid arthritis even erodes the bone until the joint is completely destroyed , causing crippling deformities .
this squeezing in of lymphocytes and blood vessels is itself very destructive to the normal [structure] of the tissues , and in rheumatoid arthritis even erodes the bone until the joint is completely destroyed , causing crippling deformities .

These included knowing the difference between hardware and software , the nature of an algorithm , machine architecture , multiprocessing ( a computer doing several tasks at once ) , the notion of net-works of computers that talk to each other , and about data bases .
these included knowing the difference between hardware and software , the nature of an algorithm , machine [structure] , multiprocessing ( a computer doing several tasks at once ) , the notion of net-works of computers that talk to each other , and about data bases .

Mock-Gothic architecture , like Eglinton Castle , appeared all over Britain , and mock-medieval Tournaments were staged in England and various other European countries .
mock-gothic [structure] , like eglinton castle , appeared all over britain , and mock-medieval tournaments were staged in england and various other european countries .

Indeed , if the message of its architecture is to be taken at all at face value , it was a city in which the factions did not follow conventional lines at all .
indeed , if the message of its [structure] is to be taken at all at face value , it was a city in which the factions did not follow conventional lines at all .

The most powerful weapon in twelfth-century warfare was the castle ; and the chief development in military technology in our period was in the architecture of castles and the technique of their destruction , and in siegecraft in general .
the most powerful weapon in twelfth-century warfare was the castle ; and the chief development in military technology in our period was in the [structure] of castles and the technique of their destruction , and in siegecraft in general .

The database concept is ideally suited to professional activities since it relies on an assumption that an ‘ architecture ’ of information storage and retrieval will follow predetermined ( albeit flexible ) routes .
the database concept is ideally suited to professional activities since it relies on an assumption that an ‘ [structure] ’ of information storage and retrieval will follow predetermined ( albeit flexible ) routes .

These are the finest flowers of our domestic architecture .
these are the finest flowers of our domestic [structure] .

It belonged to a period of architecture that was both ugly and ornate , and it was fairly covered with scrolls and plaques and turrets and totally unnecessary little balconies .
it belonged to a period of [structure] that was both ugly and ornate , and it was fairly covered with scrolls and plaques and turrets and totally unnecessary little balconies .

The method came to prominence through the activities of Frederick Bligh Bond , a highly respected authority on medieval church architecture .
the method came to prominence through the activities of frederick bligh bond , a highly respected authority on medieval church [structure] .

It is because these principles have been lost that much modern architecture is criticized : there is no link with or respect for Nature .
it is because these principles have been lost that much modern [structure] is criticized : there is no link with or respect for nature .

It seems certain that hidden teachings on sacred geometry — form , shape , proportion , number , measure and materials — were passed on into Christian times and were incorporated into much church architecture , including the great cathedrals .
it seems certain that hidden teachings on sacred geometry — form , shape , proportion , number , measure and materials — were passed on into christian times and were incorporated into much church [structure] , including the great cathedrals .

Painting , architecture ( as its most pure ) , and literature have a definitive form or text , and although the same can be said of drama whilst it remains on the printed page , its conversion to the performing medium allows a great deal more flexibility than music ever can .
painting , [structure] ( as its most pure ) , and literature have a definitive form or text , and although the same can be said of drama whilst it remains on the printed page , its conversion to the performing medium allows a great deal more flexibility than music ever can .

When the old Gem Street school moved out to Perry Common in the suburbs of Birmingham , and was renamed Braidwood , things were much better — the architecture was more modern , and classrooms light and airy .
when the old gem street school moved out to perry common in the suburbs of birmingham , and was renamed braidwood , things were much better — the [structure] was more modern , and classrooms light and airy .

History and Theory of Art and Design : Philosophy and aesthetics of art ; History of design and decoration ; Modern Irish art and architecture ; Design theory in the 20th century ; Film and media studies ; Theories of popular visual culture .
history and theory of art and design : philosophy and aesthetics of art ; history of design and decoration ; modern irish art and [structure] ; design theory in the 20th century ; film and media studies ; theories of popular visual culture .

This should provide evidence of interest and motivation in as many areas as possible of art , craft , design and architecture .
this should provide evidence of interest and motivation in as many areas as possible of art , craft , design and [structure] .

Architecture and Operating Systems
[structure] and operating systems

‘ To save from the wreck of time and the busy hand of man ( ‘ man out of his place ’ ) the best specimens of this mountain architecture , by a series of representations , on a scale adequate to their beauty and importance , has long been the wish of the writer , who , for such a purpose , has already proposed to publish
‘ to save from the wreck of time and the busy hand of man ( ‘ man out of his place ’ ) the best specimens of this mountain [structure] , by a series of representations , on a scale adequate to their beauty and importance , has long been the wish of the writer , who , for such a purpose , has already proposed to publish

In Green 's Tourist 's New Guide 1819 , p.4. he says ‘ The writer was encouraged to the pursuit of painting by Mr. West , but why he knows not , his few sketches were humble , his mind untutored , and he knew none of the requisite theories , but geometry , perspective and architecture ’ .
in green 's tourist 's new guide 1819 , p.4. he says ‘ the writer was encouraged to the pursuit of painting by mr. west , but why he knows not , his few sketches were humble , his mind untutored , and he knew none of the requisite theories , but geometry , perspective and [structure] ’ .

He goes on to say that the main purpose of writing was to ‘ save from the wreck of time and the busy hand of man the best specimens of this mountain architecture , is one of the principal objects of the present publication … ’ One and a half centuries later , similar books are being contemplated with text and photographs but the march of progress does not heed them .
he goes on to say that the main purpose of writing was to ‘ save from the wreck of time and the busy hand of man the best specimens of this mountain [structure] , is one of the principal objects of the present publication … ’ one and a half centuries later , similar books are being contemplated with text and photographs but the march of progress does not heed them .

The display of wealth and power and the pure delight in architecture too , have all found expression in historic buildings and their surroundings .
the display of wealth and power and the pure delight in [structure] too , have all found expression in historic buildings and their surroundings .

There remained points of contact between architecture and palaeography , and scholars have detected Romanesque and Gothic periods in both .
there remained points of contact between [structure] and palaeography , and scholars have detected romanesque and gothic periods in both .

Buildings and architecture
buildings and [structure]

For the purposes of this chapter the word ‘ architecture ’ — the art or science of building — is employed in the widest possible sense , from the construction of the circular huts of the Bronze Age peoples to the curtain-walled apartment blocks or ‘ space-age ’ experimental structures of the late twentieth century .
for the purposes of this chapter the word ‘ [structure] ’ — the art or science of building — is employed in the widest possible sense , from the construction of the circular huts of the bronze age peoples to the curtain-walled apartment blocks or ‘ space-age ’ experimental structures of the late twentieth century .

These were of great value not only regarding the history of the architecture of the fabric and fitments , but also the matrimonial alliances of long-dead notables .
these were of great value not only regarding the history of the [structure] of the fabric and fitments , but also the matrimonial alliances of long-dead notables .

Domestic buildings and architecture
domestic buildings and [structure]

These include architecture , church history , archaeology , legal documentation , and so on .
these include [structure] , church history , archaeology , legal documentation , and so on .

Town planning Liverpool University archives contain two bodies of documents of interest to researchers in local history : the first is Lord Holford 's papers on town planning , and the second is Sir Charles Reilly 's documents on architecture .
town planning liverpool university archives contain two bodies of documents of interest to researchers in local history : the first is lord holford 's papers on town planning , and the second is sir charles reilly 's documents on [structure] .

British Architectural Library ( London ) has more than 400 metres of shelving of manuscript works from the seventeenth century onwards , on all manner of architectural topics ; there are more than 250,000 drawings and 50,000 photographs on architecture and topography .
british architectural library ( london ) has more than 400 metres of shelving of manuscript works from the seventeenth century onwards , on all manner of architectural topics ; there are more than 250,000 drawings and 50,000 photographs on [structure] and topography .

There are prizes which can be awarded within the architecture profession .
there are prizes which can be awarded within the [structure] profession .

The third issue of The Saturday Review , on 17th November , 1855 , carried a vigorous attack on Pennethorne 's architecture .
the third issue of the saturday review , on 17th november , 1855 , carried a vigorous attack on pennethorne 's [structure] .

Scott said that , having just completed writing his Remarks on Secular and Domestic Architecture , Present and Future , the ‘ great competition , then , found me in rather a prepared state of mind ’ .
scott said that , having just completed writing his remarks on secular and domestic [structure] , present and future , the ‘ great competition , then , found me in rather a prepared state of mind ’ .

He intended ‘ to nominate some gentlemen who were not connected with engineering or architecture and to associate with them others having a thorough knowledge of those professions ’ .
he intended ‘ to nominate some gentlemen who were not connected with engineering or [structure] and to associate with them others having a thorough knowledge of those professions ’ .

Competitors felt , as events were to prove with considerable justification , that official opinion favoured classical architecture .
competitors felt , as events were to prove with considerable justification , that official opinion favoured classical [structure] .

They totalled seventy-six drawings and made such a lavish display , in a climate so obviously orientated towards a classical outcome , that they could almost be considered as a challenge to the sponsors with their instinctive bias towards classical architecture .
they totalled seventy-six drawings and made such a lavish display , in a climate so obviously orientated towards a classical outcome , that they could almost be considered as a challenge to the sponsors with their instinctive bias towards classical [structure] .

Their office blocks appear to have been symmetrical and , as The Saturday remarked , based on the architecture of fourteenth-century Flemish Town Halls ; ‘ very picturesque and well massed up , albeit a little slight in parts , particularly the towers ’ .
their office blocks appear to have been symmetrical and , as the saturday remarked , based on the [structure] of fourteenth-century flemish town halls ; ‘ very picturesque and well massed up , albeit a little slight in parts , particularly the towers ’ .

Thenceforward he made the study of architecture one of his chief pleasures .
thenceforward he made the study of [structure] one of his chief pleasures .

The complexity of nineteenth-century building meant that increasing numbers of men had to devote their lives to its study , by making architecture their livelihood .
the complexity of nineteenth-century building meant that increasing numbers of men had to devote their lives to its study , by making [structure] their livelihood .

The lay judges , like Stanhope and Stirling , probably appreciated the shortcomings of neo-classical architecture for modern building , and saw the French style as a suitable nineteenth-century alternative .
the lay judges , like stanhope and stirling , probably appreciated the shortcomings of neo-classical [structure] for modern building , and saw the french style as a suitable nineteenth-century alternative .

The judges ' decision can therefore be seen as an attempt by enlightened amateurs to retain their position as arbiters of taste in the face of these threats , by sponsoring a style of architecture which they felt would be an appropriate form of building in Victorian England .
the judges ' decision can therefore be seen as an attempt by enlightened amateurs to retain their position as arbiters of taste in the face of these threats , by sponsoring a style of [structure] which they felt would be an appropriate form of building in victorian england .

His views on architecture were well known and , by selecting him as their chairman , the Committee considerably increased the chances of a Gothic building being built .
his views on [structure] were well known and , by selecting him as their chairman , the committee considerably increased the chances of a gothic building being built .

Hope 's greatest power lay in his writings , which were prolific and varied , although an enthusiasm for the high-church and Gothic Revival architecture predominated in his works .
hope 's greatest power lay in his writings , which were prolific and varied , although an enthusiasm for the high-church and gothic revival [structure] predominated in his works .

As well as writing two novels , he wrote several books about church architecture and liturgy , the best known being The English Cathedral of the Nineteenth Century , and numerous pamphlets , essays and letters to the press .
as well as writing two novels , he wrote several books about church [structure] and liturgy , the best known being the english cathedral of the nineteenth century , and numerous pamphlets , essays and letters to the press .

However , it is as an active patron of architecture that Hope is best known , where he used his immense wealth to provide the tangible realization of his Gothic aspirations .
however , it is as an active patron of [structure] that hope is best known , where he used his immense wealth to provide the tangible realization of his gothic aspirations .

In 1841 , on the strength of his recent inheritance from Henry Hope , he assisted the newly appointed Master of Trinity College and writer on Gothic architecture , William Whewell , with funds for the restoration of the facade of the Master 's Lodge ‘ to something like its original shape ’ .
in 1841 , on the strength of his recent inheritance from henry hope , he assisted the newly appointed master of trinity college and writer on gothic [structure] , william whewell , with funds for the restoration of the facade of the master 's lodge ‘ to something like its original shape ’ .

Apart from Buxton , Hope and Tite , there were other members of the Committee who had leanings towards a particular style of architecture .
apart from buxton , hope and tite , there were other members of the committee who had leanings towards a particular style of [structure] .

Some of the prize designs being in Italian architecture and some in Gothic , your Committee particularly directed its inquiries to the question whether ( apart from considerations of taste ) either style had the advantage as to cheapness , commodiousness of arrangement , or facilities for light and ventilation .
some of the prize designs being in italian [structure] and some in gothic , your committee particularly directed its inquiries to the question whether ( apart from considerations of taste ) either style had the advantage as to cheapness , commodiousness of arrangement , or facilities for light and ventilation .

This inexperience appears to be their only real drawback , but obviously the style of architecture did not suit Hope 's taste .
this inexperience appears to be their only real drawback , but obviously the style of [structure] did not suit hope 's taste .

unalterable conviction in favour of the adoption for our Palace of Administration of the revived national style — a style so characteristic of our own age it is beginning to be called Victorian — we protest against being obliged to tolerate an effete Palladian or mongrel Renaissance architecture to please those who wish to claim the merit of a breadth of view and of artistic sympathy by denying that they have any prejudices on the subject , one way or the other .
unalterable conviction in favour of the adoption for our palace of administration of the revived national style — a style so characteristic of our own age it is beginning to be called victorian — we protest against being obliged to tolerate an effete palladian or mongrel renaissance [structure] to please those who wish to claim the merit of a breadth of view and of artistic sympathy by denying that they have any prejudices on the subject , one way or the other .

He had exhibited work every year since 1847 , and had given about three of a series of lectures on mediaeval architecture to students at the Academy , which he had started the previous year .
he had exhibited work every year since 1847 , and had given about three of a series of lectures on mediaeval [structure] to students at the academy , which he had started the previous year .

But Wyatt was known to have leanings towards classical architecture , and by choosing Scott after his intentions for the Foreign Office were well known , Stanley indicated that he also required a Gothic building .
but wyatt was known to have leanings towards classical [structure] , and by choosing scott after his intentions for the foreign office were well known , stanley indicated that he also required a gothic building .

Digby Wyatt 's earliest extant building is the Gothic Aldingham Hall , Cumbria , of 1846 to 1850 , and although he designed the Pompeian , Byzantine , English Gothic , Italian and Renaissance Courts at the re-erected Crystal Palace at Sydenham in 1854 , and The Art Journal commented that he had ‘ in practice attached himself more heartily to the classic ’ , he felt , like Scott , that the nineteenth century should have its particular form of architecture , but unlike Scott , he thought that this should be an adaptation of the Cinquecento style .
digby wyatt 's earliest extant building is the gothic aldingham hall , cumbria , of 1846 to 1850 , and although he designed the pompeian , byzantine , english gothic , italian and renaissance courts at the re-erected crystal palace at sydenham in 1854 , and the art journal commented that he had ‘ in practice attached himself more heartily to the classic ’ , he felt , like scott , that the nineteenth century should have its particular form of [structure] , but unlike scott , he thought that this should be an adaptation of the cinquecento style .

He was also the publisher of the monthly Gentleman 's Magazine , and in its 1st January , 1859 number he published a letter from himself urging Scott to ‘ get rid of the foreign look which pervaded ’ his design for the Foreign Office , and to use English thirteenth-century architecture as his model .
he was also the publisher of the monthly gentleman 's magazine , and in its 1st january , 1859 number he published a letter from himself urging scott to ‘ get rid of the foreign look which pervaded ’ his design for the foreign office , and to use english thirteenth-century [structure] as his model .

He agreed with Coningham 's protest against Gothic : ‘ it is going back to the barbarism of the dark ages ’ , and he could not see why all the buildings in the area should be the same style , as the ‘ neighbourhood of Downing Street is full of buildings of totally different styles of architecture ’ .
he agreed with coningham 's protest against gothic : ‘ it is going back to the barbarism of the dark ages ’ , and he could not see why all the buildings in the area should be the same style , as the ‘ neighbourhood of downing street is full of buildings of totally different styles of [structure] ’ .

On the evening after the first letter appeared , 14th February , the Institute held a Special General Meeting to ratify the Council 's recommendations for prizes and awards , which included one that the Institute 's highest award , the Royal Gold Medal in Architecture for 1858 , should be conferred on Scott .
on the evening after the first letter appeared , 14th february , the institute held a special general meeting to ratify the council 's recommendations for prizes and awards , which included one that the institute 's highest award , the royal gold medal in [structure] for 1858 , should be conferred on scott .

At the same time they submitted a memorial to Manners which stated their conviction ‘ that by a developement [ sic ] on the basis of the old architecture of the country there exists the best hope of our Public Buildings being effectually improved in character ’ .
at the same time they submitted a memorial to manners which stated their conviction ‘ that by a developement [ sic ] on the basis of the old [structure] of the country there exists the best hope of our public buildings being effectually improved in character ’ .

Perhaps unnerved by the suddenness of his summons to the Prime Minister and the vigour of Palmerston 's attack , Scott felt that his case had to be presented in a ‘ more consecutive manner ’ , and on 23rd July , 1859 , he wrote a long letter to Palmerston explaining how much effort he had put into the design and what a loss it would be to the country if it was not adopted . He claimed that there had been a bona-fide revival of Gothic architecture during the reign of Queen Victoria , that there was with those who loved architecture and made it the subject of special study ,
perhaps unnerved by the suddenness of his summons to the prime minister and the vigour of palmerston 's attack , scott felt that his case had to be presented in a ‘ more consecutive manner ’ , and on 23rd july , 1859 , he wrote a long letter to palmerston explaining how much effort he had put into the design and what a loss it would be to the country if it was not adopted . he claimed that there had been a bona-fide revival of gothic [structure] during the reign of queen victoria , that there was with those who loved [structure] and made it the subject of special study ,

a growing dissatisfaction with the more recent productions ( or the majority of them ) of that form of Classic Architecture Vernacularized amongst us , and a most earnest desire to see some variety introduced among our public buildings .
a growing dissatisfaction with the more recent productions ( or the majority of them ) of that form of classic [structure] vernacularized amongst us , and a most earnest desire to see some variety introduced among our public buildings .

This desire has shewn itself in some minds in the advocacy of the introduction of some new style especially marking our own age , in others in the wish to see the Architecture which so especially belongs to our own and immediately neighbouring Countries , — and which for some classes of buildings has already been so completely revived , — adapted to the especial requirements of our own times and all the inventions habits and comforts incident to them .
this desire has shewn itself in some minds in the advocacy of the introduction of some new style especially marking our own age , in others in the wish to see the [structure] which so especially belongs to our own and immediately neighbouring countries , — and which for some classes of buildings has already been so completely revived , — adapted to the especial requirements of our own times and all the inventions habits and comforts incident to them .

His design should not be compared with that of the Houses of Parliament , which was ‘ not in the best and purest phase of Pointed architecture ’ .
his design should not be compared with that of the houses of parliament , which was ‘ not in the best and purest phase of pointed [structure] ’ .

On the same day that he received Palmerston 's letter , he replied that he had not intended to say that Gothic was re-established as the leading English architecture of the day , but rather its history and origin made a strong case for its revival in those countries where it had first flourished .
on the same day that he received palmerston 's letter , he replied that he had not intended to say that gothic was re-established as the leading english [structure] of the day , but rather its history and origin made a strong case for its revival in those countries where it had first flourished .

He accused Tite of inconsistency by advocating Pennethorne to the Select Committee and now saying that the competitors should be taken in order of precedence , and repeated the main arguments that he had used in the delegation , with the New Town of Edinburgh as an additional example of the monotony of classical architecture .
he accused tite of inconsistency by advocating pennethorne to the select committee and now saying that the competitors should be taken in order of precedence , and repeated the main arguments that he had used in the delegation , with the new town of edinburgh as an additional example of the monotony of classical [structure] .

The Building News and The Architects ' Journal and ‘ gentlemen who had devoted their lives to the study of architecture ’ favoured Scott 's design .
the building news and the architects ' journal and ‘ gentlemen who had devoted their lives to the study of [structure] ’ favoured scott 's design .

Stirling said that he liked both styles of architecture , but with the ‘ sacrifice of convenience to a constant repetition of insipid ornament ’ in the Houses of Parliament , the House had a natural prejudice against Gothic .
stirling said that he liked both styles of [structure] , but with the ‘ sacrifice of convenience to a constant repetition of insipid ornament ’ in the houses of parliament , the house had a natural prejudice against gothic .

He elaborated the point he first made in the February that Gothic architecture expressed a spirit ‘ opposed to liberty and the true interests and prosperity of a Protestant country ’ .
he elaborated the point he first made in the february that gothic [structure] expressed a spirit ‘ opposed to liberty and the true interests and prosperity of a protestant country ’ .

Gothic architecture was the most pliant of styles , which makes it particularly susceptible to the whims of an architect .
gothic [structure] was the most pliant of styles , which makes it particularly susceptible to the whims of an architect .

He repeated the old argument about lighting , and concluded with the extraordinary comment that as Portland stone was most suitable for London , but does not suit Gothic or Elizabethan architecture , the style would have to be Italian .
he repeated the old argument about lighting , and concluded with the extraordinary comment that as portland stone was most suitable for london , but does not suit gothic or elizabethan [structure] , the style would have to be italian .

On 13th August , it declared that Palmerston was not qualified to comment on architecture : ‘ Art tastes and musical tastes do not come by nature — they are the result of study and education and practice .
on 13th august , it declared that palmerston was not qualified to comment on [structure] : ‘ art tastes and musical tastes do not come by nature — they are the result of study and education and practice .

But the new Foreign Office , ‘ if in contiguity with anything ’ , it was not Gothic buildings but ‘ one of the gems of European architecture , the Banqueting House ’ .
but the new foreign office , ‘ if in contiguity with anything ’ , it was not gothic buildings but ‘ one of the gems of european [structure] , the banqueting house ’ .

Robert Kerr , on Donaldson 's suggestion , explained that he thought that styles of architecture were associated with particular civilizations and the architecture of the day arose with modern civilization in fifteenth-century Italy .
robert kerr , on donaldson 's suggestion , explained that he thought that styles of [structure] were associated with particular civilizations and the [structure] of the day arose with modern civilization in fifteenth-century italy .

As has been recently said , Kerr considered the argument about style to be distracting the course of nineteenth-century architecture .
as has been recently said , kerr considered the argument about style to be distracting the course of nineteenth-century [structure] .

He was Professor of Architecture at University College London and had himself built only a handful of buildings .
he was professor of [structure] at university college london and had himself built only a handful of buildings .

In spite of his Gothic Holy Trinity Church , Brompton , of 1826 , and his Tudor Halls of Residence for University College in 1848 , he was a firm supporter of classical architecture .
in spite of his gothic holy trinity church , brompton , of 1826 , and his tudor halls of residence for university college in 1848 , he was a firm supporter of classical [structure] .

The internationalism of architecture particularly interested him , for as well as being considered as the founder of the Institute of Architects , he served for twenty-four years as its Honorary Secretary for Foreign Correspondence .
the internationalism of [structure] particularly interested him , for as well as being considered as the founder of the institute of architects , he served for twenty-four years as its honorary secretary for foreign correspondence .

He had carried out work for Palmerston at Broadlands in 1856 , and in the dedication of his book , Architecture Numismatica , published in 1859 , he described Palmerston as ‘ the enlightened advocate of classical architecture ’ .
he had carried out work for palmerston at broadlands in 1856 , and in the dedication of his book , [structure] numismatica , published in 1859 , he described palmerston as ‘ the enlightened advocate of classical [structure] ’ .

On 4th August , during the Supply Debate , he sent Palmerston two papers on architecture .
on 4th august , during the supply debate , he sent palmerston two papers on [structure] .

Architecture is a progressive art , and there is no instance on record , in Ancient times , of a retrogression , or a reproduction of the works of preceeding periods … The advance in the interest , and in the improvements , customs and conveniences of society , necessitated advance or change in Architecture to meet those circumstances … Convenience , scientific construction and durable materials should be considered before style or ornament … Style is the mere vehicle by which architectural beauty is obtained ; but , is not necessarily beautiful in itself : — it is the proper application of style which constitutes aesthetic beauty …
[structure] is a progressive art , and there is no instance on record , in ancient times , of a retrogression , or a reproduction of the works of preceeding periods … the advance in the interest , and in the improvements , customs and conveniences of society , necessitated advance or change in [structure] to meet those circumstances … convenience , scientific construction and durable materials should be considered before style or ornament … style is the mere vehicle by which architectural beauty is obtained ; but , is not necessarily beautiful in itself : — it is the proper application of style which constitutes aesthetic beauty …

Among the points it made was that the Revival was ‘ simply the fruit of dilettante and antiquarian study ’ , and ‘ if thirteenth century architecture was so perfectly adapted to the circumstances of the day ’ , it can not therefore be so for the nineteenth .
among the points it made was that the revival was ‘ simply the fruit of dilettante and antiquarian study ’ , and ‘ if thirteenth century [structure] was so perfectly adapted to the circumstances of the day ’ , it can not therefore be so for the nineteenth .

Palmerston was adamant and either he had to produce a design which would accord with Palmerston 's idea of ‘ Italian ’ architecture or resign .
palmerston was adamant and either he had to produce a design which would accord with palmerston 's idea of ‘ italian ’ [structure] or resign .

Freeman was clearly an enthusiastic advocate of Scott , having in 1849 described St Nicholas 's at Hamburg in his History of Architecture as ‘ the noblest work that three generations have produced ’ .
freeman was clearly an enthusiastic advocate of scott , having in 1849 described st nicholas 's at hamburg in his history of [structure] as ‘ the noblest work that three generations have produced ’ .

Scott also worked with Ruskin in 1854 , when he added the chancel to the Camden Church at Camberwell , but as Ruskin turned his attention away from architecture he became scornful of Scott 's efforts .
scott also worked with ruskin in 1854 , when he added the chancel to the camden church at camberwell , but as ruskin turned his attention away from [structure] he became scornful of scott 's efforts .

Architecture is hard to define .
[structure] is hard to define .

It relegates the mother of the arts to an inferior position ; just as well to describe music as melted architecture .
it relegates the mother of the arts to an inferior position ; just as well to describe music as melted [structure] .

Nietzsche believed that architecture reflected his pride , man ’ s triumph over gravity , and his will to power .
nietzsche believed that [structure] reflected his pride , man ’ s triumph over gravity , and his will to power .

The British master Edwin Lutyens referred to architecture as a sort of play : “ In architecture , Palladio is the game ! ” Le Corbusier described his art as “ the masterly , correct and magnificent play of masses brought together in light , ” which is a good description of one of his own buildings .
the british master edwin lutyens referred to [structure] as a sort of play : “ in [structure] , palladio is the game ! ” le corbusier described his art as “ the masterly , correct and magnificent play of masses brought together in light , ” which is a good description of one of his own buildings .

Wotton , who lived a long time in Venice and was a lover of architecture though not an architect , published a treatise on the subject in 1642 .
wotton , who lived a long time in venice and was a lover of [structure] though not an architect , published a treatise on the subject in 1642 .

To begin with , architecture has not one but three distinct purposes : to shelter human activity ( commodity ) , to durably challenge gravity and the elements ( firmness ) , and to be an object of beauty ( delight ) .
to begin with , [structure] has not one but three distinct purposes : to shelter human activity ( commodity ) , to durably challenge gravity and the elements ( firmness ) , and to be an object of beauty ( delight ) .

Architecture is always a synthesis of the three .
[structure] is always a synthesis of the three .

One might assume that just as the highest-rated cars—Mercedes-Benz , BMW , Lexus—represent the highest standards of automobile technology , the most admired architecture would be the best built .
one might assume that just as the highest-rated cars—mercedes-benz , bmw , lexus—represent the highest standards of automobile technology , the most admired [structure] would be the best built .

Pleasing , well-loved—and well-built—the Quad is architecture of the highest order .
pleasing , well-loved—and well-built—the quad is [structure] of the highest order .

The architecture historians whom we studied—Siegfried Giedion , Nikolaus Pevsner , James Marston Fitch—favored innovators and experimenters , even if the innovations and experiments often failed .
the [structure] historians whom we studied—siegfried giedion , nikolaus pevsner , james marston fitch—favored innovators and experimenters , even if the innovations and experiments often failed .

Put another way , most historians of modern architecture gave precedence to Delight over Commoditie and Firmeness .
put another way , most historians of modern [structure] gave precedence to delight over commoditie and firmeness .

Maybe they were attracted chiefly to the aesthetic qualities of architecture .
maybe they were attracted chiefly to the aesthetic qualities of [structure] .

This is not to say that good architecture is merely utilitarian .
this is not to say that good [structure] is merely utilitarian .

Both buildings are inspired by the Classical architecture of the past , but Grand Central , which opened in 1913 , is a modified version of Beaux-Arts Classicism , whereas the Philadelphia station , despite the Corinthian columns , is simplified , abstracted , and stylized , what historians called “ stripped Classicism. ” As a result , Grand Central is dramatic , visually rich in its details , almost Wagnerian ; Thirtieth Street is equally dramatic but in a way that is coolly geometrical and sleekly urbane—not Wagner , Cole Porter .
both buildings are inspired by the classical [structure] of the past , but grand central , which opened in 1913 , is a modified version of beaux-arts classicism , whereas the philadelphia station , despite the corinthian columns , is simplified , abstracted , and stylized , what historians called “ stripped classicism. ” as a result , grand central is dramatic , visually rich in its details , almost wagnerian ; thirtieth street is equally dramatic but in a way that is coolly geometrical and sleekly urbane—not wagner , cole porter .

Sometimes functional requirements override other considerations ; a laboratory that does not serve its scientists is a failed work of architecture , no matter how beautiful its design .
sometimes functional requirements override other considerations ; a laboratory that does not serve its scientists is a failed work of [structure] , no matter how beautiful its design .

That is what distinguishes architecture from the fine arts of painting and sculpture “ An artist can paint square wheels , ” Paul Klee once observed , “ but an architect must make them round. ” Architecture , in this respect , is no different than other “ operative arts ” such as cooking .
that is what distinguishes [structure] from the fine arts of painting and sculpture “ an artist can paint square wheels , ” paul klee once observed , “ but an architect must make them round. ” [structure] , in this respect , is no different than other “ operative arts ” such as cooking .

The art of cooking , like the art of architecture , lies in knowing how to establish the appropriate relations between the three conditions .
the art of cooking , like the art of [structure] , lies in knowing how to establish the appropriate relations between the three conditions .

To paraphrase Robert Hughes , a photograph of architecture is to architecture as telephone sex is to sex .
to paraphrase robert hughes , a photograph of [structure] is to [structure] as telephone sex is to sex .

Such primping and visual editing sets off the architecture to best advantage .
such primping and visual editing sets off the [structure] to best advantage .

While this was done for philosophical reasons , it also ensured a direct relationship between architecture and people—it is why even very large Classical buildings feel comfortable .
while this was done for philosophical reasons , it also ensured a direct relationship between [structure] and people—it is why even very large classical buildings feel comfortable .

By removing people from buildings , architectural photography makes it possible to regard architecture as an abstraction , unrelated to humans .
by removing people from buildings , architectural photography makes it possible to regard [structure] as an abstraction , unrelated to humans .

Moreover , in these interiors the architecture is in the background .
moreover , in these interiors the [structure] is in the background .

The connection between décor and dress can be even more intimate , for architecture sometimes directly mimics dress .
the connection between décor and dress can be even more intimate , for [structure] sometimes directly mimics dress .

The ancient Greeks incorporated elements of dress in temple architecture .
the ancient greeks incorporated elements of dress in temple [structure] .

Architecture , interior decoration , and fashion design are three distinct fields , yet we experience them with the same eye .
[structure] , interior decoration , and fashion design are three distinct fields , yet we experience them with the same eye .

English eyes in the midst of the Neoclassic revival sought fundamental simplicity and sobriety in men ’ s clothes as well as in architecture .
english eyes in the midst of the neoclassic revival sought fundamental simplicity and sobriety in men ’ s clothes as well as in [structure] .

The architecture made sense .
the [structure] made sense .

Like it or not , architecture can not escape fashion .
like it or not , [structure] can not escape fashion .

Built 50 years apart , these commercial office blocks share a balefully functionalist approach to architecture .
built 50 years apart , these commercial office blocks share a balefully functionalist approach to [structure] .

The New York Times likewise derided the blatant commercialism of the architecture .
the new york times likewise derided the blatant commercialism of the [structure] .

With these designs , Hood developed the distinctly American approach to skyscrapers that would influence Van Alen and a generation of skyscraper designers : tall buildings conceived as Nietzschean symbols of corporate power or , to put it more mundanely , architecture as advertising .
with these designs , hood developed the distinctly american approach to skyscrapers that would influence van alen and a generation of skyscraper designers : tall buildings conceived as nietzschean symbols of corporate power or , to put it more mundanely , [structure] as advertising .

What I don ’ t remember is ever learning about Radio City as an architecture student .
what i don ’ t remember is ever learning about radio city as an [structure] student .

According to the reductive standards of my International Style teachers , its opulent materials , its glowing colors , and its very theatricality disqualified Radio City as architecture ( never mind that it was a technologically sophisticated “ machine for entertainment ” ) .
according to the reductive standards of my international style teachers , its opulent materials , its glowing colors , and its very theatricality disqualified radio city as [structure] ( never mind that it was a technologically sophisticated “ machine for entertainment ” ) .

If style is the language of architecture , fashion represents the wide—and swirling—cultural currents that shape and direct that language .
if style is the language of [structure] , fashion represents the wide—and swirling—cultural currents that shape and direct that language .

Gothic architecture originated in France in the twelfth century , and remained in fashion in Europe for the next three hundred years .
gothic [structure] originated in france in the twelfth century , and remained in fashion in europe for the next three hundred years .

In the mid-eighteenth century , the term Gothic reappeared , not in architecture but in literature .
in the mid-eighteenth century , the term gothic reappeared , not in [structure] but in literature .

This is a reminder that by 1798 , when Northanger Abbey was written , the Gothic fashion had embraced architecture .
this is a reminder that by 1798 , when northanger abbey was written , the gothic fashion had embraced [structure] .

Was his English counterpart , George Gilbert Scott , who considered Gothic more “ modern ” than Classical architecture , hence a more appropriate model for architects .
was his english counterpart , george gilbert scott , who considered gothic more “ modern ” than classical [structure] , hence a more appropriate model for architects .

He considered medieval architecture to be the ideal of Christian civilization , much as Greece and Rome had been admired as the cradle of classical—but pagan—civilization .
he considered medieval [structure] to be the ideal of christian civilization , much as greece and rome had been admired as the cradle of classical—but pagan—civilization .

While the architecture of federal Washington sometimes overwhelms foreign visitors , it is comfortably familiar to most Americans because of the popularity of a simplified version of Classicism—the so-called American Colonial style , which could more accurately be called American Georgian .
while the [structure] of federal washington sometimes overwhelms foreign visitors , it is comfortably familiar to most americans because of the popularity of a simplified version of classicism—the so-called american colonial style , which could more accurately be called american georgian .

January 1874 was the inaugural issue of The New York Sketchbook of Architecture .
january 1874 was the inaugural issue of the new york sketchbook of [structure] .

Architectural reputations , as well as architecture , come under fashion ’ s sway .
architectural reputations , as well as [structure] , come under fashion ’ s sway .

Hood , Ely Jacques Kahn , and Ralph Walker ( the architect of the Irving Trust Building on Wall Street ) , all small men , were dubbed the “ Three Little Napoleons of Architecture ” by The New Yorker .
hood , ely jacques kahn , and ralph walker ( the architect of the irving trust building on wall street ) , all small men , were dubbed the “ three little napoleons of [structure] ” by the new yorker .

His robustly monumental Art and Architecture Building at Yale , where he was also chairman , reinvigorated postwar American architecture .
his robustly monumental art and [structure] building at yale , where he was also chairman , reinvigorated postwar american [structure] .

After the turn-of-the-century , with Classicism all the rage , Furness ’ idiosyncratic brand of architecture became unfashionable .
after the turn-of-the-century , with classicism all the rage , furness ’ idiosyncratic brand of [structure] became unfashionable .

The fate of Rudolph and Furness is a reminder that although architecture is susceptible to fashion , architects are not fashion designers .
the fate of rudolph and furness is a reminder that although [structure] is susceptible to fashion , architects are not fashion designers .

He might as well have said , “ I can not design a new architecture every Monday morning. ” The Seagram Building is a masterpiece , not because Mies had a sudden inspiration , but because he had spent decades learning how to bring commodity , firmness , and delight into his particular version of balance ; how to attach the travertine to the wall to create a particular effect ; which metal fabricator could make a certain kind of handrail ; and exactly how deep to make a window mullion to cast the right size of shadow .
he might as well have said , “ i can not design a new [structure] every monday morning. ” the seagram building is a masterpiece , not because mies had a sudden inspiration , but because he had spent decades learning how to bring commodity , firmness , and delight into his particular version of balance ; how to attach the travertine to the wall to create a particular effect ; which metal fabricator could make a certain kind of handrail ; and exactly how deep to make a window mullion to cast the right size of shadow .

Today , in a period of so-called entertainment architecture , when the world ’ s most celebrated architects design theme parks and casinos , Lapidus seems less like a maverick than a pioneer .
today , in a period of so-called entertainment [structure] , when the world ’ s most celebrated architects design theme parks and casinos , lapidus seems less like a maverick than a pioneer .

Architecture changes at a bewildering pace .
[structure] changes at a bewildering pace .

No less so in architecture .
no less so in [structure] .

In a 1913 essay titled “ Style in American Architecture , ” Ralph Adams Cram identified no less than seven contemporary styles , although he called them “ tendencies. ” Five were traditional : McKim ’ s pure Classicism ; the Beaux-Arts French Modern ; Colonial , which was associated with houses but was also appearing in larger buildings such as the Johns Hopkins University campus ; Cram ’ s own High Gothic ; and a looser interpretation of the medieval style as practiced by his partner Goodhue .
in a 1913 essay titled “ style in american [structure] , ” ralph adams cram identified no less than seven contemporary styles , although he called them “ tendencies. ” five were traditional : mckim ’ s pure classicism ; the beaux-arts french modern ; colonial , which was associated with houses but was also appearing in larger buildings such as the johns hopkins university campus ; cram ’ s own high gothic ; and a looser interpretation of the medieval style as practiced by his partner goodhue .

In the 1920s , Le Corbusier proclaimed the “ Five Points of a New Architecture ” : the building raised on stilts ; the roof garden ; the frame structure that allowed a free plan ; the free façade ; and the horizontal ribbon window .
in the 1920s , le corbusier proclaimed the “ five points of a new [structure] ” : the building raised on stilts ; the roof garden ; the frame structure that allowed a free plan ; the free façade ; and the horizontal ribbon window .

The history of Western architecture is of architects searching for rules , only to bend and break them .
the history of western [structure] is of architects searching for rules , only to bend and break them .

As Cram wisely observed , “ Architecture is nothing unless it is intimately expressive , and if utterly different things clamor for voicing , different also must be their architectural manifestation . ”
as cram wisely observed , “ [structure] is nothing unless it is intimately expressive , and if utterly different things clamor for voicing , different also must be their architectural manifestation . ”

Since architecture is so intensely competitive , doing something unexpected , unusual , or just different is a way to be noticed , to rise above the crowd .
since [structure] is so intensely competitive , doing something unexpected , unusual , or just different is a way to be noticed , to rise above the crowd .

Inigo Jones consciously based his work on the architecture of Palladio , but he did not think of himself as working in the Palladian “ style , ” any more than Palladio would have referred to the Classical “ style. ” Although Renaissance architects described their architecture as all ’ antica—in the antique manner—they took it for granted that the history of architecture was a progression : the Romans improved on the Greeks , and they would improved on the Romans .
inigo jones consciously based his work on the [structure] of palladio , but he did not think of himself as working in the palladian “ style , ” any more than palladio would have referred to the classical “ style. ” although renaissance architects described their [structure] as all ’ antica—in the antique manner—they took it for granted that the history of [structure] was a progression : the romans improved on the greeks , and they would improved on the romans .

According to the architecture historian Peter Collins , the use of the word style to designate the architecture of a particular period or country is relatively late .
according to the [structure] historian peter collins , the use of the word style to designate the [structure] of a particular period or country is relatively late .

The seventeenth-century English musical composer Samuel Wesley put it neatly : “ Style is the dress of thought. ” Jacques-François Blondel , who was Louis XV ’ s architect and who founded the first full-time school of architecture in Europe in 1750 , adopted this literary meaning as a metaphor and described architectural style as a building ’ s character—for example , rustic , regal , or heroic .
the seventeenth-century english musical composer samuel wesley put it neatly : “ style is the dress of thought. ” jacques-françois blondel , who was louis xv ’ s architect and who founded the first full-time school of [structure] in europe in 1750 , adopted this literary meaning as a metaphor and described architectural style as a building ’ s character—for example , rustic , regal , or heroic .

Although architecture is often defined in terms of abstractions such as space , light , and volume , buildings are above all physical artifacts .
although [structure] is often defined in terms of abstractions such as space , light , and volume , buildings are above all physical artifacts .

The experience of architecture is palpable : the grain of wood , the veined surface of marble , the cold precision of steel , the textured pattern of brick .
the experience of [structure] is palpable : the grain of wood , the veined surface of marble , the cold precision of steel , the textured pattern of brick .

The screens of the railings of Peter Rose ’ s Canadian Center for Architecture in Montreal are industrial-looking perforated sheets of anodized aluminum , prominently bolted to the stanchions .
the screens of the railings of peter rose ’ s canadian center for [structure] in montreal are industrial-looking perforated sheets of anodized aluminum , prominently bolted to the stanchions .

The role of details is not to complement architecture ; details are architecture .
the role of details is not to complement [structure] ; details are [structure] .

He meant that details are the soul of architecture .
he meant that details are the soul of [structure] .

Whether one is looking up at the tall dome of the Pantheon , descending the spiraling vortex of Wright ’ s Guggenheim Museum , or standing in the living room of Venturi ’ s small house , the experience of architecture is above all the experience of being in a separate , distinct world .
whether one is looking up at the tall dome of the pantheon , descending the spiraling vortex of wright ’ s guggenheim museum , or standing in the living room of venturi ’ s small house , the experience of [structure] is above all the experience of being in a separate , distinct world .

That is what distinguishes architecture from sculpture—it is not an object but a place .
that is what distinguishes [structure] from sculpture—it is not an object but a place .

The sense of being in a special place that is a three-dimensional expression of the architect ’ s imagination is one of the distinctive pleasures of architecture .
the sense of being in a special place that is a three-dimensional expression of the architect ’ s imagination is one of the distinctive pleasures of [structure] .

Illusion has been a part of architecture ever since the ancient Greeks made columns with a gently swelling taper to deceive the eye .
illusion has been a part of [structure] ever since the ancient greeks made columns with a gently swelling taper to deceive the eye .

This is not to say that architecture is stage décor .
this is not to say that [structure] is stage décor .

Architecture surrounds and shelters us .
[structure] surrounds and shelters us .

Classical architecture provides the means to achieve this balance because it is the most comprehensive architectural language that human beings have yet developed. ” 11 Although Greenberg looks to the past , his is not the attitude of an archeologist .
classical [structure] provides the means to achieve this balance because it is the most comprehensive architectural language that human beings have yet developed. ” 11 although greenberg looks to the past , his is not the attitude of an archeologist .

The Palmedo House , built in 1988 , reinterprets the American Colonial architecture of its location—Long Island .
the palmedo house , built in 1988 , reinterprets the american colonial [structure] of its location—long island .

The chief idea here is to highlight the tension between old and new , between the traditional clapboarded architecture and the demands of modern life .
the chief idea here is to highlight the tension between old and new , between the traditional clapboarded [structure] and the demands of modern life .

Moreover , while their architecture is built with a great sense of style , it is never merely stylized .
moreover , while their [structure] is built with a great sense of style , it is never merely stylized .

An architecture that recognizes style—and fashion—would not be an architecture that is introspective and self-referential , as are so many contemporary buildings .
an [structure] that recognizes style—and fashion—would not be an [structure] that is introspective and self-referential , as are so many contemporary buildings .

It would be part of the world—not architecture for architects , but architecture for the rest of us .
it would be part of the world—not [structure] for architects , but [structure] for the rest of us .

His client , George W. Vanderbilt , was a young bachelor ( he married soon after the house was finished ) , and for him Hunt created an architecture that is robust , masculine , and immensely self-assured , not in the least like a fairytale .
his client , george w. vanderbilt , was a young bachelor ( he married soon after the house was finished ) , and for him hunt created an [structure] that is robust , masculine , and immensely self-assured , not in the least like a fairytale .

This is not sculptural architecture , it is walk-in sculpture .
this is not sculptural [structure] , it is walk-in sculpture .

An architecture critic once described Gehry as “ a smart man from Hollywood , ” which nicely captures the architect ’ s blend of exuberant showmanship and canny behind-the-scenes savvy .
an [structure] critic once described gehry as “ a smart man from hollywood , ” which nicely captures the architect ’ s blend of exuberant showmanship and canny behind-the-scenes savvy .

Gehry , like Hunt , has changed the course of architecture .
gehry , like hunt , has changed the course of [structure] .

His colliding forms and agitated architecture are curiously unthreatening .
his colliding forms and agitated [structure] are curiously unthreatening .

Contemporary adobe architecture , as found in what is called the Southwest style , is a fusion of native New Mexican Indian and Spanish forms .
contemporary adobe [structure] , as found in what is called the southwest style , is a fusion of native new mexican indian and spanish forms .

It heralded the first great phase of development in science and architecture ; hieroglyphs were developed and the first great building phase took place .
it heralded the first great phase of development in science and [structure] ; hieroglyphs were developed and the first great building phase took place .

Barcelona and Granada possess greater architecture , and many Spanish cities have finer natural attributes .
barcelona and granada possess greater [structure] , and many spanish cities have finer natural attributes .

Madrid ’ s diverse architecture , while not the equal of a Paris or London , traces the city ’ s stages of expansion and prevailing styles of the different eras .
madrid ’ s diverse [structure] , while not the equal of a paris or london , traces the city ’ s stages of expansion and prevailing styles of the different eras .

For Japan is truly a kaleidoscope of lifestyles and images , local cultures and beliefs : the rice farmers in rural heartlands and the subway millions of teeming Tokyo ; the Zen Buddhist monks and the fad-obsessed teenaged fashion victims ; the solemn temple ceremony or the hellish din of the pachinko parlor ; exquisite temple architecture or all-pervasive soulless concrete apartment buildings .
for japan is truly a kaleidoscope of lifestyles and images , local cultures and beliefs : the rice farmers in rural heartlands and the subway millions of teeming tokyo ; the zen buddhist monks and the fad-obsessed teenaged fashion victims ; the solemn temple ceremony or the hellish din of the pachinko parlor ; exquisite temple [structure] or all-pervasive soulless concrete apartment buildings .

Casa de Cisneros , on the south side of the square , was built in the mid-16th century by a nephew of the intrepid inquisitor and warrior , Cardinal Cisneros , and is a fine example of the ornate and delicate style of Spanish early Renaissance architecture known as Plateresque .
casa de cisneros , on the south side of the square , was built in the mid-16th century by a nephew of the intrepid inquisitor and warrior , cardinal cisneros , and is a fine example of the ornate and delicate style of spanish early renaissance [structure] known as plateresque .

A survey of the history of Spain — its tradition , grandeur , art , architecture and mix of cultures — is crammed into this small city on a Castilian hilltop .
a survey of the history of spain — its tradition , grandeur , art , [structure] and mix of cultures — is crammed into this small city on a castilian hilltop .

The arcaded façade of the church , in a style reminiscent of Italian fascist architecture , is big enough to fill one side of the esplanade .
the arcaded façade of the church , in a style reminiscent of italian fascist [structure] , is big enough to fill one side of the esplanade .

Art galleries , jewelers , and fashionable eateries can be found on every corner ; but early in the morning , you ’ ll have the streets to yourself , so enjoy every detail of the pretty Cycladic architecture .
art galleries , jewelers , and fashionable eateries can be found on every corner ; but early in the morning , you ’ ll have the streets to yourself , so enjoy every detail of the pretty cycladic [structure] .

The architecture is typical of the Cyclades , and the buildings ’ multicolored façades make it one of the most photographed villages in the world .
the [structure] is typical of the cyclades , and the buildings ’ multicolored façades make it one of the most photographed villages in the world .

It is no accident that the French are best known for their food and wine , their clothes and perfumes , their dashing art and monumental architecture .
it is no accident that the french are best known for their food and wine , their clothes and perfumes , their dashing art and monumental [structure] .

The building , constructed in 1872 , is a fine example of Victorian colonial architecture .
the building , constructed in 1872 , is a fine example of victorian colonial [structure] .

There is still some fine Georgian architecture here , but most visitors come to see the Great Morass Mangrove Swamp .
there is still some fine georgian [structure] here , but most visitors come to see the great morass mangrove swamp .

It is more interesting for its architecture than for its shopping ; it ’ s situated in a four-story Edwardian building built in 1906 .
it is more interesting for its [structure] than for its shopping ; it ’ s situated in a four-story edwardian building built in 1906 .

Hong Kong ’ s major venue for the performing arts , the building has been criticized for its fortress-like architecture and windowless façade .
hong kong ’ s major venue for the performing arts , the building has been criticized for its fortress-like [structure] and windowless façade .

Macau ’ s historic center , with its colonial architecture , has a distinctly Medit­er­ranean flavor .
macau ’ s historic center , with its colonial [structure] , has a distinctly medit­er­ranean flavor .

For an authentic feel of old Portugal , slip into the cool entrance hall of theimpressive Leal Senado ( “ Loyal Senate ” building ) , a fine example of colonial architecture .
for an authentic feel of old portugal , slip into the cool entrance hall of theimpressive leal senado ( “ loyal senate ” building ) , a fine example of colonial [structure] .

There is a selection of English books , including many titles devoted to Turkish history , art , and architecture .
there is a selection of english books , including many titles devoted to turkish history , art , and [structure] .

It is the earliest surviving example of classical Ottoman architecture , inspired by Haghia Sophia ( see page 29 ) .
it is the earliest surviving example of classical ottoman [structure] , inspired by haghia sophia ( see page 29 ) .

Although the capital was moved to Edirne in 1362 , and then to Istanbul , Bursa remained an important town , with a rich legacy of religious architecture — the foun­der of the Ottoman dynasty and five of his successors are buried here .
although the capital was moved to edirne in 1362 , and then to istanbul , bursa remained an important town , with a rich legacy of religious [structure] — the foun­der of the ottoman dynasty and five of his successors are buried here .

The temples of Mahabalipuram were a high point in southern architecture , and it was the Pallavan artists who influenced — and may have helped to build — the temples at Angkor Wat in Cambodia and Borobudur in Java .
the temples of mahabalipuram were a high point in southern [structure] , and it was the pallavan artists who influenced — and may have helped to build — the temples at angkor wat in cambodia and borobudur in java .

Painting and architecture were infused with life , roads were paved , and , in the 14th century , Delhi was pronounced by the Arab traveller Ibn Batuta to be the most magnificent city in the whole Muslim world .
painting and [structure] were infused with life , roads were paved , and , in the 14th century , delhi was pronounced by the arab traveller ibn batuta to be the most magnificent city in the whole muslim world .

In the arts , architecture was often of the work of engineers , and huge sculptures were ordered from Victorian Britain rather than from local artists .
in the arts , [structure] was often of the work of engineers , and huge sculptures were ordered from victorian britain rather than from local artists .

In addition , the city ’ s rich history and architecture have made it one of the most popular tourist destinations in the United Kingdom .
in addition , the city ’ s rich history and [structure] have made it one of the most popular tourist destinations in the united kingdom .

It was the pre-eminent city of the early Muslim era and the historic legacy of that time is a district of medieval Islamic architecture unrivaled anywhere in the world .
it was the pre-eminent city of the early muslim era and the historic legacy of that time is a district of medieval islamic [structure] unrivaled anywhere in the world .

You ’ ll find that the Old City ’ s myriad colours , sounds , smells , and tastes stir the senses ; the Temple Mount ’ s architecture can take your breath away ; pilgrims tracing Christ ’ s journey to Calvary along the Via Dolorosa remain a deeply moving sight ; and the views from the Mount of Olives are stunning .
you ’ ll find that the old city ’ s myriad colours , sounds , smells , and tastes stir the senses ; the temple mount ’ s [structure] can take your breath away ; pilgrims tracing christ ’ s journey to calvary along the via dolorosa remain a deeply moving sight ; and the views from the mount of olives are stunning .

Today the streets of the New Town have perhaps the greatest collection of Georgian architecture in the world .
today the streets of the new town have perhaps the greatest collection of georgian [structure] in the world .

This is Calton Hill , built around 100 m ( 328 ft ) of hard volcanic rock , and its monuments and architecture are said to have been responsible for Edinburgh ’ s epithet “ Athens of the North .
this is calton hill , built around 100 m ( 328 ft ) of hard volcanic rock , and its monuments and [structure] are said to have been responsible for edinburgh ’ s epithet “ athens of the north .

Whole cities have been created in the New Territories , although the unimaginative architecture of these towns has been criticized .
whole cities have been created in the new territories , although the unimaginative [structure] of these towns has been criticized .

The business and financial center and the signature soaring architecture are on Hong Kong Island .
the business and financial center and the signature soaring [structure] are on hong kong island .

Nurtured within the geographical separations of the Alps , the Po valley , and the coasts on either side of the Apennines , it was this very diversity that created the richness of Italian art and its competing regional schools of painting and architecture .
nurtured within the geographical separations of the alps , the po valley , and the coasts on either side of the apennines , it was this very diversity that created the richness of italian art and its competing regional schools of painting and [structure] .

Re-entering the Old City through the Lion ’ s gate , and entering the church ’ s gardens through a doorway on the right side of the road , you come to the purest example of Crusader architecture in Jerusalem : the Church of St. Anne .
re-entering the old city through the lion ’ s gate , and entering the church ’ s gardens through a doorway on the right side of the road , you come to the purest example of crusader [structure] in jerusalem : the church of st. anne .

Amid the modern and often daring architecture of this area is the fortress-like Monastery of the Cross , which is over a thousand years old .
amid the modern and often daring [structure] of this area is the fortress-like monastery of the cross , which is over a thousand years old .

Much of the best Islamic architecture in the city was constructed in the Mameluke era , but the past thousand years had taken their toll : Jerusalem was unable to regain the prosperity it had enjoyed in earlier times .
much of the best islamic [structure] in the city was constructed in the mameluke era , but the past thousand years had taken their toll : jerusalem was unable to regain the prosperity it had enjoyed in earlier times .

Islamic Cairo Though Cairo has many modern and nondescript suburbs , the oldest districts of Al-Qahira are well-preserved and exhibit some of the finest period architecture in the Islamic world .
islamic cairo though cairo has many modern and nondescript suburbs , the oldest districts of al-qahira are well-preserved and exhibit some of the finest period [structure] in the islamic world .

Exquisite stone carving , wood turning , copper/brasswork , and ceramic tiling are the main features of Islamic architecture and the period buildings , mosques ( Islamic places of worship ) , madrasas ( Islamic religious schools ) , khans and bayts ( private homes ) are very impressive .
exquisite stone carving , wood turning , copper/brasswork , and ceramic tiling are the main features of islamic [structure] and the period buildings , mosques ( islamic places of worship ) , madrasas ( islamic religious schools ) , khans and bayts ( private homes ) are very impressive .

The house has been fully restored and offers an excellent example of fine Cairene architecture .
the house has been fully restored and offers an excellent example of fine cairene [structure] .

A new opulent architecture blossomed with the châteaux of the Loire and around Paris .
a new opulent [structure] blossomed with the châteaux of the loire and around paris .

Unlike the great capital cities of Europe , there is no prevailing style of architecture here , no “ monumental ” core for a new building to harmonize or clash with .
unlike the great capital cities of europe , there is no prevailing style of [structure] here , no “ monumental ” core for a new building to harmonize or clash with .

What you can see are the lovely grounds of the East Garden , the moat and massive stone ramparts , and those few examples of classic Japanese architecture — gates , bridges , armories , and watchtowers — that have survived since the 17th century .
what you can see are the lovely grounds of the east garden , the moat and massive stone ramparts , and those few examples of classic japanese [structure] — gates , bridges , armories , and watchtowers — that have survived since the 17th century .

Designed to invoke the castle architecture of the Tokugawa period , the theater was destroyed in an air raid in World War II and rebuilt in 1951 .
designed to invoke the castle [structure] of the tokugawa period , the theater was destroyed in an air raid in world war ii and rebuilt in 1951 .

This is the ultimate expression of the opulent Momoyama style inspired by Chinese Ming sculpture and architecture .
this is the ultimate expression of the opulent momoyama style inspired by chinese ming sculpture and [structure] .

Lake Chuzenji The waterfalls and forested hills of the Nikko National Park area are a welcome respite to the monumentality of Tokugawa architecture .
lake chuzenji the waterfalls and forested hills of the nikko national park area are a welcome respite to the monumentality of tokugawa [structure] .

Kyoto ’ s Imperial Residences The Imperial Palace ( Kyoto Gosho ) and the Katsura and Shugakuin imperial villas are mandatory destinations for anyone with even a shred of interest in Japanese architecture , design , and aesthetics .
kyoto ’ s imperial residences the imperial palace ( kyoto gosho ) and the katsura and shugakuin imperial villas are mandatory destinations for anyone with even a shred of interest in japanese [structure] , design , and aesthetics .

There is much more to see in nearby Nishi-Honganji , an outstanding example of Japanese Buddhist monumental architecture , combining a bold , dramatic silhouette with rich ornamentation .
there is much more to see in nearby nishi-honganji , an outstanding example of japanese buddhist monumental [structure] , combining a bold , dramatic silhouette with rich ornamentation .

A ten-minute walk to the north is Toshodaiji , which boasts rare examples of ancient architecture and sculpture .
a ten-minute walk to the north is toshodaiji , which boasts rare examples of ancient [structure] and sculpture .

Less spectacular than its expensively restored neighbor to the south , Toshodaiji nevertheless is the largest remaining example of Nara period architecture .
less spectacular than its expensively restored neighbor to the south , toshodaiji nevertheless is the largest remaining example of nara period [structure] .

The style of the cross-beamed roofs and simple wooden frames is the same as that used more than 2,000 years ago , before Chinese architecture exerted its influence when Buddhism arrived here from Korea .
the style of the cross-beamed roofs and simple wooden frames is the same as that used more than 2,000 years ago , before chinese [structure] exerted its influence when buddhism arrived here from korea .

This is a special style of Shinto architecture that is prohibited from being used at other shrines .
this is a special style of shinto [structure] that is prohibited from being used at other shrines .

In a picturesque setting with palm trees in the courtyard , the temple ’ s architecture and sculpture are typical of southern China .
in a picturesque setting with palm trees in the courtyard , the temple ’ s [structure] and sculpture are typical of southern china .

Sofukuji temple ( 1629 ) is a handsome example of late Ming Dynasty architecture , with its striking vermilion-painted , stone-arched tower gate .
sofukuji temple ( 1629 ) is a handsome example of late ming dynasty [structure] , with its striking vermilion-painted , stone-arched tower gate .

Northwest of the monument , the 15th-century Palazzo Venezia is a fine example of severe but elegant early Renaissance architecture , now containing a museum of medieval and Renaissance arms , furniture , and sculpture .
northwest of the monument , the 15th-century palazzo venezia is a fine example of severe but elegant early renaissance [structure] , now containing a museum of medieval and renaissance arms , furniture , and sculpture .

This said , Florence remains one of the world ’ s great tourist meccas and boasts a panoply of architecture , history , and artwork in quantities not to be found elsewhere in the world .
this said , florence remains one of the world ’ s great tourist meccas and boasts a panoply of [structure] , history , and artwork in quantities not to be found elsewhere in the world .

Characteristic of the city ’ s civic consciousness , they portray the Life of Man from Adam ’ s creation to the rise of civilization through the arts and sciences — music , architecture , metallurgy , and the like — pursued so earnestly by the Florentine guilds that commissioned the work .
characteristic of the city ’ s civic consciousness , they portray the life of man from adam ’ s creation to the rise of civilization through the arts and sciences — music , [structure] , metallurgy , and the like — pursued so earnestly by the florentine guilds that commissioned the work .

Among the losing candidates was Filippo Brunelleschi , who thereafter devoted himself entirely to architecture .
among the losing candidates was filippo brunelleschi , who thereafter devoted himself entirely to [structure] .

Michelangelo ’ s tomb ( right aisle , second bay ) was designed by Vasari , with symbolic statues of Painting , Sculpture , and Architecture mourning beneath a bust of the Florentine-born artist who died at 89 .
michelangelo ’ s tomb ( right aisle , second bay ) was designed by vasari , with symbolic statues of painting , sculpture , and [structure] mourning beneath a bust of the florentine-born artist who died at 89 .

North of Santa Maria Novella , spare a glance at the simple , clean-lined architecture of the Stazione Centrale ( main railway station ) , built in 1935 during Mussolini ’ s heyday but somehow defying the prevailing monumental bombast of the Fascist regime that you can see in the monstrosity of Milan ’ s central station .
north of santa maria novella , spare a glance at the simple , clean-lined [structure] of the stazione centrale ( main railway station ) , built in 1935 during mussolini ’ s heyday but somehow defying the prevailing monumental bombast of the fascist regime that you can see in the monstrosity of milan ’ s central station .

Northwest of the cathedral , you ’ ll find an even more beautiful adaptation of the Pisan Romanesque style of architecture in the town ’ s other beloved church , San Michele in Foro , less encumbered on its site of the ancient Roman Forum .
northwest of the cathedral , you ’ ll find an even more beautiful adaptation of the pisan romanesque style of [structure] in the town ’ s other beloved church , san michele in foro , less encumbered on its site of the ancient roman forum .

The exterior ’ s majestic black- and white-striped marble banding surrounding Giovanni Pisano ’ s three intricately carved portals presents that quintessential Italian preference for pictorial qualities over mere architecture .
the exterior ’ s majestic black- and white-striped marble banding surrounding giovanni pisano ’ s three intricately carved portals presents that quintessential italian preference for pictorial qualities over mere [structure] .

Antonio da Sangallo the Elder , architect of many of the town ’ s palazzi , built his masterpiece , the 16th-century church of San Biagio , southwest of town , a gem of High Renaissance architecture hidden at the end of a cypress-lined road with views of the Chiana valley .
antonio da sangallo the elder , architect of many of the town ’ s palazzi , built his masterpiece , the 16th-century church of san biagio , southwest of town , a gem of high renaissance [structure] hidden at the end of a cypress-lined road with views of the chiana valley .

The 16th-century church is a rare ecclesiastical building by Andrea Palladio , the master Renaissance architect from nearby Vicenza whose classic designs have so dominated aristocratic residential architecture throughout Europe and North America .
the 16th-century church is a rare ecclesiastical building by andrea palladio , the master renaissance architect from nearby vicenza whose classic designs have so dominated aristocratic residential [structure] throughout europe and north america .

Returning to the Grand Canal : You ’ ll find in the glorious Ca ’ d ’ Oro the quintessential decorative tradition of Venetian architecture , arguably more successful in its compact form here than in the beautiful but sprawling Doges ’ Palace .
returning to the grand canal : you ’ ll find in the glorious ca ’ d ’ oro the quintessential decorative tradition of venetian [structure] , arguably more successful in its compact form here than in the beautiful but sprawling doges ’ palace .

Vicenza This is the home town of Andrea Palladio ( 1508–1580 ) , the most important architect of the High Renaissance , a must-see destination for architecture lovers or those interested in history and design .
vicenza this is the home town of andrea palladio ( 1508–1580 ) , the most important architect of the high renaissance , a must-see destination for [structure] lovers or those interested in history and design .

With superb bronze doors and an imposing free-standing brick cam­panile , it is a rare jewel of Italian Romanesque architecture .
with superb bronze doors and an imposing free-standing brick cam­panile , it is a rare jewel of italian romanesque [structure] .

Even without Leonardo da Vinci ’ s masterpiece in the adjoining refectory , the church of Santa Maria delle Grazie ( Via Caradosso , southwest of the Castello ) would be worth a visit as a jewel of Renaissance architecture .
even without leonardo da vinci ’ s masterpiece in the adjoining refectory , the church of santa maria delle grazie ( via caradosso , southwest of the castello ) would be worth a visit as a jewel of renaissance [structure] .

This may account for a cool reserve , almost aloofness , that some read even into the architecture of the tall houses in the straight and narrow streets behind the port .
this may account for a cool reserve , almost aloofness , that some read even into the [structure] of the tall houses in the straight and narrow streets behind the port .

Although the interior is temporarily closed to the public , tour buses line up for the jewel of the palace ( and Palermo ) , one of Norman architecture ’ s greatest achievements in Italy , the 12th-century Palatine Chapel ( Cappella Palatina ) .
although the interior is temporarily closed to the public , tour buses line up for the jewel of the palace ( and palermo ) , one of norman [structure] ’ s greatest achievements in italy , the 12th-century palatine chapel ( cappella palatina ) .

The Mame­lukes ruled Palestine for two hundred years , leaving behind some very fine architecture .
the mame­lukes ruled palestine for two hundred years , leaving behind some very fine [structure] .

You ’ ll readily forgive the bombast of some of the monumental architecture when you see what makes this the City of Light .
you ’ ll readily forgive the bombast of some of the monumental [structure] when you see what makes this the city of light .

Window-shop your way past the goldsmiths and furriers of the Rue de la Paix to the Opéra Garnier , a massive neo-Baroque building designed by Charles Garnier , a then-unknown architect who wanted to create a new “ Napoleon III ” style of architecture .
window-shop your way past the goldsmiths and furriers of the rue de la paix to the opéra garnier , a massive neo-baroque building designed by charles garnier , a then-unknown architect who wanted to create a new “ napoleon iii ” style of [structure] .

The baron was also seriously thinking of replacing the triangular Place Dauphine ’ s gracious gabled and arcaded red-brick architecture with neo-Grecian colonnades — but fortunately was forced out of office before the wreckers could move in .
the baron was also seriously thinking of replacing the triangular place dauphine ’ s gracious gabled and arcaded red-brick [structure] with neo-grecian colonnades — but fortunately was forced out of office before the wreckers could move in .

The main part of Notre-Dame took 167 years to complete and , in its transition from Romanesque to Gothic , it has been called a perfect expression of medieval architecture with its majestic towers , spire , and breath­taking flying buttresses .
the main part of notre-dame took 167 years to complete and , in its transition from romanesque to gothic , it has been called a perfect expression of medieval [structure] with its majestic towers , spire , and breath­taking flying buttresses .

Incorporated in its structure are fragments of medieval and Renaissance architecture and sculpture .
incorporated in its structure are fragments of medieval and renaissance [structure] and sculpture .

This exciting museum embraces France ’ s tremendous creativity from 1848 to 1914 in the domains of painting , sculpture , architecture and industrial design , advertising , newspapers , book publishing , photography , and the early years of cinema .
this exciting museum embraces france ’ s tremendous creativity from 1848 to 1914 in the domains of painting , sculpture , [structure] and industrial design , advertising , newspapers , book publishing , photography , and the early years of cinema .

Never did a piece of architecture more exactly express the personality of its builder than the Château de Versailles — extravagant , pompous , dazzling , formidable , glorious , and vain .
never did a piece of [structure] more exactly express the personality of its builder than the château de versailles — extravagant , pompous , dazzling , formidable , glorious , and vain .

The Place du Général de Gaulle ( also known as the Grand ’ Place ) is in the heart of Vieux Lille , a district of cobbled streets , shops , restaurants , cafés , and an assortment of architecture ranging from the beautiful 17th-century Vieille Bourse ( Old Exchange ) to the 20th-century Nouvelle Bourse and Opéra .
the place du général de gaulle ( also known as the grand ’ place ) is in the heart of vieux lille , a district of cobbled streets , shops , restaurants , cafés , and an assortment of [structure] ranging from the beautiful 17th-century vieille bourse ( old exchange ) to the 20th-century nouvelle bourse and opéra .

Amiens The majestic Cathédrale Notre-Dame is a masterpiece of French Gothic architecture .
amiens the majestic cathédrale notre-dame is a masterpiece of french gothic [structure] .

Its golden 18th-century architecture makes it a rewarding stopover on any journey between Paris and Alsace .
its golden 18th-century [structure] makes it a rewarding stopover on any journey between paris and alsace .

Changes of nationality have left Alsace with a distinctive dialect , architecture , cuisine , and local pride — the best of both worlds .
changes of nationality have left alsace with a distinctive dialect , [structure] , cuisine , and local pride — the best of both worlds .

Burgundy The prosperous Burgundy region boasts a great variety of attractions : fine wines and food ; lazy days on the Canal de Bourgogne , drifting past green meadows ; Romanesque architecture ; tiny villages with exquisite parish churches and open-air stone laundries ( lavoirs ) ; the grand ducal palace of Dijon , and Dijon ’ s museums .
burgundy the prosperous burgundy region boasts a great variety of attractions : fine wines and food ; lazy days on the canal de bourgogne , drifting past green meadows ; romanesque [structure] ; tiny villages with exquisite parish churches and open-air stone laundries ( lavoirs ) ; the grand ducal palace of dijon , and dijon ’ s museums .

Vézelay ’ s Basilique Sainte-Madeleine , repository of relics of Mary Magdalene , is a magnificent example of French Romanesque architecture , in spite of the damage inflicted by natural disaste rs , wars , and revolution .
vézelay ’ s basilique sainte-madeleine , repository of relics of mary magdalene , is a magnificent example of french romanesque [structure] , in spite of the damage inflicted by natural disaste rs , wars , and revolution .

Dijon Dijon is the capital of Burgundy and a center of art and architecture , of culture and learning .
dijon dijon is the capital of burgundy and a center of art and [structure] , of culture and learning .

Its coastline , inland waterways , forests , architecture , wine , and food present the good life in abundant variety .
its coastline , inland waterways , forests , [structure] , wine , and food present the good life in abundant variety .

Its timber-framed houses of the 15th , 16th , and 17th centuries are marvelous examples of sturdy Norman architecture , achieving a pleasing irregularity in the way the plaster is set in oblique forms between the solid oak posts and collar beams supporting the balconies .
its timber-framed houses of the 15th , 16th , and 17th centuries are marvelous examples of sturdy norman [structure] , achieving a pleasing irregularity in the way the plaster is set in oblique forms between the solid oak posts and collar beams supporting the balconies .

The cathedral was constructed over several centuries and the façade offers a remarkably harmonious anthology of Gothic architecture .
the cathedral was constructed over several centuries and the façade offers a remarkably harmonious anthology of gothic [structure] .

The last great monument of the old town , in the Rue aux Juifs , is the grand Palais de Justice , a jewel of Renaissance and Flamboyant Goth­ic architecture built on the site of the medieval ghetto .
the last great monument of the old town , in the rue aux juifs , is the grand palais de justice , a jewel of renaissance and flamboyant goth­ic [structure] built on the site of the medieval ghetto .

With the cloister , the monks ’ ethereally lit refectory , the grand Knights ’ Hall , and the elegant Guests ’ Hall together make up the masterpiece of 13th-century Gothic architecture that earned the abbey its name of la Merveille .
with the cloister , the monks ’ ethereally lit refectory , the grand knights ’ hall , and the elegant guests ’ hall together make up the masterpiece of 13th-century gothic [structure] that earned the abbey its name of la merveille .

The Collegiate Church of Saint-Ours is an interesting piece of Roman­esque architecture : it has two steeples at either end of the nave , which is surmounted by two octagonal pyramids in place of a roof .
the collegiate church of saint-ours is an interesting piece of roman­esque [structure] : it has two steeples at either end of the nave , which is surmounted by two octagonal pyramids in place of a roof .

The most remarkable landmark on this waterfront is a masterpiece of Belle Epoque wedding-cake architecture , the pink-domed Hôtel Negresco .
the most remarkable landmark on this waterfront is a masterpiece of belle epoque wedding-cake [structure] , the pink-domed hôtel negresco .

The vieille ville , whose architecture shows the town ’ s long relationship with Italy , is now the home of many art galleries and boutiques .
the vieille ville , whose [structure] shows the town ’ s long relationship with italy , is now the home of many art galleries and boutiques .

The Palais Jacques-Cœur , a rare example of Gothic secular architecture , was the luxurious residence of a wealthy merchant , treasurer to Charles VII .
the palais jacques-cœur , a rare example of gothic secular [structure] , was the luxurious residence of a wealthy merchant , treasurer to charles vii .

Trucks on the route nationale used to roar through the narrow main street , but since construction of the autoroute , Uzerche has become a peaceful place to walk and admire the 16th- , 17th- , and 18th-century architecture .
trucks on the route nationale used to roar through the narrow main street , but since construction of the autoroute , uzerche has become a peaceful place to walk and admire the 16th- , 17th- , and 18th-century [structure] .

Children who are suffering from an overload of art and architecture will enjoy the caves with their stalactites and stalagmites , as well as the exhibits and zoo at Le Thot .
children who are suffering from an overload of art and [structure] will enjoy the caves with their stalactites and stalagmites , as well as the exhibits and zoo at le thot .

Sarlat , capital of the Périgord Noir , is a lovely old town with a fine mix of architecture , bustling in high season but quiet in spring and autumn .
sarlat , capital of the périgord noir , is a lovely old town with a fine mix of [structure] , bustling in high season but quiet in spring and autumn .

The show , which begins each evening at 9:00 p.m. , relates in melodramatic fashion the history of Istanbul while coloured floodlights illuminate the spectacular architecture of the Blue Mosque .
the show , which begins each evening at 9:00 p.m. , relates in melodramatic fashion the history of istanbul while coloured floodlights illuminate the spectacular [structure] of the blue mosque .

These places are worth a visit for their interior marble architecture alone , but the opportunity to experience a genuine Turkish bath should not be missed .
these places are worth a visit for their interior marble [structure] alone , but the opportunity to experience a genuine turkish bath should not be missed .

All villas feature traditional 19th-century Jamaican architecture for an authentic Old World atmosphere .
all villas feature traditional 19th-century jamaican [structure] for an authentic old world atmosphere .

Caribbean and international cuisine set amid tropical folia ge and Jamaican architecture .
caribbean and international cuisine set amid tropical folia ge and jamaican [structure] .

The latter is a fine example of the exuberant style of Manueline architecture .
the latter is a fine example of the exuberant style of manueline [structure] .

Ashkenazi Israelis include early-20th-century idealists from eastern Europe who founded Israel ’ s famous kibbutz movement , along with families who escaped from Berlin and Frankfurt in the 1930s and built fashionable Jerusalem neighborhoods such as Rehavia , lined with stone buildings influenced by the Bauhaus and International schools of architecture .
ashkenazi israelis include early-20th-century idealists from eastern europe who founded israel ’ s famous kibbutz movement , along with families who escaped from berlin and frankfurt in the 1930s and built fashionable jerusalem neighborhoods such as rehavia , lined with stone buildings influenced by the bauhaus and international schools of [structure] .

Lahaina , once the chief whaling port of the Pacific , teems with period architecture and trendy shops ( see page 46 ) .
lahaina , once the chief whaling port of the pacific , teems with period [structure] and trendy shops ( see page 46 ) .

Solid gold workmanship and other metal ornaments and tools showed a Greek influence , but the Etruscans ’ vaulted architecture , town planning , and irrigation systems were indigenous .
solid gold workmanship and other metal ornaments and tools showed a greek influence , but the etruscans ’ vaulted [structure] , town planning , and irrigation systems were indigenous .

In architecture , the Romans made a quantum leap forward from the Greek structures of columns and beams by developing the arch , vault , and dome , well suited to the needs of the empire .
in [structure] , the romans made a quantum leap forward from the greek structures of columns and beams by developing the arch , vault , and dome , well suited to the needs of the empire .

The architecture of the church built in his name at Assisi contradicted Francis ’ s humble testament denouncing “ temples of great dimension and rich ornament .
the [structure] of the church built in his name at assisi contradicted francis ’ s humble testament denouncing “ temples of great dimension and rich ornament .

Leonardo da Vinci eagerly applied the new method to architecture , civil and military engineering , urban planning , geography , and map-making .
leonardo da vinci eagerly applied the new method to [structure] , civil and military engineering , urban planning , geography , and map-making .

Italian fascism remained more of a style than a coherent ideology , typified by the raised-arm salute replacing the “ weakling ” handshake , bombastic architecture , and Mussolini ’ s arrogant harangues from the Palazzo Venezia ’ s “ heroic balcony ” in Rome .
italian fascism remained more of a style than a coherent ideology , typified by the raised-arm salute replacing the “ weakling ” handshake , bombastic [structure] , and mussolini ’ s arrogant harangues from the palazzo venezia ’ s “ heroic balcony ” in rome .

Unless you ’ re a lover of this type of architecture , the highlight will probably be the many colourful , inventive murals donated by different countries , depicting the Virgin and Child , often quite unashamedly in their own national image .
unless you ’ re a lover of this type of [structure] , the highlight will probably be the many colourful , inventive murals donated by different countries , depicting the virgin and child , often quite unashamedly in their own national image .

Perfectly preserved in a secret valley and not rediscovered until the early 19th century , the city of Petra is an enchanting place of magic , expressed through its setting and the swirling pink patterns of its rocks as much as through its dramatic architecture .
perfectly preserved in a secret valley and not rediscovered until the early 19th century , the city of petra is an enchanting place of magic , expressed through its setting and the swirling pink patterns of its rocks as much as through its dramatic [structure] .

Intermarriage with the local Chinese created a community of Macanese , whose culture can still be seen in Macau ’ s architecture and cuisine .
intermarriage with the local chinese created a community of macanese , whose culture can still be seen in macau ’ s [structure] and cuisine .

Islamic architecture shows in the five characteristic peaked arches of the prayer-hall screen , but even here the decoration , which includes the Arabic lettering , is naturalistic and Hindu in style .
islamic [structure] shows in the five characteristic peaked arches of the prayer-hall screen , but even here the decoration , which includes the arabic lettering , is naturalistic and hindu in style .

With a majestic dome uniting the four octagonal kiosks over the terrace ’ s latticed arches , this is the first fully-realized masterpiece of Mughal architecture .
with a majestic dome uniting the four octagonal kiosks over the terrace ’ s latticed arches , this is the first fully-realized masterpiece of mughal [structure] .

British Neo-Classic architecture here is mixed with elements of Buddhist , Hindu , and Mughal past , and the geometry of its plan exudes the self-confidence of the Empire .
british neo-classic [structure] here is mixed with elements of buddhist , hindu , and mughal past , and the geometry of its plan exudes the self-confidence of the empire .

Sikh architecture may also be appreciated at the nearby Durgiana Temple .
sikh [structure] may also be appreciated at the nearby durgiana temple .

The Raj District Northwest from the Taj , in the area around the Maidan that was the heart of British Bombay , connoisseurs appreciate the architecture that fans call “ eclectic ” and foes “ mongrel .
the raj district northwest from the taj , in the area around the maidan that was the heart of british bombay , connoisseurs appreciate the [structure] that fans call “ eclectic ” and foes “ mongrel .

The Marble Palace , a bizarre tribute to Western art and architecture , can be found on tiny Muktaram Babu Street northeast of Dalhousie Square .
the marble palace , a bizarre tribute to western art and [structure] , can be found on tiny muktaram babu street northeast of dalhousie square .

Three or four are masterpieces of Hindu architecture .
three or four are masterpieces of hindu [structure] .

Somnathpur The Kesava Temple , built in 1268 , is a tiny , shining jewel in the crown of Indian architecture .
somnathpur the kesava temple , built in 1268 , is a tiny , shining jewel in the crown of indian [structure] .

Enter on the south side and proceed through an ornamented gopuram gate-tower characteristic of south Indian architecture .
enter on the south side and proceed through an ornamented gopuram gate-tower characteristic of south indian [structure] .

Its artful sculpture and architecture can be seen to this day in the temples of Cambodia , Thailand , and Java .
its artful sculpture and [structure] can be seen to this day in the temples of cambodia , thailand , and java .

More than the divinity of Shiva , the 11th-century Temple of Brihadisvara boasts architecture celebrating the victory of the great Chola kingdom over the Pallavas of Kanchipuram and the Cheras of Kerala .
more than the divinity of shiva , the 11th-century temple of brihadisvara boasts [structure] celebrating the victory of the great chola kingdom over the pallavas of kanchipuram and the cheras of kerala .

The State Museum situated on Pantheon Road possesses excellent Buddhist bronzes and a detailed collection of Dravidian sculpture and architecture .
the state museum situated on pantheon road possesses excellent buddhist bronzes and a detailed collection of dravidian sculpture and [structure] .

The Can Bordils on carrer Almudaina retains its Gothic architecture ; Can Oms , at number 7 , is an 18th-century noble house with one of Palma ’ s finest patios .
the can bordils on carrer almudaina retains its gothic [structure] ; can oms , at number 7 , is an 18th-century noble house with one of palma ’ s finest patios .

On the west side of the Plaça Major is Plaça de Marqués Palmer ; sandwiched among chic leather and footwear shops are two excellent examples of modernista ( Catalan Art Nouveau ) architecture : Can Forteza Rei and L ’ Àguila , whose iron grill work and broken-tile flourishes are similar to better-known modernista buildings found in Barcelona .
on the west side of the plaça major is plaça de marqués palmer ; sandwiched among chic leather and footwear shops are two excellent examples of modernista ( catalan art nouveau ) [structure] : can forteza rei and l ’ àguila , whose iron grill work and broken-tile flourishes are similar to better-known modernista buildings found in barcelona .

A magnificent example of Gothic military architecture , the castle has commanded the sea and land approaches to the city since its construction in the early 14th century by order of King Jaume II .
a magnificent example of gothic military [structure] , the castle has commanded the sea and land approaches to the city since its construction in the early 14th century by order of king jaume ii .

Buddhist monks initiated great progress in Japanese architecture , bronze-casting , bridge-building , and sculpture .
buddhist monks initiated great progress in japanese [structure] , bronze-casting , bridge-building , and sculpture .

To this day , historians of Chinese art find the best surviving examples of Tang-dynasty architecture among the seventh- and eighth-century temples in and around Nara .
to this day , historians of chinese art find the best surviving examples of tang-dynasty [structure] among the seventh- and eighth-century temples in and around nara .

Mann ’ s Chinese Theater ( 6925 Hollywood Boulevard ) , which you can ’ t miss due to its flashy Chinese temple-style architecture and the swarms of tourists out front , is one of the other worthwhile stops on Hollywood Boulevard .
mann ’ s chinese theater ( 6925 hollywood boulevard ) , which you can ’ t miss due to its flashy chinese temple-style [structure] and the swarms of tourists out front , is one of the other worthwhile stops on hollywood boulevard .

The impressive architecture , sculpture gardens ( one of which was designed by southern California artist Robert Irwin ) , and panoramic views of city , mountains , and ocean are awesome attractions in themselves .
the impressive [structure] , sculpture gardens ( one of which was designed by southern california artist robert irwin ) , and panoramic views of city , mountains , and ocean are awesome attractions in themselves .

Of Pasadena ’ s highly reputed architecture , no building is more famous than the Gamble House ( 4 Westmoreland Place ) .
of pasadena ’ s highly reputed [structure] , no building is more famous than the gamble house ( 4 westmoreland place ) .

The women are also responsible for one other characteristic of Indian “ architecture ” — cow-dung patties which are preserved and kept for fuel and artfully shaped into mounds with shapes that differ from region to region , some of them resembling a Buddhist stupa , a Hindu gopuram , or even a Moslem minaret .
the women are also responsible for one other characteristic of indian “ [structure] ” — cow-dung patties which are preserved and kept for fuel and artfully shaped into mounds with shapes that differ from region to region , some of them resembling a buddhist stupa , a hindu gopuram , or even a moslem minaret .

Although the constitution of today describes India as a secular State , religion still plays a vital part in everyday life — in its streets as well as in the architecture , sculpture , and painting of its great monuments .
although the constitution of today describes india as a secular state , religion still plays a vital part in everyday life — in its streets as well as in the [structure] , sculpture , and painting of its great monuments .

It is a fine example of Moorish architecture , reflecting the Ottoman and Mogul glory of the 13th and 14th centuries .
it is a fine example of moorish [structure] , reflecting the ottoman and mogul glory of the 13th and 14th centuries .

The echoes of colonialism are clearly evident in the Railway Station , whose Moorish architecture is reminiscent of KL ’ s central station and is locally nicknamed “ the Taj Mahal ” ; nearby is the Majestic Station Hotel .
the echoes of colonialism are clearly evident in the railway station , whose moorish [structure] is reminiscent of kl ’ s central station and is locally nicknamed “ the taj mahal ” ; nearby is the majestic station hotel .

The High Court and Hong Kong and Shanghai Bank buildings are also excellent examples of Edwardian architecture .
the high court and hong kong and shanghai bank buildings are also excellent examples of edwardian [structure] .

Around Jalan Dato ’ Sagor and the nearby streets are some of the best preserved examples of Chinese architecture in Malaysia .
around jalan dato ’ sagor and the nearby streets are some of the best preserved examples of chinese [structure] in malaysia .

Sri Menanti For what is probably the best original example of Minangkabau architecture , take a side trip to the old royal capital , 37 km ( 23 miles ) east of Seremban on the Kuala Pilah Road .
sri menanti for what is probably the best original example of minangkabau [structure] , take a side trip to the old royal capital , 37 km ( 23 miles ) east of seremban on the kuala pilah road .

Today , even as the high-rise makes its present felt , the colonial past remains in the architecture and monuments .
today , even as the high-rise makes its present felt , the colonial past remains in the [structure] and monuments .

It is considered one of the best examples of 19th-century Chinese architecture in Penang .
it is considered one of the best examples of 19th-century chinese [structure] in penang .

Near Teluk Bahang ’ s town centre is Penang Cultural Centre , which features art and crafts and music and dance , as well as traditional architecture from elsewhere in Malaysia .
near teluk bahang ’ s town centre is penang cultural centre , which features art and crafts and music and dance , as well as traditional [structure] from elsewhere in malaysia .

The Masjid Zahir , built in 1912 , is located on the square ’ s western side , its Moorish architecture highlighted at night by myriad small lights .
the masjid zahir , built in 1912 , is located on the square ’ s western side , its moorish [structure] highlighted at night by myriad small lights .

Next door is the Muzium Islam , and the Masjid Negiri ( State Mosque ) beyond , with its ornate 1926 architecture .
next door is the muzium islam , and the masjid negiri ( state mosque ) beyond , with its ornate 1926 [structure] .

Around every corner there are beautiful views , elegant architecture , and exquisite natural areas .
around every corner there are beautiful views , elegant [structure] , and exquisite natural areas .

Visitors can admire the architecture and see the old water storage tank that collects water for use inside .
visitors can admire the [structure] and see the old water storage tank that collects water for use inside .

There ’ s no doubt that the Roman presence in Spain had a great influence on the country , bringing the gifts of engineering and architecture .
there ’ s no doubt that the roman presence in spain had a great influence on the country , bringing the gifts of engineering and [structure] .

The architectural highlights of this street , however , are the grand 15th-century mansion , now used by the Alabárdos ( “ halbardier ” ) restaurant , as well as numbers 18–22 , which are considered three of the ﬁnest examples of 14th- and 15th-century domestic architecture on the hill .
the architectural highlights of this street , however , are the grand 15th-century mansion , now used by the alabárdos ( “ halbardier ” ) restaurant , as well as numbers 18–22 , which are considered three of the ﬁnest examples of 14th- and 15th-century domestic [structure] on the hill .

Their architecture has done nothing for the aesthetics of the embankment viewed from the Buda side of the river , but , ironically , looking in the opposite direction , they provide some of the ﬁnest views of the city .
their [structure] has done nothing for the aesthetics of the embankment viewed from the buda side of the river , but , ironically , looking in the opposite direction , they provide some of the ﬁnest views of the city .

Travelling straight as an arrow almost 2.4 km ( 11⁄2 miles ) from the inner city to the City Park , it is the site of some of the ﬁnest architecture in Budapest .
travelling straight as an arrow almost 2.4 km ( 11⁄2 miles ) from the inner city to the city park , it is the site of some of the ﬁnest [structure] in budapest .

The architecture , atmosphere , and acoustics of the State Opera House rank it among the very best in Europe .
the [structure] , atmosphere , and acoustics of the state opera house rank it among the very best in europe .

Inside the pool area the walls are ivy-clad and there is some sumptuous statuary , but even more interesting than the architecture of the baths is the bizarre sight of groups of men playing chess while immersed in warm water ( their boards are supported on small jetties protruding into the pool ) .
inside the pool area the walls are ivy-clad and there is some sumptuous statuary , but even more interesting than the [structure] of the baths is the bizarre sight of groups of men playing chess while immersed in warm water ( their boards are supported on small jetties protruding into the pool ) .

On the latter occasion , around 8,000 Serbs brought their religion , art , architecture , trades and crafts , and commercial acumen to Szentendre .
on the latter occasion , around 8,000 serbs brought their religion , art , [structure] , trades and crafts , and commercial acumen to szentendre .

Among the best of the discoveries are the superb Hercules Fountain ( a rare vestige of Hungarian Renaissance architecture ) , the vaulted galleries of the Court of Honour , and the restored Lion ’ s Fountain .
among the best of the discoveries are the superb hercules fountain ( a rare vestige of hungarian renaissance [structure] ) , the vaulted galleries of the court of honour , and the restored lion ’ s fountain .

It was initiated during a burst of city planning after the 1906 earthquake , and the early structures — note especially the black-and-gold-domed , recently renovated City Hall — form the finest grouping of French Renaissance–style architecture in the country .
it was initiated during a burst of city planning after the 1906 earthquake , and the early structures — note especially the black-and-gold-domed , recently renovated city hall — form the finest grouping of french renaissance–style [structure] in the country .

Just north of the Pueblo are the crowded streets and Oriental architecture of L.A. ’ s Chinatown , while to the south is Little Tokyo , the cultural center of the Japanese community .
just north of the pueblo are the crowded streets and oriental [structure] of l.a. ’ s chinatown , while to the south is little tokyo , the cultural center of the japanese community .

Tours of the Center ’ s architecture and sculpture are available .
tours of the center ’ s [structure] and sculpture are available .

A living museum of the Art Deco architecture that characterized Los Angeles ’ s rise to greatness during the 1920s and 1930s , the section of Wilshire between La Brea and Fairfax avenues , known as the “ miracle mile , ” is slowly being renovated after years of neglect .
a living museum of the art deco [structure] that characterized los angeles ’ s rise to greatness during the 1920s and 1930s , the section of wilshire between la brea and fairfax avenues , known as the “ miracle mile , ” is slowly being renovated after years of neglect .

Next door to the tar pits is the Los Angeles County Museum of Art ( LACMA ) , whose provocative modern architecture houses one of the state ’ s best art collections , including outstanding examples of Nepalese , Indian , and Tibetan art , Japanese scroll paintings , pre-Columbian art , and German Expressionist drawings .
next door to the tar pits is the los angeles county museum of art ( lacma ) , whose provocative modern [structure] houses one of the state ’ s best art collections , including outstanding examples of nepalese , indian , and tibetan art , japanese scroll paintings , pre-columbian art , and german expressionist drawings .

The architecture is an astounding mixture of Spanish , Gothic , Bauhaus , and Renaissance , in every pastel shade under the sun .
the [structure] is an astounding mixture of spanish , gothic , bauhaus , and renaissance , in every pastel shade under the sun .

Here you can stroll along the red-brick pavements and admire the charming restored architecture from the turn-of-the-century while you browse among the shops , galleries , restaurants , and bars .
here you can stroll along the red-brick pavements and admire the charming restored [structure] from the turn-of-the-century while you browse among the shops , galleries , restaurants , and bars .

Its Moorish architecture , which looks something like a setting for Arabian Nights , became renown as the place where Bo Derek showed her appreciation for Ravel ’ s bolero in the movie Ten .
its moorish [structure] , which looks something like a setting for arabian nights , became renown as the place where bo derek showed her appreciation for ravel ’ s bolero in the movie ten .

The building stands in the heart of a living museum of Malla dynasty architecture .
the building stands in the heart of a living museum of malla dynasty [structure] .

Its transition from Romanesque to Gothic has been called a perfect representation of medieval architecture , an opinion that has ancient and modern dissenters .
its transition from romanesque to gothic has been called a perfect representation of medieval [structure] , an opinion that has ancient and modern dissenters .

On of the best times to see the square ’ s architecture is in the winter , when the chestnut trees are bare and don ’ t obscure the pink brick and honey-colored stone façades .
on of the best times to see the square ’ s [structure] is in the winter , when the chestnut trees are bare and don ’ t obscure the pink brick and honey-colored stone façades .

Little St-Julien-le-Pauvre , a jewel of early Gothic architecture dating from between 1165 and 1220 , hosts recitals of chamber and religious music .
little st-julien-le-pauvre , a jewel of early gothic [structure] dating from between 1165 and 1220 , hosts recitals of chamber and religious music .

This structure incorporates fragments of medieval and Renaissance architecture and sculpture that make it a living museum .
this structure incorporates fragments of medieval and renaissance [structure] and sculpture that make it a living museum .

The carefully preserved historic houses and public buildings retain many of the most charming features of the original Spanish colonial architecture .
the carefully preserved historic houses and public buildings retain many of the most charming features of the original spanish colonial [structure] .

The old city was destroyed in an earthquake in 1918 ; as a result , Mayagüez is less interesting in terms of architecture than other settlements .
the old city was destroyed in an earthquake in 1918 ; as a result , mayagüez is less interesting in terms of [structure] than other settlements .

The architecture that eased Portugal from the Gothic into the Renaissance still bears his name : the Manueline style is whimsically flamboyant and decorative , and rife with references to the sea .
the [structure] that eased portugal from the gothic into the renaissance still bears his name : the manueline style is whimsically flamboyant and decorative , and rife with references to the sea .

Three of the four museum buildings ( fascinating in themselves ) represent different styles of palace architecture .
three of the four museum buildings ( fascinating in themselves ) represent different styles of palace [structure] .

The island capital is an appealing town — clean and bright with traditional and modern architecture side-by-side creating much charm , especially when compared with many of the other islands ’ rather bland capitals .
the island capital is an appealing town — clean and bright with traditional and modern [structure] side-by-side creating much charm , especially when compared with many of the other islands ’ rather bland capitals .

The magnificent interior , one of the finest examples of Georgian church architecture in North America , has lavishly upholstered pews — especially the governor ’ s — gilt crown and miters on the organ case , the oldest pulpit in the nation , and a bell cast by Paul Revere that was tolled at his death .
the magnificent interior , one of the finest examples of georgian church [structure] in north america , has lavishly upholstered pews — especially the governor ’ s — gilt crown and miters on the organ case , the oldest pulpit in the nation , and a bell cast by paul revere that was tolled at his death .

For a good look at Downtown ’ s architecture , go to the green triangle of Post Office Square .
for a good look at downtown ’ s [structure] , go to the green triangle of post office square .

The residential district North of Boylston Street contains some of the best Victorian architecture in the country .
the residential district north of boylston street contains some of the best victorian [structure] in the country .

Notice the architecture as well : At the end of the converted carriage houses , the less genteel eastern end gives way to series of alternate classic bow- and flat-fronted townhouses .
notice the [structure] as well : at the end of the converted carriage houses , the less genteel eastern end gives way to series of alternate classic bow- and flat-fronted townhouses .

For book lovers , the bookshops on and around Savignyplatz offer a superb selection of books on art and design , architecture , fashion , and film .
for book lovers , the bookshops on and around savignyplatz offer a superb selection of books on art and design , [structure] , fashion , and film .

Since that time , it has seen the ebb and flow of economic prosperity and political power , yet its architecture and lifestyle — a total contrast to modern Cancún — make it a fascinating place to visit .
since that time , it has seen the ebb and flow of economic prosperity and political power , yet its [structure] and lifestyle — a total contrast to modern cancún — make it a fascinating place to visit .

The theatre is a splendid example of late 19th- early 20th-century architecture , with a sweeping marble staircase leading to a colonnaded upper balcony .
the theatre is a splendid example of late 19th- early 20th-century [structure] , with a sweeping marble staircase leading to a colonnaded upper balcony .

These sites are called the Puuc , and this name has also been taken to describe the characteristics of the architecture and design of the buildings here .
these sites are called the puuc , and this name has also been taken to describe the characteristics of the [structure] and design of the buildings here .

Beyond this powerful defense line stands China ’ s supreme ensemble of ancient architecture .
beyond this powerful defense line stands china ’ s supreme ensemble of ancient [structure] .

Tiantan Park , known to foreigners as Temple of Heaven Park , is the biggest of Beijing ’ s parks , celebrated for its assembly of thrilling 15th-century architecture .
tiantan park , known to foreigners as temple of heaven park , is the biggest of beijing ’ s parks , celebrated for its assembly of thrilling 15th-century [structure] .

The Eastern Qing Tombs ( Dongqingling ) mimic the older Ming architecture but are grander and more effectively restored .
the eastern qing tombs ( dongqingling ) mimic the older ming [structure] but are grander and more effectively restored .

The main walking district , the cobblestone Daoli Old Town , bordered by Stalin Park , retains much of Harbin ’ s Russian heritage in its onion-domed architecture .
the main walking district , the cobblestone daoli old town , bordered by stalin park , retains much of harbin ’ s russian heritage in its onion-domed [structure] .

As you might deduce from the European architecture of the railway station and many other buildings here , Qingdao has an unusual history .
as you might deduce from the european [structure] of the railway station and many other buildings here , qingdao has an unusual history .

Most of the German architecture is concentrated in the Badaguan District on Taiping Bay , near Beach No .
most of the german [structure] is concentrated in the badaguan district on taiping bay , near beach no .

As the main classical Chinese garden in Shanghai , it is an absolute gem of landscaping and architecture , the perfect place for the local people to seek tranquillity , so conveniently offered in the heart of old Shanghai .
as the main classical chinese garden in shanghai , it is an absolute gem of landscaping and [structure] , the perfect place for the local people to seek tranquillity , so conveniently offered in the heart of old shanghai .

Today , much of the finest European architecture in Shanghai is most visible in and around the French Quarter .
today , much of the finest european [structure] in shanghai is most visible in and around the french quarter .

The Xiamen Museum , housed in Gulangyu ’ s most striking red-domed building , contains a sprinkling of odd exhibits on its four floors , including printing presses , Tang Dynasty porcelains , wooden rifles , assorted gifts from sister cities around the world , and photographs of the island ’ s dazzling colonial architecture .
the xiamen museum , housed in gulangyu ’ s most striking red-domed building , contains a sprinkling of odd exhibits on its four floors , including printing presses , tang dynasty porcelains , wooden rifles , assorted gifts from sister cities around the world , and photographs of the island ’ s dazzling colonial [structure] .

He rebuilt Kraków with magnificent architecture and established the country ’ s first university there .
he rebuilt kraków with magnificent [structure] and established the country ’ s first university there .

The avenue lost almost all the Jugendstil architecture of its Wilhelminian heyday during World War II , but a vestige can be seen in the elegant Café Möhring just across the road .
the avenue lost almost all the jugendstil [structure] of its wilhelminian heyday during world war ii , but a vestige can be seen in the elegant café möhring just across the road .

A little to the north , fashionable Savignyplatz provides a focus for first-class art and architecture bookshops and art galleries , located in the arches beneath the overhead S-Bahn railway line .
a little to the north , fashionable savignyplatz provides a focus for first-class art and [structure] bookshops and art galleries , located in the arches beneath the overhead s-bahn railway line .

South of the Siegessäule stands the elegant , modern shared complex which houses the embassies of Denmark , Finland , Holland , Norway , and Sweden , the architecture a stunning showcase for Scandinavian design and materials .
south of the siegessäule stands the elegant , modern shared complex which houses the embassies of denmark , finland , holland , norway , and sweden , the [structure] a stunning showcase for scandinavian design and materials .

The stylized industrial curves of the Bauhaus-Archiv ( see page 73 ) on the Landwehr canal were designed by Walter Gropius , founder of the hugely influential Bauhaus school of architecture , art , and design .
the stylized industrial curves of the bauhaus-archiv ( see page 73 ) on the landwehr canal were designed by walter gropius , founder of the hugely influential bauhaus school of [structure] , art , and design .

Almost 100,000 people a day come here to marvel at the striking architecture and explore the latest attractions in this ever-changing city .
almost 100,000 people a day come here to marvel at the striking [structure] and explore the latest attractions in this ever-changing city .

A fascinating contrast to the futuristic architecture and technological content can be found in the elegant remains of the old Grandhotel Esplanade , now preserved behind glass walls .
a fascinating contrast to the futuristic [structure] and technological content can be found in the elegant remains of the old grandhotel esplanade , now preserved behind glass walls .

The lavish red and gold building is now a spacious exhibition site housing art and architecture exhibits in and around its skylighted inner courtyard area .
the lavish red and gold building is now a spacious exhibition site housing art and [structure] exhibits in and around its skylighted inner courtyard area .

Even the architecture has been designed to symbolize the devastation of Jewish life in the Holocaust .
even the [structure] has been designed to symbolize the devastation of jewish life in the holocaust .

Today the square is a rather bleak and desolate place with a fountain and a circular World Clock , surrounded by grim , graffiti-ridden Communist architecture .
today the square is a rather bleak and desolate place with a fountain and a circular world clock , surrounded by grim , graffiti-ridden communist [structure] .

The carefully restored palace , an exemplary piece of Prussian Baroque and rococo architecture and decoration , is the city ’ s only surviving major Hohenzollern residence .
the carefully restored palace , an exemplary piece of prussian baroque and rococo [structure] and decoration , is the city ’ s only surviving major hohenzollern residence .

The structure ’ s bombastic gigantism is an eloquent testimony to the Führer ’ s taste in architecture .
the structure ’ s bombastic gigantism is an eloquent testimony to the führer ’ s taste in [structure] .

This affluent suburb is still well endowed with interesting museums and with its charming architecture , it is definitely still well worth a visit .
this affluent suburb is still well endowed with interesting museums and with its charming [structure] , it is definitely still well worth a visit .

The museum documents the achievements of the most progressive 20th-century European school of architecture and design .
the museum documents the achievements of the most progressive 20th-century european school of [structure] and design .

Architects Walter Gropius , Mies Van der Rohe , and Marcel Breuer , along with artists Paul Klee , Vasili Kandinsky , Lyonel Feininger , Oskar Schlemmer , and Laszlo Moholy-Nagy attempted to integrate arts , crafts , and architecture into mass industrial society .
architects walter gropius , mies van der rohe , and marcel breuer , along with artists paul klee , vasili kandinsky , lyonel feininger , oskar schlemmer , and laszlo moholy-nagy attempted to integrate arts , crafts , and [structure] into mass industrial society .

Stroll around the summer palaces of Frederick the Great and other Prussian monarchs , or wander among the attractively restored 18th-century architecture in the center of town .
stroll around the summer palaces of frederick the great and other prussian monarchs , or wander among the attractively restored 18th-century [structure] in the center of town .

Due to a massive earthquake that obliterated much of the ancient city , most of the architecture that remains is from the 18th century .
due to a massive earthquake that obliterated much of the ancient city , most of the [structure] that remains is from the 18th century .

One is the small but exquisite Torre de Belém , a romantic medieval fortress ( particularly when floodlit by night ) erected in 1515 to defend the entry to Lisbon and one of the finest examples of Manueline architecture ( see page 25 ) .
one is the small but exquisite torre de belém , a romantic medieval fortress ( particularly when floodlit by night ) erected in 1515 to defend the entry to lisbon and one of the finest examples of manueline [structure] ( see page 25 ) .

By contrast , the majestic Mosteiro dos Jerónimos is Lisbon ’ s largest religious monument and a truly formidable example of Manueline architecture .
by contrast , the majestic mosteiro dos jerónimos is lisbon ’ s largest religious monument and a truly formidable example of manueline [structure] .

The palace is a bizarre and extravagant cocktail of Gothic , Renaissance , Manueline , and Moorish architecture fashioned as a love nest for Queen Maria II ( 1834–1853 ) and her smitten husband , Ferdinand of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha .
the palace is a bizarre and extravagant cocktail of gothic , renaissance , manueline , and moorish [structure] fashioned as a love nest for queen maria ii ( 1834–1853 ) and her smitten husband , ferdinand of saxe-coburg-gotha .

The city has a new sense of vitality , with a spate of new architecture , art galleries and chic shops and restaurants .
the city has a new sense of vitality , with a spate of new [structure] , art galleries and chic shops and restaurants .

Further removed but well worth seeking out if you have an interest in modern art and architecture , the Fundação Serralves ( Rua D. João de Castro , 210 , about 3 km/2 miles west of Torre de Clérigos ) has two primary parts .
further removed but well worth seeking out if you have an interest in modern art and [structure] , the fundação serralves ( rua d. joão de castro , 210 , about 3 km/2 miles west of torre de clérigos ) has two primary parts .

Nossa Senhora dos Aflitos , another church closer to the castle , has an octagonal shape that reflects the influence of the architecture of the Knights Templar , and the remarkable dome is covered in beautiful 17th-century azulejos .
nossa senhora dos aflitos , another church closer to the castle , has an octagonal shape that reflects the influence of the [structure] of the knights templar , and the remarkable dome is covered in beautiful 17th-century azulejos .

In the former is one of the best examples of how the state pousada chain is adapting modern architecture to historic buildings .
in the former is one of the best examples of how the state pousada chain is adapting modern [structure] to historic buildings .

Olhão used to be described as the “ little white Cubist town of the Algarve , ” its architecture likened to that of North African towns .
olhão used to be described as the “ little white cubist town of the algarve , ” its [structure] likened to that of north african towns .

Most notable was the Emperor Hadrian ( a.d. 76–138 ) , who had a love of Classical Greek architecture .
most notable was the emperor hadrian ( a.d. 76–138 ) , who had a love of classical greek [structure] .

Beauty was achieved in architecture , sculpture , and the decorative arts .
beauty was achieved in [structure] , sculpture , and the decorative arts .

West of Nathan Phillips Square , beyond tree-lined lawns , is Osgoode Hall , a true jewel of Georgian architecture in white limestone and amber brick , and the seat , since 1832 , of the Law Society of Upper Canada .
west of nathan phillips square , beyond tree-lined lawns , is osgoode hall , a true jewel of georgian [structure] in white limestone and amber brick , and the seat , since 1832 , of the law society of upper canada .

The country ’ s short history is epitomized by a skyline of solid Victorian parliamentary buildings and a bold modern architecture of office blocks and the new National Gallery .
the country ’ s short history is epitomized by a skyline of solid victorian parliamentary buildings and a bold modern [structure] of office blocks and the new national gallery .

The museum also houses the reconstructed Rideau Convent Chapel , a fine example of French-Canadian 19th-century architecture .
the museum also houses the reconstructed rideau convent chapel , a fine example of french-canadian 19th-century [structure] .

You ’ ll find in the architecture the missing links between the French-inspired homes of Vieux Montréal and the international anonymity of the city center ’ s 20th-century skyscrapers .
you ’ ll find in the [structure] the missing links between the french-inspired homes of vieux montréal and the international anonymity of the city center ’ s 20th-century skyscrapers .

The architecture here is a wonderful compendium of French Romanesque , German Gothic , and Italian Renaissance .
the [structure] here is a wonderful compendium of french romanesque , german gothic , and italian renaissance .

There ’ s a distinctly New England flavor to the architecture of white clapboard houses in a landscape of rolling hills , green meadows , and lakes , but the population is today overwhelmingly French-speaking .
there ’ s a distinctly new england flavor to the [structure] of white clapboard houses in a landscape of rolling hills , green meadows , and lakes , but the population is today overwhelmingly french-speaking .

Because of its dramatic location and the fairytale turrets of its Gothic-Renaissance architecture , the Frontenac is one of the most charmingly bombastic of all the many grand hotels that the Canadian Pacific and Canadian National railways put up across the country as symbols of their commercial power .
because of its dramatic location and the fairytale turrets of its gothic-renaissance [structure] , the frontenac is one of the most charmingly bombastic of all the many grand hotels that the canadian pacific and canadian national railways put up across the country as symbols of their commercial power .

The boardwalk takes you through a colorful architecture of red brick , timber , grey stone , and gaily painted clapboard .
the boardwalk takes you through a colorful [structure] of red brick , timber , grey stone , and gaily painted clapboard .

The province ’ s principal city , with a population of 1.7 million , is the beautifully situated Vancouver , home of easy living , elegant architecture , and all the color and movement of an international port .
the province ’ s principal city , with a population of 1.7 million , is the beautifully situated vancouver , home of easy living , elegant [structure] , and all the color and movement of an international port .

A fire in 1886 and property-developers left few traces of the 19th-century town , but bold contemporary architecture downtown and out at the Simon Fraser and University of British Columbia campuses blends beautifully with the mountain and ocean backdrop .
a fire in 1886 and property-developers left few traces of the 19th-century town , but bold contemporary [structure] downtown and out at the simon fraser and university of british columbia campuses blends beautifully with the mountain and ocean backdrop .

Start your tour of the city center at Robson Square , site of one of the true masterpieces of modern North American architecture , Arthur Erickson ’ s Courthouse .
start your tour of the city center at robson square , site of one of the true masterpieces of modern north american [structure] , arthur erickson ’ s courthouse .

If the Robson Square Courthouse whetted your appetite for the architecture of Arthur Erickson , continue this side trip out along Hastings Street towards Burnaby Mountain ( actually only 400 m/1,200 ft high ) and the striking campus of Simon Fraser University .
if the robson square courthouse whetted your appetite for the [structure] of arthur erickson , continue this side trip out along hastings street towards burnaby mountain ( actually only 400 m/1,200 ft high ) and the striking campus of simon fraser university .

The town ’ s artistic and commercial worlds have joined forces in recent years to preserve the old business district ’ s handsome turn-of-the-century architecture as a lively shopping and restaurant neighborhood , north of Notre-Dame Avenue between Princess Street and Main Street .
the town ’ s artistic and commercial worlds have joined forces in recent years to preserve the old business district ’ s handsome turn-of-the-century [structure] as a lively shopping and restaurant neighborhood , north of notre-dame avenue between princess street and main street .

To the southwest of downtown is Coral Gables , discreet retreat of the rich and very rich , and full of touches of old Spanish architecture .
to the southwest of downtown is coral gables , discreet retreat of the rich and very rich , and full of touches of old spanish [structure] .

For those whose taste leans towards post-industrial landscapes , just a little way beyond Kerameikós — across Odós Pireos — is the old gas works of Gazi , which has been converted into the Museum of Industrial Architecture .
for those whose taste leans towards post-industrial landscapes , just a little way beyond kerameikós — across odós pireos — is the old gas works of gazi , which has been converted into the museum of industrial [structure] .

Olhão has often been described as the “ little white Cubist town of the Algarve , ” its architecture likened to that of North African towns .
olhão has often been described as the “ little white cubist town of the algarve , ” its [structure] likened to that of north african towns .

This relatively recent link with the neighboring continent may have been the inspiration for the local North African style of architecture .
this relatively recent link with the neighboring continent may have been the inspiration for the local north african style of [structure] .

By contrast the majestic Mosteiro dos Jerónimos is Lisbon ’ s largest religious monument and a truly formidable example of Manueline architecture .
by contrast the majestic mosteiro dos jerónimos is lisbon ’ s largest religious monument and a truly formidable example of manueline [structure] .

Some of the most beautiful Gothic architecture and most fascinating medieval corners of Barcelona actually lie just outside the Barri Gòtic .
some of the most beautiful gothic [structure] and most fascinating medieval corners of barcelona actually lie just outside the barri gòtic .

Between neighborhoods , up via Laeitana several blocks from carrer Princesa , is one of the city ’ s greatest achievements of modernista architecture , Palau de la Música Catalana ( on Sant Francesc de Paula , 2 ) .
between neighborhoods , up via laeitana several blocks from carrer princesa , is one of the city ’ s greatest achievements of modernista [structure] , palau de la música catalana ( on sant francesc de paula , 2 ) .

The neighborhood is flush with spectacular apartment buildings , examples of Barcelona ’ s unique early-20th-century modernista architecture , and is called the Quadrat d ’ ( Golden Square ) .
the neighborhood is flush with spectacular apartment buildings , examples of barcelona ’ s unique early-20th-century modernista [structure] , and is called the quadrat d ’ ( golden square ) .

For all of Barcelona ’ s exuberant architecture , the city ’ s modern district is a model of rationalist urban planning , a rigid geometric grid dryly called “ the Extension. ” The outrageous and conservative , one learns , coexist here without much fuss .
for all of barcelona ’ s exuberant [structure] , the city ’ s modern district is a model of rationalist urban planning , a rigid geometric grid dryly called “ the extension. ” the outrageous and conservative , one learns , coexist here without much fuss .

Eixample construction by elite Barcelonans transformed the city into a showcase of extravagant modernista architecture , and the swank Passeig de Gràcia became the place to be seen .
eixample construction by elite barcelonans transformed the city into a showcase of extravagant modernista [structure] , and the swank passeig de gràcia became the place to be seen .

In addition to Bareclona ’ s modernista architecture , Passeig de Gràcia ( Paseo de Gracia in Spanish ) is lined with outdoor cafés , cinemas , galleries , bookstores , and elegant fashion boutiques .
in addition to bareclona ’ s modernista [structure] , passeig de gràcia ( paseo de gracia in spanish ) is lined with outdoor cafés , cinemas , galleries , bookstores , and elegant fashion boutiques .

The large Baroque fountain , La Cascada , was designed by Josep Fontseré , who had as his assistant a young architecture student named Antoni Gaudí .
the large baroque fountain , la cascada , was designed by josep fontseré , who had as his assistant a young [structure] student named antoni gaudí .

Erected as a counterpoint to the rest of the barrio , and as the lead dog in the municipal government ’ s plans to upgrade this artist ’ s neighborhood , the stark museum is worth visiting , primarily for architecture buffs .
erected as a counterpoint to the rest of the barrio , and as the lead dog in the municipal government ’ s plans to upgrade this artist ’ s neighborhood , the stark museum is worth visiting , primarily for [structure] buffs .

The simplicity of Sant Pau ’ s Romanesque lines is an agreeable change from the extravagance of Barcelona ’ s modernisme and the intricacies of Gothic architecture .
the simplicity of sant pau ’ s romanesque lines is an agreeable change from the extravagance of barcelona ’ s modernisme and the intricacies of gothic [structure] .

Built in 1929 for the Barcelona Universal Exposition , it ’ s a composite of architecture representing Spain ’ s varied regions , including replicas of houses , church towers , fountains , plazas , and palaces built of solid brick and stone .
built in 1929 for the barcelona universal exposition , it ’ s a composite of [structure] representing spain ’ s varied regions , including replicas of houses , church towers , fountains , plazas , and palaces built of solid brick and stone .

Architecture aficionados won ’ t want to miss one last sight on Montjuïc : the Pabelló Mies van der Rohe , a pavilion built for the 1929 International Expo by the seminal minimalist .
[structure] aficionados won ’ t want to miss one last sight on montjuïc : the pabelló mies van der rohe , a pavilion built for the 1929 international expo by the seminal minimalist .

Besides the modernista architecture , visitors embark on a fun theme-park-like cart ride through 253/4 km ( 16 miles ) of atmospheric underground cellars .
besides the modernista [structure] , visitors embark on a fun theme-park-like cart ride through 253/4 km ( 16 miles ) of atmospheric underground cellars .

Its sizable old town is endowed with marvelous Spanish colonial architecture and has been named by UNESCO as a “ World Heritage Site. ” Cuba could package it as a time capsule : it is the island ’ s prettiest town and one of the finest preserved colonial cities in all the Americas .
its sizable old town is endowed with marvelous spanish colonial [structure] and has been named by unesco as a “ world heritage site. ” cuba could package it as a time capsule : it is the island ’ s prettiest town and one of the finest preserved colonial cities in all the americas .

Originally a Roman settlement , Estepona preserves the remains of Moorish fortifications and watchtowers , an 18th-century parish church , and an expressionistic bullring , a startling piece of modern architecture which is beginning to look rather worse for wear .
originally a roman settlement , estepona preserves the remains of moorish fortifications and watchtowers , an 18th-century parish church , and an expressionistic bullring , a startling piece of modern [structure] which is beginning to look rather worse for wear .

Today , the historic center is regarded as one of the most outstanding examples of Moorish village architecture on the Costa del Sol , with a lovely 16th-century church and ruined Moorish castle .
today , the historic center is regarded as one of the most outstanding examples of moorish village [structure] on the costa del sol , with a lovely 16th-century church and ruined moorish castle .

The Alcázar ( entrance on far side of the square , through the Puerta del León ) is a major monument to mid-14th century Mudéjar architecture , combining Moorish , Gothic , and Renaissance elements .
the alcázar ( entrance on far side of the square , through the puerta del león ) is a major monument to mid-14th century mudéjar [structure] , combining moorish , gothic , and renaissance elements .

Considered on its own merits , the building must be regarded as a fine example of Renaissance architecture .
considered on its own merits , the building must be regarded as a fine example of renaissance [structure] .

Michael Swan depicts Bermudian architecture in minimalist fashion , while artists such as Carol Holding or Bruce Stuart paint a more literal picture .
michael swan depicts bermudian [structure] in minimalist fashion , while artists such as carol holding or bruce stuart paint a more literal picture .

The architecture of this room is typically New Palace style with large polythyra supporting the roof .
the [structure] of this room is typically new palace style with large polythyra supporting the roof .

It is a burgeoning resort , though it is much more laid back than those on the northern coast , making the most of its somewhat faded architecture , including a Venetian castle and a dilapidated mosque .
it is a burgeoning resort , though it is much more laid back than those on the northern coast , making the most of its somewhat faded [structure] , including a venetian castle and a dilapidated mosque .

Its typical Cycladic architecture and multicolored façades make it one of the most photographed villages in the world .
its typical cycladic [structure] and multicolored façades make it one of the most photographed villages in the world .

Tribes of Iberians from North Africa crossed over into Spain around 3000 b.c. , and initiated Spain ’ s first experiments in architecture ; Spain ’ s oldest structure stands near Antequera , a dolmen burial chamber known as the Cueva de Romeral .
tribes of iberians from north africa crossed over into spain around 3000 b.c. , and initiated spain ’ s first experiments in [structure] ; spain ’ s oldest structure stands near antequera , a dolmen burial chamber known as the cueva de romeral .

The Chinese call the Forbidden City the Palace Museum ( Gu Gong ) , and it is indeed a museum of imperial architecture , artifacts , and private collections of the emperors .
the chinese call the forbidden city the palace museum ( gu gong ) , and it is indeed a museum of imperial [structure] , artifacts , and private collections of the emperors .

The architecture is fascinating .
the [structure] is fascinating .

As China ’ s leading indigenous religion , Daoism differs from Buddhism ( transplanted from India ) not so much in the architecture of its temples and the art of its statuary ( these are often quite similar in style ) as in its practices and beliefs .
as china ’ s leading indigenous religion , daoism differs from buddhism ( transplanted from india ) not so much in the [structure] of its temples and the art of its statuary ( these are often quite similar in style ) as in its practices and beliefs .

Figure 1 is the JFMIP model that illustrates how these systems interrelate in an agency 's overall systems architecture .
figure 1 is the jfmip model that illustrates how these systems interrelate in an agency 's overall systems [structure] .

To date , JFMIP has issued ( 1 ) the FrameworkforFederalFinancial ManagementSystems ( not shown in Figure 1 ) and ( 2 ) systems requirements for the core financial system and 7 of the 16 other systems identified in the architecture .
to date , jfmip has issued ( 1 ) the frameworkforfederalfinancial managementsystems ( not shown in figure 1 ) and ( 2 ) systems requirements for the core financial system and 7 of the 16 other systems identified in the [structure] .

We also are mapping our business processes to our IT architecture and will link future IT investments to our business goals .
we also are mapping our business processes to our it [structure] and will link future it investments to our business goals .

AtomicTangerine also maintains a number of alliance partnerships with companies that specialize in various areas of emerging technology and architecture , which help provide information to I-4 members .
atomictangerine also maintains a number of alliance partnerships with companies that specialize in various areas of emerging technology and [structure] , which help provide information to i-4 members .

For instance , improperly defined requirements may preclude alternatives , restrict competition , increase the risk of cost and schedule overruns , and lead to systems that are inconsistent with an agency 's overall architecture and incompatible with other agency systems .
for instance , improperly defined requirements may preclude alternatives , restrict competition , increase the risk of cost and schedule overruns , and lead to systems that are inconsistent with an agency 's overall [structure] and incompatible with other agency systems .

Existing system architecture and functions to besupported ( i.e. , description , cost , volume of work , projected growth ) .
existing system [structure] and functions to besupported ( i.e. , description , cost , volume of work , projected growth ) .

Architecture hardware and software .
[structure] hardware and software .

For example , the Department of Veterans Affairs established a separate organizational unit staffed with professionals experienced in management , architecture , civil engineering , and contracting to manage its partnerships .
for example , the department of veterans affairs established a separate organizational unit staffed with professionals experienced in management , [structure] , civil engineering , and contracting to manage its partnerships .

Common components of each business area include data centers , human resources , payroll , a financial architecture , and a common desktop environment .
common components of each business area include data centers , human resources , payroll , a financial [structure] , and a common desktop environment .

Federal Enterprise Architecture Framework , Version 1.1 , Federal CIO Council , September 1999 .
federal enterprise [structure] framework , version 1.1 , federal cio council , september 1999 .

They discussed targets in coded language , pretending to be students discussing various fields of study : `` architecture '' referred to the World Trade Center , `` arts '' the Pentagon , '' law '' the Capitol , and `` politics '' the White House .
they discussed targets in coded language , pretending to be students discussing various fields of study : `` [structure] '' referred to the world trade center , `` arts '' the pentagon , '' law '' the capitol , and `` politics '' the white house .

For the information technology architecture , see Ruth David interview ( June 10 , 2003 ) .
for the information technology [structure] , see ruth david interview ( june 10 , 2003 ) .

Detailed analysis of genetic architecture was decades away , and of course insights into selection and historical demography from DNA sequence data were a dim dream at best .
detailed analysis of genetic [structure] was decades away , and of course insights into selection and historical demography from dna sequence data were a dim dream at best .

For instance , molecular markers enable more detailed dissection of the genetic architecture of species differences , and support the conclusion that they are usually rather highly polygenic , but that much of the variance can be explained by a few major gene substitutions .
for instance , molecular markers enable more detailed dissection of the genetic [structure] of species differences , and support the conclusion that they are usually rather highly polygenic , but that much of the variance can be explained by a few major gene substitutions .

Using the dual-value analysis , there was one malignant outlier in the benign dataset ( the lymph node was 3 mm in overall size , with few malignant cells seen on histology , and probably too small for analysis ) and two benign outliers in the malignant dataset ( both these nodes showed hyalinosis replacing more than 50 % of the nodal architecture ) .
using the dual-value analysis , there was one malignant outlier in the benign dataset ( the lymph node was 3 mm in overall size , with few malignant cells seen on histology , and probably too small for analysis ) and two benign outliers in the malignant dataset ( both these nodes showed hyalinosis replacing more than 50 % of the nodal [structure] ) .

Using the dual-value analysis , there were two malignant outliers in the benign dataset ( both of these nodes were less than 3 mm in overall size and probably too small for analysis—similar to the learning dataset ) and three benign outliers in the malignant dataset ( two of these nodes had hyalinosis replacing more than 50 % of the nodal architecture and one had macrocalcifications ) .
using the dual-value analysis , there were two malignant outliers in the benign dataset ( both of these nodes were less than 3 mm in overall size and probably too small for analysis—similar to the learning dataset ) and three benign outliers in the malignant dataset ( two of these nodes had hyalinosis replacing more than 50 % of the nodal [structure] and one had macrocalcifications ) .

This work , therefore , clarifies the architecture of prions by defining two structural motifs in prion proteins that have distinct functions in aggregation and propagation .
this work , therefore , clarifies the [structure] of prions by defining two structural motifs in prion proteins that have distinct functions in aggregation and propagation .

He and his colleagues have recently employed combinatorial biosynthesis to learn how to use part of the machinery for assembling cyclic peptide antibiotics to control their architecture .
he and his colleagues have recently employed combinatorial biosynthesis to learn how to use part of the machinery for assembling cyclic peptide antibiotics to control their [structure] .

Spying on honeybee dances can not only tell us about the cues they use for navigation , but also allows insights into the cognitive architecture that governs other aspects of bee behaviour , such as the assessment of flower quality .
spying on honeybee dances can not only tell us about the cues they use for navigation , but also allows insights into the cognitive [structure] that governs other aspects of bee behaviour , such as the assessment of flower quality .

The autobiographical segments of this book detail that , throughout his career , he has been interested in understanding how the brain works , using his substantial knowledge and intuition about the architecture and design of conventional computers as a counterpoint .
the autobiographical segments of this book detail that , throughout his career , he has been interested in understanding how the brain works , using his substantial knowledge and intuition about the [structure] and design of conventional computers as a counterpoint .

To then prove that cell protrusions are important in cell-to-cell communication in tissues , we would need to remove the protrusions and see how this affects tissue architecture and function .
to then prove that cell protrusions are important in cell-to-cell communication in tissues , we would need to remove the protrusions and see how this affects tissue [structure] and function .

The process of domestication dramatically changed the performance and genetic architecture of the ancestral species through the process of hybridization and selection as originally described by Charles Darwin ( 1859 ) .
the process of domestication dramatically changed the performance and genetic [structure] of the ancestral species through the process of hybridization and selection as originally described by charles darwin ( 1859 ) .

It is increasingly clear the distinct lifestyle of endosymbionts also shapes the architecture and content of their genomes , which include the smallest , most AT-rich bacterial genomes yet characterized ( Andersson and Kurland 1998 ; Moran 2002 ) .
it is increasingly clear the distinct lifestyle of endosymbionts also shapes the [structure] and content of their genomes , which include the smallest , most at-rich bacterial genomes yet characterized ( andersson and kurland 1998 ; moran 2002 ) .

Mapping these worlds quantitatively will allow us to compare them between related species operating in different environments , to see how the architecture of perceptual spaces is adapted to mirror biologically useful information from the real world in each species [ 39 ] .
mapping these worlds quantitatively will allow us to compare them between related species operating in different environments , to see how the [structure] of perceptual spaces is adapted to mirror biologically useful information from the real world in each species [ 39 ] .

They spent hours sitting at the most western end of the Salk Institute , at the cafeteria or in Francis 's office , gazing into the Pacific Ocean with all its daily changes , discussing not only architecture of visual cortex and visual perception , but the ramifications of a good theory of brain function .
they spent hours sitting at the most western end of the salk institute , at the cafeteria or in francis 's office , gazing into the pacific ocean with all its daily changes , discussing not only [structure] of visual cortex and visual perception , but the ramifications of a good theory of brain function .

Formal ideas in mathematics are not arbitrary constructions of an arbitrary architecture ; rather , they reflect the workings of the brain like a massive collective cognitive experiment .
formal ideas in mathematics are not arbitrary constructions of an arbitrary [structure] ; rather , they reflect the workings of the brain like a massive collective cognitive experiment .

This wonderful new building , with its 21st Century computer resources will need the continued involvement of many friends like you -- people who understand that a library is more than bricks , mortar , and good architecture .
this wonderful new building , with its 21st century computer resources will need the continued involvement of many friends like you -- people who understand that a library is more than bricks , mortar , and good [structure] .

He often referred to this music as the `` architecture of life , '' meaning that Bach provided a structure for his understanding during the complex changes he was to face throughout a long and difficult .
he often referred to this music as the `` [structure] of life , '' meaning that bach provided a structure for his understanding during the complex changes he was to face throughout a long and difficult .

In May , Chatterbox asked Vincent Scully , the eminent ( now retired ) Yale architecture historian , whether public buildings of the mid-to-late 20 th century were less durable than public buildings that predate the 20 th century .
in may , chatterbox asked vincent scully , the eminent ( now retired ) yale [structure] historian , whether public buildings of the mid-to-late 20 th century were less durable than public buildings that predate the 20 th century .

In its architecture , Nerve is not especially revolutionary : There are seven distinct sections within the site , each with its de rigueur icon in the margin .
in its [structure] , nerve is not especially revolutionary : there are seven distinct sections within the site , each with its de rigueur icon in the margin .

It 's like bad pornography expressed as architecture .
it 's like bad pornography expressed as [structure] .

The publication also reports that Aniston `` hired an expert to give her a crash course in architecture and collectible furniture , '' because Brad Pitt is an `` antiques buff . ''
the publication also reports that aniston `` hired an expert to give her a crash course in [structure] and collectible furniture , '' because brad pitt is an `` antiques buff . ''

Instead of trying to tame inner-city housing projects with different kinds of architecture , lower density , and income mixing , the Department of Housing and Urban Development should redefine its purpose : to help its tenants escape the ghetto .
instead of trying to tame inner-city housing projects with different kinds of [structure] , lower density , and income mixing , the department of housing and urban development should redefine its purpose : to help its tenants escape the ghetto .

In the words of Jolie , `` Talking about love is like dancing about architecture . ''
in the words of jolie , `` talking about love is like dancing about [structure] . ''

The only difference between this and a conventional soap opera ( or , for that matter , an episode of The Love Boat ) is that Carroll does n't spell out the interrelationship among the couples until the final scene , a symbolic remarriage in which the characters realize that talking about love might be as futile as dancing about architecture , but you have to do it anyway if your life is going to mean anything .
the only difference between this and a conventional soap opera ( or , for that matter , an episode of the love boat ) is that carroll does n't spell out the interrelationship among the couples until the final scene , a symbolic remarriage in which the characters realize that talking about love might be as futile as dancing about [structure] , but you have to do it anyway if your life is going to mean anything .

The New Republic 's Jed Perl bashes the newly opened J. Paul Getty Museum , designed by Richard Meier , whose architecture , says Perl , `` only works in coffee-table books .
the new republic 's jed perl bashes the newly opened j. paul getty museum , designed by richard meier , whose [structure] , says perl , `` only works in coffee-table books .

Writing in the New York Review of Books , Luc Sante defends DeLillo against the perennial charge that his novels are schematic : `` Large thematic strokes may define his architecture , but within lies continual surprise at the fluidity and resilience of the human condition . ''
writing in the new york review of books , luc sante defends delillo against the perennial charge that his novels are schematic : `` large thematic strokes may define his [structure] , but within lies continual surprise at the fluidity and resilience of the human condition . ''

I happen to agree that one predominant browser architecture would ultimately benefit the consumer , but for a different reason -- it would create a market standard for developers and consumers to focus their investments .
i happen to agree that one predominant browser [structure] would ultimately benefit the consumer , but for a different reason -- it would create a market standard for developers and consumers to focus their investments .

Do we want to allow Microsoft to parlay its control of the desktop architecture into control of the content that appears on the desktop ?
do we want to allow microsoft to parlay its control of the desktop [structure] into control of the content that appears on the desktop ?

Philadelphia 's Shibe Park , home to the Athletics and later the Phillies , was one of 13 urban ballparks built in the seven-year period now regarded as the golden age of ballpark architecture .
philadelphia 's shibe park , home to the athletics and later the phillies , was one of 13 urban ballparks built in the seven-year period now regarded as the golden age of ballpark [structure] .

There , some of the world 's most pretentious and absurd architecture beckons visitors from around the world to see such sights as in-house acrobats or an art museum , a battle of full-size pirate ships , or to tour an ersatz Paris , Egypt or other improbable replication .
there , some of the world 's most pretentious and absurd [structure] beckons visitors from around the world to see such sights as in-house acrobats or an art museum , a battle of full-size pirate ships , or to tour an ersatz paris , egypt or other improbable replication .

One reason Long Island epitomizes boredom is because of its ur-suburb , Levittown , tedium expressed as architecture .
one reason long island epitomizes boredom is because of its ur-suburb , levittown , tedium expressed as [structure] .

Few Little Rockers dispute that a world-class library building will be a boon to a town where the finest example of modern architecture is the TCBY Tower , and the principal tourist attractions are quilt shows and a building that had a cameo in Gone With the Wind ( not to mention the hotel rooms where Clinton propositioned women ) .
few little rockers dispute that a world-class library building will be a boon to a town where the finest example of modern [structure] is the tcby tower , and the principal tourist attractions are quilt shows and a building that had a cameo in gone with the wind ( not to mention the hotel rooms where clinton propositioned women ) .

As Sidney Landau points out in his excellent book Dictionaries : The Art and Craft of Lexicography , this is much like assuming that anyone who lives in a house is qualified to be an architecture critic .
as sidney landau points out in his excellent book dictionaries : the art and craft of lexicography , this is much like assuming that anyone who lives in a house is qualified to be an [structure] critic .

I could n't come up with a plausible indicator for architecture .
i could n't come up with a plausible indicator for [structure] .

As a feat of architecture , engineering , and urban renewal , the dome is already close to being a success .
as a feat of [structure] , engineering , and urban renewal , the dome is already close to being a success .

Improvements in architecture , regaining intimate space and scale and all the rest , wo n't disguise the ugliness of advertising the local bank , Chevy dealer , and chain retailer as a backdrop for baseball .
improvements in [structure] , regaining intimate space and scale and all the rest , wo n't disguise the ugliness of advertising the local bank , chevy dealer , and chain retailer as a backdrop for baseball .

The guidebook-to-destination theory is why I was so harsh yesterday on Frommer 's shoddy survey of Chicago architecture ( and for the record , it 's a difference of 10 pages , not five , and 10 times the amount of detail ) .
the guidebook-to-destination theory is why i was so harsh yesterday on frommer 's shoddy survey of chicago [structure] ( and for the record , it 's a difference of 10 pages , not five , and 10 times the amount of detail ) .

Architecture is arguably Chicago 's greatest offering , both to tourists and to American life in general .
[structure] is arguably chicago 's greatest offering , both to tourists and to american life in general .

The book breezes through the architecture of the Loop-Chicago 's spectacular downtown -- in four pages .
the book breezes through the [structure] of the loop-chicago 's spectacular downtown -- in four pages .

The question of 19 or 14 pages of guidebook coverage is splitting hairs-passing off either as a comprehensive guide to Loop architecture is sacrilege .
the question of 19 or 14 pages of guidebook coverage is splitting hairs-passing off either as a comprehensive guide to loop [structure] is sacrilege .

Ideally , a guidebook should give you just enough information to get you in the door , and then suggest a good text on Chicago architecture if you 're still interested .
ideally , a guidebook should give you just enough information to get you in the door , and then suggest a good text on chicago [structure] if you 're still interested .

A story claims Prince Charles has lost his long battle against modern architecture .
a story claims prince charles has lost his long battle against modern [structure] .

Charles ' architecture institute is floundering and ridiculed , British modernist architects ( Richard Rogers , Norman Foster ) are among the most respected in the world , and the prince 's handlers think his quest makes him look stodgy -- a no-no in Tony Blair 's Britain .
charles ' [structure] institute is floundering and ridiculed , british modernist architects ( richard rogers , norman foster ) are among the most respected in the world , and the prince 's handlers think his quest makes him look stodgy -- a no-no in tony blair 's britain .

Kicked out of the house when she was only 16 ( she was called `` Suzie '' in those days ) , Roy went to Delhi and then to architecture school , supporting herself by selling empty milk bottles ( some say beer bottles ) .
kicked out of the house when she was only 16 ( she was called `` suzie '' in those days ) , roy went to delhi and then to [structure] school , supporting herself by selling empty milk bottles ( some say beer bottles ) .

On the Today show , Gates said software architecture is `` a job that draws on my strengths more . ''
on the today show , gates said software [structure] is `` a job that draws on my strengths more . ''

In an editorial , the newspaper described these events as `` the human cost of financial carnage '' and demanded `` a new international financial architecture '' under which `` developing countries can insulate themselves from vicious reversals of investment flows . ''
in an editorial , the newspaper described these events as `` the human cost of financial carnage '' and demanded `` a new international financial [structure] '' under which `` developing countries can insulate themselves from vicious reversals of investment flows . ''

I teach a course about architecture and urban design to budding developers at the Wharton School .
i teach a course about [structure] and urban design to budding developers at the wharton school .

Which is why , despite the excellent town planning and generally high quality of the architecture , I do n't think Celebration is a model .
which is why , despite the excellent town planning and generally high quality of the [structure] , i do n't think celebration is a model .

It 's a little Celebration , its mawkish marketing and sentimental architecture direct descendants of Celebration and Seaside , Fla. What I want to know is : Where are we when America deserts its roots to race to a place that promises to return it to its roots ?
it 's a little celebration , its mawkish marketing and sentimental [structure] direct descendants of celebration and seaside , fla. what i want to know is : where are we when america deserts its roots to race to a place that promises to return it to its roots ?

Cohen has written a book that he undoubtedly believes extols heroes and explains a suppressed bit of Jewish history , but what he has done is expose the architecture of his own pathology .
cohen has written a book that he undoubtedly believes extols heroes and explains a suppressed bit of jewish history , but what he has done is expose the [structure] of his own pathology .

The upshot of such control , however , is that each film is sui generis , each with its own unique architecture , its own singular -- and vastly influential -- cinematic metaphor .
the upshot of such control , however , is that each film is sui generis , each with its own unique [structure] , its own singular -- and vastly influential -- cinematic metaphor .

It would `` radically alter the nature of the architecture of the business by shrinking the number of global competitors from '' -- can you stand it ? -- '' six to five . ''
it would `` radically alter the nature of the [structure] of the business by shrinking the number of global competitors from '' -- can you stand it ? -- '' six to five . ''

The eight ages in which these bridges , windows , and gateways appear are Classical , Romanesque , Gothic , Renaissance , Baroque , and Rococo , the age of iron and glass architecture , and the age of modern architecture .
the eight ages in which these bridges , windows , and gateways appear are classical , romanesque , gothic , renaissance , baroque , and rococo , the age of iron and glass [structure] , and the age of modern [structure] .

Even in his own time , Michelangelo ( 1475-1564 ) was recognized as having no peer in sculpture , drawing , or architecture .
even in his own time , michelangelo ( 1475-1564 ) was recognized as having no peer in sculpture , drawing , or [structure] .

Paul Tucker , guest curator of that show and the current one , made a convincing argument that Monet was celebrating the great motifs of the French nation : her land , her agriculture , her religion , and her architecture .
paul tucker , guest curator of that show and the current one , made a convincing argument that monet was celebrating the great motifs of the french nation : her land , her agriculture , her religion , and her [structure] .

Instead , he might have consulted the works of J.B. Jackson , the architecture critic who observed that most American architecture is n't meant to last .
instead , he might have consulted the works of j.b. jackson , the [structure] critic who observed that most american [structure] is n't meant to last .

To judge America 's fleeting architecture by Europe 's canonical standards is preposterous .
to judge america 's fleeting [structure] by europe 's canonical standards is preposterous .

Stauffenberg was a shadow-Hitler in some ways : His youthful love of architecture , music , and stage design coincides precisely with Hitler 's cherished dreams .
stauffenberg was a shadow-hitler in some ways : his youthful love of [structure] , music , and stage design coincides precisely with hitler 's cherished dreams .

How does the architecture of the Internet reflect the strange counterculture these students conjured up out of Pentagon funds ?
how does the [structure] of the internet reflect the strange counterculture these students conjured up out of pentagon funds ?

If he is he is one of shit '' -- shit being , in Artaud 's view , of human essence and the sole alternative to the void ) , he was beginning to draw complex , heavily laden constructions that look like architecture made from heads -- in the very last drawing they are stacked , as in so many totem poles .
if he is he is one of shit '' -- shit being , in artaud 's view , of human essence and the sole alternative to the void ) , he was beginning to draw complex , heavily laden constructions that look like [structure] made from heads -- in the very last drawing they are stacked , as in so many totem poles .

If there is truth to the contention -- Steiner is persuasive when he compares various fields and finds that only architecture and modern dance , those uniquely American triumphs , exhibit signs of life -- his argument still feels more like animadversion than rigorous reflection .
if there is truth to the contention -- steiner is persuasive when he compares various fields and finds that only [structure] and modern dance , those uniquely american triumphs , exhibit signs of life -- his argument still feels more like animadversion than rigorous reflection .

Despite strong competition from abroad , he virtually came to own the rakish angle on multistory architecture , and he shared with the German Umbo title to the perpendicular view of the street from above .
despite strong competition from abroad , he virtually came to own the rakish angle on multistory [structure] , and he shared with the german umbo title to the perpendicular view of the street from above .

Such primitivizing fantasies made him particularly well suited , when he was groping for a profession , to the `` organic '' architecture of Frank Lloyd Wright , with whom Smith studied and worked during the late '30s .
such primitivizing fantasies made him particularly well suited , when he was groping for a profession , to the `` organic '' [structure] of frank lloyd wright , with whom smith studied and worked during the late '30s .

Architecture did n't give Smith the control he wanted ; changes to the Olsen compound , in particular , depressed him .
[structure] did n't give smith the control he wanted ; changes to the olsen compound , in particular , depressed him .

Such remarks inspire Storr 's rather defensive observation that `` unlike fascist art and architecture , Smith 's sculptures and buildings were insistently built to human rather than superhuman scale . ''
such remarks inspire storr 's rather defensive observation that `` unlike fascist art and [structure] , smith 's sculptures and buildings were insistently built to human rather than superhuman scale . ''

The overweight Morris , caricatured in several of Burne-Jones ' witty sketches and nicknamed `` Topsy , '' applied his capacious mind to every aspect of culture and society : literature and art , economics and politics , architecture and city planning .
the overweight morris , caricatured in several of burne-jones ' witty sketches and nicknamed `` topsy , '' applied his capacious mind to every aspect of culture and society : literature and art , economics and politics , [structure] and city planning .

It was precisely my point that the PICS architecture enables the imposition on those who do `` not join their cause . ''
it was precisely my point that the pics [structure] enables the imposition on those who do `` not join their cause . ''

I say it is changing the Net by changing the architecture ; you say it wo n't affect the commons , only the `` gated communities '' and `` side-by-side '' networks .
i say it is changing the net by changing the [structure] ; you say it wo n't affect the commons , only the `` gated communities '' and `` side-by-side '' networks .

The argument is about the commons , not the ends ; it is about the control that is enabled for those in the Internet we know now ; and it is about the control that gets enabled because of the emergence of one kind of architecture of identity .
the argument is about the commons , not the ends ; it is about the control that is enabled for those in the internet we know now ; and it is about the control that gets enabled because of the emergence of one kind of [structure] of identity .

A group of very talented architects came up with an architecture to facilitate this filtering .
a group of very talented architects came up with an [structure] to facilitate this filtering .

Until one notices another feature of this architecture -- not only is it neutral horizontally ( anyone can rate the Net ) , but it is also neutral vertically ( the filters can be imposed at any place in the distribution chain -- at the school , at the ISP , at the corporation , or conceivably , the nation ) .
until one notices another feature of this [structure] -- not only is it neutral horizontally ( anyone can rate the net ) , but it is also neutral vertically ( the filters can be imposed at any place in the distribution chain -- at the school , at the isp , at the corporation , or conceivably , the nation ) .

Under the existing architecture , commercial sites get it for free .
under the existing [structure] , commercial sites get it for free .

It is not because of any affection for , or preoccupation with its technical architecture , or with its internal folkways .
it is not because of any affection for , or preoccupation with its technical [structure] , or with its internal folkways .

The puzzles of marginal deterrence are not invoked if the radios are disabled when removed , and so architecture , or technology , works nicely in real space , and it should work well in cyberspace to avoid similar problems .
the puzzles of marginal deterrence are not invoked if the radios are disabled when removed , and so [structure] , or technology , works nicely in real space , and it should work well in cyberspace to avoid similar problems .

No one could doubt that architecture matters in cyberspace .
no one could doubt that [structure] matters in cyberspace .

We come to the third point : Larry mentions that the original architecture of cyberspace was given to us by researchers and hackers .
we come to the third point : larry mentions that the original [structure] of cyberspace was given to us by researchers and hackers .

If the architecture of the Net remained as it was in 1995 , then it would n't matter who uses the Net for what .
if the [structure] of the net remained as it was in 1995 , then it would n't matter who uses the net for what .

My argument is that commerce is changing the architecture of the Net , and as a byproduct of that change , the freedoms of the Net will change .
my argument is that commerce is changing the [structure] of the net , and as a byproduct of that change , the freedoms of the net will change .

Here 's an architecture ( in the sense I mean the term ) that was added to the Web by an innovation of Netscape Corporation .
here 's an [structure] ( in the sense i mean the term ) that was added to the web by an innovation of netscape corporation .

All this because of a change in the architecture .
all this because of a change in the [structure] .

The point is that the freedom that there was has been changed by a change in the architecture .
the point is that the freedom that there was has been changed by a change in the [structure] .

Sites now get data for free , because the architecture makes it possible .
sites now get data for free , because the [structure] makes it possible .

Enter broadband cable , at least under the architecture initially proposed by AT & T .
enter broadband cable , at least under the [structure] initially proposed by at & t .

Because the architecture allows AT & T to choose , it allows AT & T to control how `` its '' network gets used .
because the [structure] allows at & t to choose , it allows at & t to control how `` its '' network gets used .

They have been slow to defend the principles of the initial architecture against the changes that commerce would impose on that architecture .
they have been slow to defend the principles of the initial [structure] against the changes that commerce would impose on that [structure] .

More important , slow to see how much of the freedom they enjoy comes not ( just ) from the absence of government , but also from a constitution of freedom built into the architecture of the Net .
more important , slow to see how much of the freedom they enjoy comes not ( just ) from the absence of government , but also from a constitution of freedom built into the [structure] of the net .

The argument of my book is that we ought to pay attention to this constitution , and to the freedoms that this initial architecture gave us .
the argument of my book is that we ought to pay attention to this constitution , and to the freedoms that this initial [structure] gave us .

That we ought to pay attention to the influences that are changing this architecture , and therefore changing this freedom .
that we ought to pay attention to the influences that are changing this [structure] , and therefore changing this freedom .

It is clear that architecture matters in both kinds of space and in pretty much the same kind of way .
it is clear that [structure] matters in both kinds of space and in pretty much the same kind of way .

Larry is less sanguine about this because he thinks that the architecture of these private structures does more than make commerce more efficient .
larry is less sanguine about this because he thinks that the [structure] of these private structures does more than make commerce more efficient .

Yet this ability to reflect on ourselves underlies art , architecture , poetry , government , journalism , and all the other forms of willed culture and communication that animals do n't and ca n't have .
yet this ability to reflect on ourselves underlies art , [structure] , poetry , government , journalism , and all the other forms of willed culture and communication that animals do n't and ca n't have .

Larry is right to point out that the architecture of the Harvard system is more centralized ( to its detriment ) than the Chicago system .
larry is right to point out that the [structure] of the harvard system is more centralized ( to its detriment ) than the chicago system .

That 's the second part of the argument that seems to have gone missing : that the liberty , or freedom , that cyberspace guarantees now is a function of the architecture of that space .
that 's the second part of the argument that seems to have gone missing : that the liberty , or freedom , that cyberspace guarantees now is a function of the [structure] of that space .

That that architecture -- which I call `` code , '' meaning the software and hardware that constitutes cyberspace as it is -- was initially an architecture that protected fundamental freedoms .
that that [structure] -- which i call `` code , '' meaning the software and hardware that constitutes cyberspace as it is -- was initially an [structure] that protected fundamental freedoms .

That that architecture is changing .
that that [structure] is changing .

The original architecture , given to us by researchers and hackers and generally libertarian sorts , is being changed as new layers of code are being added to this architecture .
the original [structure] , given to us by researchers and hackers and generally libertarian sorts , is being changed as new layers of code are being added to this [structure] .

Besides , I have a theory about America 's fascination with Italian criminals : said fascination is merely an extension of the world 's love for everything Italian -- culture , opera , food , art , architecture .
besides , i have a theory about america 's fascination with italian criminals : said fascination is merely an extension of the world 's love for everything italian -- culture , opera , food , art , [structure] .

It raises the sun and illumines the road ahead to a new computer architecture .
it raises the sun and illumines the road ahead to a new computer [structure] .

Here 's what the ad says , `` A few decades ago , it was still possible to leave home and go somewhere else : The architecture was different , the landscape was different , the language , dress , and values were different .
here 's what the ad says , `` a few decades ago , it was still possible to leave home and go somewhere else : the [structure] was different , the landscape was different , the language , dress , and values were different .

They swore it would not happen again , and they created an international architecture which included the UN , IMF , World Bank , and the GATT , now the WTO , to achieve that peaceful purpose . ''
they swore it would not happen again , and they created an international [structure] which included the un , imf , world bank , and the gatt , now the wto , to achieve that peaceful purpose . ''

Chosen under the auspices of the center 's director , historian Peter Gay , the fellows include cultural critic Paul Berman , at work on a literary and political history of the Nicaraguan revolution ; technology historian Gregory Dreicer , who will study the architecture of racial segregation ; and historian Marion Kaplan , who studies the daily life of Jews in Nazi Germany .
chosen under the auspices of the center 's director , historian peter gay , the fellows include cultural critic paul berman , at work on a literary and political history of the nicaraguan revolution ; technology historian gregory dreicer , who will study the [structure] of racial segregation ; and historian marion kaplan , who studies the daily life of jews in nazi germany .

The battle started last summer when prodigal mogul Mike Ovitz rode back into town , founded AMG , and proclaimed his intention to reinvent `` the architecture of the industry . ''
the battle started last summer when prodigal mogul mike ovitz rode back into town , founded amg , and proclaimed his intention to reinvent `` the [structure] of the industry . ''

The Italians taught France everything about daring sartorial elegance -- to say nothing of daring stagecraft , cuisine , and architecture -- until Louis XIV was able to turn around and impose French fashion on all of Europe .
the italians taught france everything about daring sartorial elegance -- to say nothing of daring stagecraft , cuisine , and [structure] -- until louis xiv was able to turn around and impose french fashion on all of europe .

The book seeks to explain how footnotes became an essential element of the `` narrative architecture '' of historical writing .
the book seeks to explain how footnotes became an essential element of the `` narrative [structure] '' of historical writing .

It is a map , Tufte noted , that illustrates `` how multivariate complexity can be subtly integrated into graphical architecture , integrated so gently and unobtrusively that viewers are hardly aware that they are looking into a world of four or five dimensions . ''
it is a map , tufte noted , that illustrates `` how multivariate complexity can be subtly integrated into graphical [structure] , integrated so gently and unobtrusively that viewers are hardly aware that they are looking into a world of four or five dimensions . ''

Microsoft ignored the Internet initially , even creating a rival proprietary network architecture for its Microsoft Network .
microsoft ignored the internet initially , even creating a rival proprietary network [structure] for its microsoft network .

By contrast , Renzo Piano , winner of this year 's Pritzker Prize in architecture , `` likes to think of himself as unconventional `` ( italics ours ) , according to The New Yorker .
by contrast , renzo piano , winner of this year 's pritzker prize in [structure] , `` likes to think of himself as unconventional `` ( italics ours ) , according to the new yorker .

I admit to an interest in architecture and interior design .
i admit to an interest in [structure] and interior design .

Its overall influence is profound but undiscussed , although aspects of that influence are discussed constantly , under headings like “ language , ” “ education , ” “ standards , ” “ literacy , ” “ literature , ” “ science , ” and “ medicine. ” There is little that it does not touch , being physically present in the architecture of schools , psychologically present when we talk and think about what makes us civilized , linguistically present in much of modern communication and in what we call educated usage .
its overall influence is profound but undiscussed , although aspects of that influence are discussed constantly , under headings like “ language , ” “ education , ” “ standards , ” “ literacy , ” “ literature , ” “ science , ” and “ medicine. ” there is little that it does not touch , being physically present in the [structure] of schools , psychologically present when we talk and think about what makes us civilized , linguistically present in much of modern communication and in what we call educated usage .

The names and architecture of Santa Fe have gone through three parallel stages in a parabolic course .
the names and [structure] of santa fe have gone through three parallel stages in a parabolic course .

The original architecture was Andalusian filtered through the tastes and customs of Mexico ( then called New Spain ) and further modified by the materials available and the centuries-old experience of the Pueblo Indians .
the original [structure] was andalusian filtered through the tastes and customs of mexico ( then called new spain ) and further modified by the materials available and the centuries-old experience of the pueblo indians .

In the second stage of construction the “ primitive ” structures of the Spanish-colonial past were gradually replaced and surrounded by more “ proper ” architecture .
in the second stage of construction the “ primitive ” structures of the spanish-colonial past were gradually replaced and surrounded by more “ proper ” [structure] .

Others , Hispanic and Anglo , came to see in this revival commercial potential , and modified versions of the old Pueblo and Territorial styles have dominated , indeed monopolized , architecture in the capital ever since .
others , hispanic and anglo , came to see in this revival commercial potential , and modified versions of the old pueblo and territorial styles have dominated , indeed monopolized , [structure] in the capital ever since .

These streets and their names correspond to the architecture of the first wave of Anglo-American occupation .
these streets and their names correspond to the [structure] of the first wave of anglo-american occupation .

Likewise the period of revival of Pueblo-colonial architecture in the twentieth century corresponds to an attempt to revive Spanish , or at least historic nomenclature .
likewise the period of revival of pueblo-colonial [structure] in the twentieth century corresponds to an attempt to revive spanish , or at least historic nomenclature .

Then there is La Fonda , the rather famous Harvey hotel that superseded the old Exchange Hotel when the local Anglos woke up to the touristic value of Spanish nomenclature and architecture .
then there is la fonda , the rather famous harvey hotel that superseded the old exchange hotel when the local anglos woke up to the touristic value of spanish nomenclature and [structure] .

Perhaps that is what happened with my unsuccessful proposal for a Multiple Entry Reconfigurable Dialogue Editor ( “ This project stinks ” -- Referee A ) , or my Comprehensive Universal Labelled Database Enumerating System Architecture Concepts ( “ Will this work lead anywhere ? ” ) .
perhaps that is what happened with my unsuccessful proposal for a multiple entry reconfigurable dialogue editor ( “ this project stinks ” -- referee a ) , or my comprehensive universal labelled database enumerating system [structure] concepts ( “ will this work lead anywhere ? ” ) .

