The most articulate Republicans are those who , in their desire to get back at Mr. Kennedy , already have created the image of a Republican leadership which is reluctant to assist the distressed and the unemployed , and which is even more unwilling to help old people who need medical care .
the most [express/say] republicans are those who , in their desire to get back at mr. kennedy , already have created the image of a republican leadership which is reluctant to assist the distressed and the unemployed , and which is even more unwilling to help old people who need medical care .

Ardent , opinionated , even obstinate , they were amazingly articulate , wrote their own copy , and were masters of phrasemaking .
ardent , opinionated , even obstinate , they were amazingly [express/say] , wrote their own copy , and were masters of phrasemaking .

In the incessant struggle with recalcitrant political fact he learns to focus the essence of a problem in the significant detail , and to articulate the distinctions which clarify the detail as significant , with what is sometimes astounding rapidity .
in the incessant struggle with recalcitrant political fact he learns to focus the essence of a problem in the significant detail , and to [express/say] the distinctions which clarify the detail as significant , with what is sometimes astounding rapidity .

Loyal and unscrupulous , with a single-minded ambition to which he devoted all his energies , he outmatched the English diplomats time and time again until , by a kind of poetic justice , he fell at the battle of Courtrai , the victim of the equally nationalistic if less articulate Flemings .
loyal and unscrupulous , with a single-minded ambition to which he devoted all his energies , he outmatched the english diplomats time and time again until , by a kind of poetic justice , he fell at the battle of courtrai , the victim of the equally nationalistic if less [express/say] flemings .

His `` articulate Jewish friends '' convinced him that education ( read `` reading '' ) was `` a must '' .
his `` [express/say] jewish friends '' convinced him that education ( read `` reading '' ) was `` a must '' .

Though there is obviously nothing new about these techniques , they do challenge the worker's skill to articulate them precisely on the spot and on the basis of quick and accurate diagnostic assessments .
though there is obviously nothing new about these techniques , they do challenge the worker's skill to [express/say] them precisely on the spot and on the basis of quick and accurate diagnostic assessments .

A borderline schizophrenic young man told me that to him the various theoretical concepts about which he had been expounding , in a most articulate fashion , during session after session with me , were like great cubes of almost tangibly solid matter up in the air above him ; ;
a borderline schizophrenic young man told me that to him the various theoretical concepts about which he had been expounding , in a most [express/say] fashion , during session after session with me , were like great cubes of almost tangibly solid matter up in the air above him ; ;

She meant him well , but was in no condition for articulate speech .
she meant him well , but was in no condition for [express/say] speech .

Probably want some erm articulate people .
probably want some erm [express/say] people .

Ah , are they articulate ?
ah , are they [express/say] ?

What do you think with those toms he 's really er , he 's quite , not articulate
what do you think with those toms he 's really er , he 's quite , not [express/say]

no it 's not , its not articulate
no it 's not , its not [express/say]

it 's articulate as well
it 's [express/say] as well

dexterity , dexterous , very dexterous articulate
dexterity , dexterous , very dexterous [express/say]

First , these were all intelligent , articulate , well-educated , highly qualified , motivated people .
first , these were all intelligent , [express/say] , well-educated , highly qualified , motivated people .

‘ Have n't seen anything ; have n't thought about it , ’ are the most articulate replies .
‘ have n't seen anything ; have n't thought about it , ’ are the most [express/say] replies .

They seem like a fairly ordinary , well-adjusted , middle-class family , perhaps a little more articulate than most , with a healthy appetite for debate .
they seem like a fairly ordinary , well-adjusted , middle-class family , perhaps a little more [express/say] than most , with a healthy appetite for debate .

We caught up with her on Thursday evening at a ‘ Democracy Day ’ debate , an articulate platform shared by two of the three other candidates and chaired , admirably , by the Rev Ben de la Mare who 's a descendant of Walter 's .
we caught up with her on thursday evening at a ‘ democracy day ’ debate , an [express/say] platform shared by two of the three other candidates and chaired , admirably , by the rev ben de la mare who 's a descendant of walter 's .

‘ He is mischief-making on behalf of Tucker but that is only because King likes to hear himself talk , ’ said the champion , who is both personable and articulate .
‘ he is mischief-making on behalf of tucker but that is only because king likes to hear himself talk , ’ said the champion , who is both personable and [express/say] .

The lives of articulate people can be more interesting than fiction , but in general they would bore viewers more than the new vogue of delving into every aspect of sexual behaviour in discussion programmes .
the lives of [express/say] people can be more interesting than fiction , but in general they would bore viewers more than the new vogue of delving into every aspect of sexual behaviour in discussion programmes .

She would rather be articulate on screen .
she would rather be [express/say] on screen .

You could tell he was a maverick because he 's called Gavin , is articulate and wears black T-shirts for work .
you could tell he was a maverick because he 's called gavin , is [express/say] and wears black t-shirts for work .

You could tell he was a maverick because he 's called Gavin , is articulate and wears black T-shirts for work .
you could tell he was a maverick because he 's called gavin , is [express/say] and wears black t-shirts for work .

Unused to being argued with , he shouted and cursed at her , and soon the two of them were arguing fiercely , he having trouble making articulate sentences due to his excessive amount of drink , which only made him yet angrier .
unused to being argued with , he shouted and cursed at her , and soon the two of them were arguing fiercely , he having trouble making [express/say] sentences due to his excessive amount of drink , which only made him yet angrier .

But the trade unions strongly criticized the erosion of planning and ‘ regretted the lack of any attempt to articulate real priorities other than the need to submit to world market forces ’ ( Estrin and Holmes , 1983 , p. 116 ) .
but the trade unions strongly criticized the erosion of planning and ‘ regretted the lack of any attempt to [express/say] real priorities other than the need to submit to world market forces ’ ( estrin and holmes , 1983 , p. 116 ) .

You could tell he was a maverick because he 's called Gavin , is articulate and wears black T-shirts for work .
you could tell he was a maverick because he 's called gavin , is [express/say] and wears black t-shirts for work .

The Gooner also carries an articulate open letter to David Dein , Arsenal 's cultured vice-chairman .
the gooner also carries an [express/say] open letter to david dein , arsenal 's cultured vice-chairman .

From eager hairdresser who lacks confidence , she grows into an articulate and sure young woman who can argue the merits of Chekov , Lawrence and Yeats with ‘ real ’ students .
from eager hairdresser who lacks confidence , she grows into an [express/say] and sure young woman who can argue the merits of chekov , lawrence and yeats with ‘ real ’ students .

Our aim as a Department is to produce young people who leave us having become a literate and articulate as is consistent with their age and ability .
our aim as a department is to produce young people who leave us having become a literate and [express/say] as is consistent with their age and ability .

All pupils opting to continue with physics are now following this new Higher course , which is designed to articulate with the Standard Grade .
all pupils opting to continue with physics are now following this new higher course , which is designed to [express/say] with the standard grade .

Wright says : ‘ Some communities are much better represented by articulate voluntary groups than others .
wright says : ‘ some communities are much better represented by [express/say] voluntary groups than others .

Yeah . Oh it 's very articulate , very good !
yeah . oh it 's very [express/say] , very good !

But curiously enough , such articulate recognition of the educational significance of the manyattas was exceptional , though administrators often behaved and wrote in ways which hinted at an implicit acknowledgement of the similarity between what went on in a Masai manyatta and what went on in the English boarding schools they had themselves attended .
but curiously enough , such [express/say] recognition of the educational significance of the manyattas was exceptional , though administrators often behaved and wrote in ways which hinted at an implicit acknowledgement of the similarity between what went on in a masai manyatta and what went on in the english boarding schools they had themselves attended .

Congress was founded with the blessing of the then viceroy , Lord Dufferin , an unpassionate liberal who saw it as a useful forum for articulate Indian opinion .
congress was founded with the blessing of the then viceroy , lord dufferin , an unpassionate liberal who saw it as a useful forum for [express/say] indian opinion .

In that year , Haringey 's Labour councillors learned more about heterosexism than they would ever have believed possible , and they have become far more articulate in their defence of lesbian and gay rights than they were at the time of their election .
in that year , haringey 's labour councillors learned more about heterosexism than they would ever have believed possible , and they have become far more [express/say] in their defence of lesbian and gay rights than they were at the time of their election .

It seems to aspire to the kind of role that the Child Poverty Action Group has — well-informed , articulate , independent .
it seems to aspire to the kind of role that the child poverty action group has — well-informed , [express/say] , independent .

Allan Roberts raised the issue because he realised its importance for lesbian and gay liberation , but he then tried to dismiss it because he also realised that even to articulate the question ran counter to Labour 's ‘ duty to win ’ .
allan roberts raised the issue because he realised its importance for lesbian and gay liberation , but he then tried to dismiss it because he also realised that even to [express/say] the question ran counter to labour 's ‘ duty to win ’ .

They articulate well and do not run out of breath before the end of a sentence , because they are used to breathing adequately .
they [express/say] well and do not run out of breath before the end of a sentence , because they are used to breathing adequately .

People who do not articulate well are more difficult to speechread .
people who do not [express/say] well are more difficult to speechread .

England 's Best — spiky and articulate .
england 's best — spiky and [express/say] .

But Best , spiky and articulate though he is , is above all a pragmatist .
but best , spiky and [express/say] though he is , is above all a pragmatist .

But he was a man who needed to articulate his theories and here he could put them forward , embroider , reject , explore without the uncomfortable suspicion that his detective sergeant , deferentially listening , his face carefully expressionless , would be thinking , For God 's sake , what 's the old man dreaming up now ?
but he was a man who needed to [express/say] his theories and here he could put them forward , embroider , reject , explore without the uncomfortable suspicion that his detective sergeant , deferentially listening , his face carefully expressionless , would be thinking , for god 's sake , what 's the old man dreaming up now ?

With an established Green Party to articulate public anxiety , together with a national rallying point provided by the devastation of forests by acid rain — at least some of which is attributable to vehicle exhaust emission — it should not be surprising that transport has emerged as a ma–or cause of environmental concern in West Germany .
with an established green party to [express/say] public anxiety , together with a national rallying point provided by the devastation of forests by acid rain — at least some of which is attributable to vehicle exhaust emission — it should not be surprising that transport has emerged as a ma–or cause of environmental concern in west germany .

But he was also the most articulate of English artists — partly at least no doubt because he was half Irish .
but he was also the most [express/say] of english artists — partly at least no doubt because he was half irish .

An articulate Inspector of Accidents who has personal experience of these matters is possibly better able to make an assessment of such things than a lawyer who has little more experience than turbulence in flight spilling some of the champagne in the first class section of the cabin .
an [express/say] inspector of accidents who has personal experience of these matters is possibly better able to make an assessment of such things than a lawyer who has little more experience than turbulence in flight spilling some of the champagne in the first class section of the cabin .

Furthermore , all of them , despite on occasions entering states of manifest psychosis , remained sufficiently fluent to articulate their experiences , either in their fiction or in records of their lives , or both .
furthermore , all of them , despite on occasions entering states of manifest psychosis , remained sufficiently fluent to [express/say] their experiences , either in their fiction or in records of their lives , or both .

Mr Lamont should have concentrated on doing his own job well , instead of making a series of announcements on behalf of the Departments of Transport , Health , Social Security and Industry , all of which have articulate Ministers of their own .
mr lamont should have concentrated on doing his own job well , instead of making a series of announcements on behalf of the departments of transport , health , social security and industry , all of which have [express/say] ministers of their own .

As only intelligent and articulate people can , they are deftly defending the Disney premise by inventing a new genre : the Architecture of Entertainment .
as only intelligent and [express/say] people can , they are deftly defending the disney premise by inventing a new genre : the architecture of entertainment .

She seemed to articulate every consonant as she spoke .
she seemed to [express/say] every consonant as she spoke .

The involvement of senior nurses from the health authority has enabled staff in nursing homes to articulate their training needs
the involvement of senior nurses from the health authority has enabled staff in nursing homes to [express/say] their training needs

The involvement of senior nurses from the health authority has enabled the trained staff in nursing homes to identify and articulate their training needs , and guidance is being provided in many areas of practice — for example , care planning , continence management and communication skills .
the involvement of senior nurses from the health authority has enabled the trained staff in nursing homes to identify and [express/say] their training needs , and guidance is being provided in many areas of practice — for example , care planning , continence management and communication skills .

These were articulate people , perhaps better able to deal with the press and media than some other families who have found themselves in the same position .
these were [express/say] people , perhaps better able to deal with the press and media than some other families who have found themselves in the same position .

People , at least in the articulate middle classes , usually have their horror stories of public transport , their run-ins with bureaucrats of one kind or another .
people , at least in the [express/say] middle classes , usually have their horror stories of public transport , their run-ins with bureaucrats of one kind or another .

Its leading edges were free to articulate , the central keel was retained simply because short of cutting it away , there was no choice , and there was but one forward cross-spar .
its leading edges were free to [express/say] , the central keel was retained simply because short of cutting it away , there was no choice , and there was but one forward cross-spar .

For example , Miguez Bonino who inaugurated this series of lectures , talked of his own personal discovery of ‘ the unsubstitutable relevance of Marxism ’ and went on to argue that it must be taken seriously because ‘ it offers a scientific , verifiable and efficacious way to articulate love historically ’ .
for example , miguez bonino who inaugurated this series of lectures , talked of his own personal discovery of ‘ the unsubstitutable relevance of marxism ’ and went on to argue that it must be taken seriously because ‘ it offers a scientific , verifiable and efficacious way to [express/say] love historically ’ .

The textures , sounds and rhythms of The Shamen 's output from ‘ En-Tact ’ articulate their pleasure politics well enough , but they still seem drawn to lyrical sloganeering .
the textures , sounds and rhythms of the shamen 's output from ‘ en-tact ’ [express/say] their pleasure politics well enough , but they still seem drawn to lyrical sloganeering .

Under the influence Clift was transformed from an articulate and relaxed friend into a repugnant oaf .
under the influence clift was transformed from an [express/say] and relaxed friend into a repugnant oaf .

The well-known deconstruction carried out in ‘ Structure , Sign , and Play ’ shows how the constitution of anthropological knowledge , though often paraded as scientific and objective , is nevertheless governed by a problematic of which it remains unaware : the philosophical category of the centre — which Derrida then proceeds to articulate with the problem of Eurocentrism .
the well-known deconstruction carried out in ‘ structure , sign , and play ’ shows how the constitution of anthropological knowledge , though often paraded as scientific and objective , is nevertheless governed by a problematic of which it remains unaware : the philosophical category of the centre — which derrida then proceeds to [express/say] with the problem of eurocentrism .

So if there are different histories , they must nevertheless be related to those other histories from which they differ but with which they , articulate in a structure of relative effectivity .
so if there are different histories , they must nevertheless be related to those other histories from which they differ but with which they , [express/say] in a structure of relative effectivity .

Despite his programmatic emphasis in the Archaeology on the discursive formation as a means of making intelligible those knowledges that are formulated through their institutional components , Foucault turned away from this kind of historical enquiry because it was too ‘ clean , conceptually aseptic ’ — in other words , too apolitical . Foucault therefore abandons analysis of epistemes for the more Nietzschean ‘ genealogy ’ , which allows him to articulate conflict in terms of differentiated histories with their own conceptual specificities and their own times , while retaining the possibility of the formulation of aims and intentions :
despite his programmatic emphasis in the archaeology on the discursive formation as a means of making intelligible those knowledges that are formulated through their institutional components , foucault turned away from this kind of historical enquiry because it was too ‘ clean , conceptually aseptic ’ — in other words , too apolitical . foucault therefore abandons analysis of epistemes for the more nietzschean ‘ genealogy ’ , which allows him to [express/say] conflict in terms of differentiated histories with their own conceptual specificities and their own times , while retaining the possibility of the formulation of aims and intentions :

It seems that women , whose fractured identity inhibits their union activity , will nevertheless encourage others , especially those who are highly articulate , to speak up on their behalf .
it seems that women , whose fractured identity inhibits their union activity , will nevertheless encourage others , especially those who are highly [express/say] , to speak up on their behalf .

Lucille 's despondency was caused by a fear of Sharpe 's death , not a British defeat , but she dared not articulate such a thought .
lucille 's despondency was caused by a fear of sharpe 's death , not a british defeat , but she dared not [express/say] such a thought .

For schools looking to develop a whole-school approach this diagram can provide a starting point for each department to articulate its position and , from these deliberations , find and build common bridges across subject departments to meet individual needs .
for schools looking to develop a whole-school approach this diagram can provide a starting point for each department to [express/say] its position and , from these deliberations , find and build common bridges across subject departments to meet individual needs .

It is often quite surprising to discover just how aware children are of their own needs and how they can frequently articulate the type of resource they need .
it is often quite surprising to discover just how aware children are of their own needs and how they can frequently [express/say] the type of resource they need .

Today many boys and girls at school are more confident , articulate , mature and consequently , in some cases , more threatening , yet the time lapse between adolescence and employment could be three to four years .
today many boys and girls at school are more confident , [express/say] , mature and consequently , in some cases , more threatening , yet the time lapse between adolescence and employment could be three to four years .

These replications of conventional psychology 's misogyny come about because feminism finds it difficult to articulate links between subjectivity and political change .
these replications of conventional psychology 's misogyny come about because feminism finds it difficult to [express/say] links between subjectivity and political change .

Peter would like it ; poor Peter , who had broken down in bed the night before , and wept that he had failed her , failed her as well as — but he could n't actually articulate that .
peter would like it ; poor peter , who had broken down in bed the night before , and wept that he had failed her , failed her as well as — but he could n't actually [express/say] that .

One answer to this could be that articulate Europeans , however much they differed , were formed by a common educational heritage and thought of themselves as Europeans when they looked at the rest of the world .
one answer to this could be that [express/say] europeans , however much they differed , were formed by a common educational heritage and thought of themselves as europeans when they looked at the rest of the world .

Not only do they fail to express what it is like to be a sea-urchin , fly , or dog , but they also fail to articulate the specific psychological functions involved .
not only do they fail to express what it is like to be a sea-urchin , fly , or dog , but they also fail to [express/say] the specific psychological functions involved .

This does not assume , she claims , that people are always completely conscious of their efforts or that they clearly articulate the reasons for trends of common behaviour .
this does not assume , she claims , that people are always completely conscious of their efforts or that they clearly [express/say] the reasons for trends of common behaviour .

Speech production is seen as relying on the reverse process — that is , the ability to translate abstract ideas into speech sounds and to articulate those speech sounds in such a way that they are comprehensible to other people .
speech production is seen as relying on the reverse process — that is , the ability to translate abstract ideas into speech sounds and to [express/say] those speech sounds in such a way that they are comprehensible to other people .

The sociology of science was to articulate the ‘ ethos of science ’ ( Merton 1957 : 552–61 ) that guaranteed the exclusion of non-theoretical factors in the practice of science .
the sociology of science was to [express/say] the ‘ ethos of science ’ ( merton 1957 : 552–61 ) that guaranteed the exclusion of non-theoretical factors in the practice of science .

In the essay on ‘ Ideology and Ideological State Apparatuses ’ ( Althusser 1971 : 123–74 ) Althusser starts to describe the reproduction of the means of production and to articulate the form of the institutions that achieve this reproduction .
in the essay on ‘ ideology and ideological state apparatuses ’ ( althusser 1971 : 123–74 ) althusser starts to describe the reproduction of the means of production and to [express/say] the form of the institutions that achieve this reproduction .

Before the war at a luncheon party like this people would have said precisely the same things but they would have sounded different , because in those days they were accompanied by a sort of humming noise , not articulate , but musical , exciting , which changed the value of the words themselves …
before the war at a luncheon party like this people would have said precisely the same things but they would have sounded different , because in those days they were accompanied by a sort of humming noise , not [express/say] , but musical , exciting , which changed the value of the words themselves …

There are also a number of articulate carers , whose visibility is enhanced by the work of the Carers National Association .
there are also a number of [express/say] carers , whose visibility is enhanced by the work of the carers national association .

This is the time for the social worker to help family members articulate their concerns , and how they would like to continue to be involved .
this is the time for the social worker to help family members [express/say] their concerns , and how they would like to continue to be involved .

Simon , for all his shambling manner and muttered speech was a highly articulate young man and Markby had learned upon enquiry that he was the product of a minor public school — although it was doubtful whether the school would have cared to broadcast his presence amongst its alumni .
simon , for all his shambling manner and muttered speech was a highly [express/say] young man and markby had learned upon enquiry that he was the product of a minor public school — although it was doubtful whether the school would have cared to broadcast his presence amongst its alumni .

And his choice of articulate former England striker Fashanu is unique because players are usually backed by their managers or chairmen on charges of bringing the game into disrepute .
and his choice of [express/say] former england striker fashanu is unique because players are usually backed by their managers or chairmen on charges of bringing the game into disrepute .

We passed the waking time playing Articulate and eating a picnic meal before turning the seats into layers of beds — a complex procedure when there are six people and sets of luggage , but not impossible .
we passed the waking time playing [express/say] and eating a picnic meal before turning the seats into layers of beds — a complex procedure when there are six people and sets of luggage , but not impossible .

Sometimes this label may come from a sense of being less-educated than other people , or less articulate .
sometimes this label may come from a sense of being less-educated than other people , or less [express/say] .

Nevertheless the evidence of opinion polls and by-elections suggests that the new democratic nationalism was not merely imagined by the intellectuals who sought to articulate it .
nevertheless the evidence of opinion polls and by-elections suggests that the new democratic nationalism was not merely imagined by the intellectuals who sought to [express/say] it .

While all the studies used for this paper do not attain this ideal , the effort to articulate material that is not readily available through more conventional studies of workers ' images of society , for instance , may serve to make some point in the social landscape between the ‘ centres ’ of workers ' and managers ' worlds and that of social scientists .
while all the studies used for this paper do not attain this ideal , the effort to [express/say] material that is not readily available through more conventional studies of workers ' images of society , for instance , may serve to make some point in the social landscape between the ‘ centres ’ of workers ' and managers ' worlds and that of social scientists .

This means that the enquirer is generating data and making interpretations of material which is usually repressed and made unconscious because it is emotionally painful to articulate it .
this means that the enquirer is generating data and making interpretations of material which is usually repressed and made unconscious because it is emotionally painful to [express/say] it .

While the possibility of affluence influencing political stability may be present in the future , there is always the possibility that the worker , from his subjective experience of work and of his society , may articulate a political outlook of dissent and radicalism .
while the possibility of affluence influencing political stability may be present in the future , there is always the possibility that the worker , from his subjective experience of work and of his society , may [express/say] a political outlook of dissent and radicalism .

Officials did not articulate these values in a way understandable to the people .
officials did not [express/say] these values in a way understandable to the people .

We may be nostalgic for the security of those old standards which have been dissolved by changing conditions and needs , and by the opening up of viewpoints which have only lately become articulate , of women , working-class , blacks , Third World , homosexuals .
we may be nostalgic for the security of those old standards which have been dissolved by changing conditions and needs , and by the opening up of viewpoints which have only lately become [express/say] , of women , working-class , blacks , third world , homosexuals .

Intelligent and articulate he became one of the driving forces in relaunching the fortunes of the Bègles club .
intelligent and [express/say] he became one of the driving forces in relaunching the fortunes of the bègles club .

Speak up , speak slowly ( it adds weight to your words and gives the judge a chance to take notes ) and try to speak in articulate sentences .
speak up , speak slowly ( it adds weight to your words and gives the judge a chance to take notes ) and try to speak in [express/say] sentences .

Yet farmers ' voices tend to be drowned out by articulate city-dwellers deprived of subsidies and no longer able to afford imported goods .
yet farmers ' voices tend to be drowned out by [express/say] city-dwellers deprived of subsidies and no longer able to afford imported goods .

Under the instinctive guidance of Hugh Cudlipp and others , with well established features and columnists , the paper was an articulate tribune for a class interest : ‘ Forward with the People !
under the instinctive guidance of hugh cudlipp and others , with well established features and columnists , the paper was an [express/say] tribune for a class interest : ‘ forward with the people !

There was a consensus — at least among the articulate .
there was a consensus — at least among the [express/say] .

Even though in the passage above Gummer undermines his own argument ( through his use of the phrase ‘ at least among the articulate ’ , he implies that this consensus is confined to a certain section of society ) it is crucial to his thesis that the changes to be identified under the rubric of permissiveness should be viewed against the backcloth of an alleged Victorian moral consensus .
even though in the passage above gummer undermines his own argument ( through his use of the phrase ‘ at least among the [express/say] ’ , he implies that this consensus is confined to a certain section of society ) it is crucial to his thesis that the changes to be identified under the rubric of permissiveness should be viewed against the backcloth of an alleged victorian moral consensus .

As a group , they are marginalised in a society that places a high value on being clever and articulate .
as a group , they are marginalised in a society that places a high value on being clever and [express/say] .

In a later meeting between parents and psychologist the former , in response to the psychologist 's efforts to identify/impose a consensus , again attempted to articulate their own understanding of George 's needs .
in a later meeting between parents and psychologist the former , in response to the psychologist 's efforts to identify/impose a consensus , again attempted to [express/say] their own understanding of george 's needs .

Superficially , they have little in common , but they 're all refreshing evidence of the welcome return of the neurotic , articulate lyricist .
superficially , they have little in common , but they 're all refreshing evidence of the welcome return of the neurotic , [express/say] lyricist .

The neurotic , articulate British lyricist , that is .
the neurotic , [express/say] british lyricist , that is .

Arrogant , articulate and extremely screwed up . How can Radiohead fail ?
arrogant , [express/say] and extremely screwed up . how can radiohead fail ?

There is , however , still time to capture one last attempt to use the genre to articulate rage and frustration , The Post Yelverton being the man .
there is , however , still time to capture one last attempt to use the genre to [express/say] rage and frustration , the post yelverton being the man .

English now offers material appropriate to their knowledge and experience , and provides the opportunity for them to be equally articulate in the new language .
english now offers material appropriate to their knowledge and experience , and provides the opportunity for them to be equally [express/say] in the new language .

The way forward could only be through a measure of government intervention and inevitably it provoked at the time and in its later consequences , or lack of them , sharp controversy which did much to form the particular arguments reformers used to articulate their basic ideological assumptions .
the way forward could only be through a measure of government intervention and inevitably it provoked at the time and in its later consequences , or lack of them , sharp controversy which did much to form the particular arguments reformers used to [express/say] their basic ideological assumptions .

The same desire to articulate theology as something of beauty and of joy in the light of the God who has made himself known to us in Jesus Christ runs through all thirteen volumes , and makes them a unique achievement .
the same desire to [express/say] theology as something of beauty and of joy in the light of the god who has made himself known to us in jesus christ runs through all thirteen volumes , and makes them a unique achievement .

Teachers will begin to learn from the consumer , rather than from the articulate politician , the real aspirations of the local community .
teachers will begin to learn from the consumer , rather than from the [express/say] politician , the real aspirations of the local community .

Cynically one might observe that the articulate have seized the opportunity to use schools more politically than ever before , disadvantaging still further the already disadvantaged .
cynically one might observe that the [express/say] have seized the opportunity to use schools more politically than ever before , disadvantaging still further the already disadvantaged .

Nevertheless , by selective choice , the articulate , financially secure and politically active can also indirectly contribute to school failure — not perhaps in their district and their child 's school , but in the schools and districts to which such influence is never brought ( or the area from which they have moved away ) .
nevertheless , by selective choice , the [express/say] , financially secure and politically active can also indirectly contribute to school failure — not perhaps in their district and their child 's school , but in the schools and districts to which such influence is never brought ( or the area from which they have moved away ) .

This was true to some extent in France where , by the turn of the century , it was necessary to articulate more forcefully to the government employers ' opposition to labour legislation in view of ‘ the apparent receptivity of lawmakers to demands from Socialists and organised labour for assistance ’ ( Kuisel , 1981 , p. 20 ) .
this was true to some extent in france where , by the turn of the century , it was necessary to [express/say] more forcefully to the government employers ' opposition to labour legislation in view of ‘ the apparent receptivity of lawmakers to demands from socialists and organised labour for assistance ’ ( kuisel , 1981 , p. 20 ) .

In this our world God breathed his spirit into the dust of the earth , and matter became articulate and personalised in the forms of man and woman .
in this our world god breathed his spirit into the dust of the earth , and matter became [express/say] and personalised in the forms of man and woman .

It was that of an articulate minority within the party which had a complex relationship with the class upon which it depended and which it claimed to represent .
it was that of an [express/say] minority within the party which had a complex relationship with the class upon which it depended and which it claimed to represent .

Sadly , the crucial insight into the ability of parties to articulate political programmes is not explored in the main body of Savage 's work .
sadly , the crucial insight into the ability of parties to [express/say] political programmes is not explored in the main body of savage 's work .

The perspective may not have developed antagonistic elements to the extent to which , at a generalised level , it could have been a genuine challenge to extant political power , but the populism did articulate working-class interests and demands assertively and independently .
the perspective may not have developed antagonistic elements to the extent to which , at a generalised level , it could have been a genuine challenge to extant political power , but the populism did [express/say] working-class interests and demands assertively and independently .

For all its faults , it can at least be said for the modern world that it has produced a substantial body of articulate opinion that blends passion with compassion in its concern for the impoverished and starving peoples of the world .
for all its faults , it can at least be said for the modern world that it has produced a substantial body of [express/say] opinion that blends passion with compassion in its concern for the impoverished and starving peoples of the world .

Before proceeding to details , however , we should note that the Ndembu are remarkably articulate in these matters .
before proceeding to details , however , we should note that the ndembu are remarkably [express/say] in these matters .

For Athenian authorities , sharing of power and admission of non-state interests is not sufficient because it allows influence only to the articulate and to civic agitators — the minority who can turn municipal decision-making to their own advantage .
for athenian authorities , sharing of power and admission of non-state interests is not sufficient because it allows influence only to the [express/say] and to civic agitators — the minority who can turn municipal decision-making to their own advantage .

The view that aggression is an integral part of human nature has been strongly argued for a long time by exceptionally articulate and persuasive individuals .
the view that aggression is an integral part of human nature has been strongly argued for a long time by exceptionally [express/say] and persuasive individuals .

The right hemisphere of his brain could not articulate what it registered .
the right hemisphere of his brain could not [express/say] what it registered .

One said , ‘ Being articulate and diplomatic and having saintlike patience and dogged persistence have become key attributes needed to prise out money that should be available as right .
one said , ‘ being [express/say] and diplomatic and having saintlike patience and dogged persistence have become key attributes needed to prise out money that should be available as right .

Starting from the twin poles of the Beatles and the Rolling Stones , the new , more articulate , and assertive , breed of pop musicians used androgyny as their ‘ private ’ device to achieve their ‘ public ’ ambitions : financial , sexual and social freedom .
starting from the twin poles of the beatles and the rolling stones , the new , more [express/say] , and assertive , breed of pop musicians used androgyny as their ‘ private ’ device to achieve their ‘ public ’ ambitions : financial , sexual and social freedom .

There is certainly interaction between these and the processes and responses of many arts : many works are derived from or stimulated by them ; other works articulate new ‘ natural ’ perceptions .
there is certainly interaction between these and the processes and responses of many arts : many works are derived from or stimulated by them ; other works [express/say] new ‘ natural ’ perceptions .

Active and articulate middle-class newcomers have been able to apply considerable pressure to local education authorities in order to improve the standards of rural schools .
active and [express/say] middle-class newcomers have been able to apply considerable pressure to local education authorities in order to improve the standards of rural schools .

In trying to articulate what she felt so strongly , Clare had forgotten that she was talking to a very sick woman .
in trying to [express/say] what she felt so strongly , clare had forgotten that she was talking to a very sick woman .

His rich guest merely made a sound , unable clearly to articulate a word with his mouth as wadded as a feather pillow .
his rich guest merely made a sound , unable clearly to [express/say] a word with his mouth as wadded as a feather pillow .

In contemporary music with a jazz , rock or ‘ ethnic ’ feel , drum kits and other collections like bongos and tom-toms reinforce the beat and articulate rhythmic patterns .
in contemporary music with a jazz , rock or ‘ ethnic ’ feel , drum kits and other collections like bongos and tom-toms reinforce the beat and [express/say] rhythmic patterns .

It enables us to express what we feel but can not fully articulate in words alone .
it enables us to express what we feel but can not fully [express/say] in words alone .

Who would have thought that that bright articulate girl would turn out like this ?
who would have thought that that bright [express/say] girl would turn out like this ?

Sukarno 's role , as so often , was to articulate and dramatise the attainment of the national will .
sukarno 's role , as so often , was to [express/say] and dramatise the attainment of the national will .

It is to this domain that we conventionally ascribe our image of self and of importance , identifying strongly with our controlled ability to articulate what appears to us to be the content of our own will .
it is to this domain that we conventionally ascribe our image of self and of importance , identifying strongly with our controlled ability to [express/say] what appears to us to be the content of our own will .

It is clear that this impression made upon us is no less significant in determining our conception of the individuals concerned than the articulate self-expression represented by the conversation we may be engaged in within this setting .
it is clear that this impression made upon us is no less significant in determining our conception of the individuals concerned than the [express/say] self-expression represented by the conversation we may be engaged in within this setting .

They will have , and will articulate , their opinions and insights .
they will have , and will [express/say] , their opinions and insights .

Alternatively , the upstream team has to articulate better the consequences of its decisions .
alternatively , the upstream team has to [express/say] better the consequences of its decisions .

So complex and unpredictable is the work that to articulate any formal course of instruction which would remotely address the variety and nature of the problems routinely encountered is thought hardly possible .
so complex and unpredictable is the work that to [express/say] any formal course of instruction which would remotely address the variety and nature of the problems routinely encountered is thought hardly possible .

Clare was the great exception , an articulate peasant , and he might have described that world for us in all its natural beauty and its deep associations for the human race — twelve or thirteen centuries of unbroken continuity — but he came almost too late for this kind of England .
clare was the great exception , an [express/say] peasant , and he might have described that world for us in all its natural beauty and its deep associations for the human race — twelve or thirteen centuries of unbroken continuity — but he came almost too late for this kind of england .

That is , racist , ethnocentric and nationalist ideas , which attempt to create strict symbolic and institutional barriers between collectivities , have also to coexist and continually articulate with a variety of discourses and practices around meritocracy , equal opportunities and citizenship rights .
that is , racist , ethnocentric and nationalist ideas , which attempt to create strict symbolic and institutional barriers between collectivities , have also to coexist and continually [express/say] with a variety of discourses and practices around meritocracy , equal opportunities and citizenship rights .

The practices associated with harassment are so jealously guarded , not just because they articulate a culture of institutionalized racism within the force , but because they form part of a system ‘ workers ’ control ' against the encroachment of line management .
the practices associated with harassment are so jealously guarded , not just because they [express/say] a culture of institutionalized racism within the force , but because they form part of a system ‘ workers ’ control ' against the encroachment of line management .

The prouder and more articulate seaman had seen his pay and status in continuous decline from 1815 when , at the , end of the Napoleonic wars , `` the government , without the least consideration for those who had battled on the ocean in defence of their king and country , disbanded the Fleets and cast adrift some thousands of Seamen suddenly to find employment in the merchant service `` .
the prouder and more [express/say] seaman had seen his pay and status in continuous decline from 1815 when , at the , end of the napoleonic wars , `` the government , without the least consideration for those who had battled on the ocean in defence of their king and country , disbanded the fleets and cast adrift some thousands of seamen suddenly to find employment in the merchant service `` .

His pantomime became most articulate when we at last reached the two vast geological features which mark the gateway to Torajaland .
his pantomime became most [express/say] when we at last reached the two vast geological features which mark the gateway to torajaland .

Broca 's ( 1861 ) contribution ( for a review of the very early literature see Benton ( 1964 ) ) was to identify the third frontal convolution of the left hemisphere as the `` centre `` for `` articulate speech `` .
broca 's ( 1861 ) contribution ( for a review of the very early literature see benton ( 1964 ) ) was to identify the third frontal convolution of the left hemisphere as the `` centre `` for `` [express/say] speech `` .

Derek and Pat are highly articulate about the finer points of many of the drab little livebearers ( some of which like Goodeids and the Mosquito fish , improve colour remarkably if offered a summer sojourn in a pond .
derek and pat are highly [express/say] about the finer points of many of the drab little livebearers ( some of which like goodeids and the mosquito fish , improve colour remarkably if offered a summer sojourn in a pond .

‘ Two weeks , ’ she managed to articulate , and then stood there , mouth clamped , feet rooted , as though turned to a pillar of salt , as though the deep deep boredom of childhood had reclaimed her , had rendered her helpless and speechless and powerless , the child in the attic , praying for time to pass and blood to flow .
‘ two weeks , ’ she managed to [express/say] , and then stood there , mouth clamped , feet rooted , as though turned to a pillar of salt , as though the deep deep boredom of childhood had reclaimed her , had rendered her helpless and speechless and powerless , the child in the attic , praying for time to pass and blood to flow .

Alix , whom Brian had so unexpectedly married , represented a world beyond articulate resentment , too remote to attack .
alix , whom brian had so unexpectedly married , represented a world beyond [express/say] resentment , too remote to attack .

attempting to articulate an impossible junction . This ,
attempting to [express/say] an impossible junction . this ,

Normal science involves detailed attempts to articulate a paradigm with the aim of improving the match between it and nature .
normal science involves detailed attempts to [express/say] a paradigm with the aim of improving the match between it and nature .

Because of the way he is trained , and needs to be trained if he is to work efficiently , a typical normal scientist will be unaware of and unable to articulate the precise nature of the paradigm in which he works .
because of the way he is trained , and needs to be trained if he is to work efficiently , a typical normal scientist will be unaware of and unable to [express/say] the precise nature of the paradigm in which he works .

However , it does not follow from this that a scientist will not be able to attempt to articulate the presuppositions involved in his paradigm , should the need arise .
however , it does not follow from this that a scientist will not be able to attempt to [express/say] the presuppositions involved in his paradigm , should the need arise .

The idea is that articulate language is a barrier to rather than a medium of communication and that if only this barrier could be removed , human beings would revert to a golden age of wordless , heartfelt communication .
the idea is that [express/say] language is a barrier to rather than a medium of communication and that if only this barrier could be removed , human beings would revert to a golden age of wordless , heartfelt communication .

Hall used the word ‘ articulate ’ , and other writers , too , drawing on Gramsci , have talked of a ‘ principle of articulation ’ ( see , for example , Mouffe 1979 ) .
hall used the word ‘ [express/say] ’ , and other writers , too , drawing on gramsci , have talked of a ‘ principle of articulation ’ ( see , for example , mouffe 1979 ) .

It preserves a relative autonomy for cultural and ideological elements ( musical structures and song lyrics , for example ) but also insists that those combinatory patterns that are actually constructed do mediate deep , objective patterns in the socio-economic formation , and that the mediation takes place in struggle : the classes fight to articulate together constituents of the cultural repertoire in particular ways so that they are organized in terms of principles or sets of values determined by the position and interests of the class in the prevailing mode of production .
it preserves a relative autonomy for cultural and ideological elements ( musical structures and song lyrics , for example ) but also insists that those combinatory patterns that are actually constructed do mediate deep , objective patterns in the socio-economic formation , and that the mediation takes place in struggle : the classes fight to [express/say] together constituents of the cultural repertoire in particular ways so that they are organized in terms of principles or sets of values determined by the position and interests of the class in the prevailing mode of production .

All the tunes mentioned so far were , so to speak , rescued from the hands of ‘ folk ’ song collectors and those of ‘ refined ’ parlour performers ; Corvan 's texts articulate them to the needs of his class , at a particular moment in its history .
all the tunes mentioned so far were , so to speak , rescued from the hands of ‘ folk ’ song collectors and those of ‘ refined ’ parlour performers ; corvan 's texts [express/say] them to the needs of his class , at a particular moment in its history .

Corvan 's achievement , then — with a narrow stock of materials and against a background of retrenchment , in which the bourgeoisie 's musical values , like its money , were increasingly setting the framework of socio-musical relationships — was to articulate those materials to the needs of his own particular audience .
corvan 's achievement , then — with a narrow stock of materials and against a background of retrenchment , in which the bourgeoisie 's musical values , like its money , were increasingly setting the framework of socio-musical relationships — was to [express/say] those materials to the needs of his own particular audience .

Dispossessed and relatively powerless groups — for example , American blacks or white working-class youths — articulate their various perspectives , as victims , on the dominant reality through musics which accept the basic rhythmic-harmonic framework derived from the tradition of notated music but at the same time work against this in various ways , notably by superimposing on the framework musical techniques typical of oral cultures .
dispossessed and relatively powerless groups — for example , american blacks or white working-class youths — [express/say] their various perspectives , as victims , on the dominant reality through musics which accept the basic rhythmic-harmonic framework derived from the tradition of notated music but at the same time work against this in various ways , notably by superimposing on the framework musical techniques typical of oral cultures .

Certainly , these images no longer shock , but , if controversy and moral discourse is entirely abandoned , how then can feminism articulate the problematics of the representation of the female body within dominant pictorial , curatorial and critical practices ?
certainly , these images no longer shock , but , if controversy and moral discourse is entirely abandoned , how then can feminism [express/say] the problematics of the representation of the female body within dominant pictorial , curatorial and critical practices ?

Whether , as many prehistorians suspect , the Upper Palaeolithic was a time of notable progress in articulate speech is something which archaeology can hardly determine .
whether , as many prehistorians suspect , the upper palaeolithic was a time of notable progress in [express/say] speech is something which archaeology can hardly determine .

The regime attempted to impose narrow restrictions on the ability of the different classes and groups within society to organize and articulate their aspirations .
the regime attempted to impose narrow restrictions on the ability of the different classes and groups within society to organize and [express/say] their aspirations .

As different strata of the educated public became conscious of belonging to a substantial and articulate body of opinion , ‘ society 's ’ self-confidence grew .
as different strata of the educated public became conscious of belonging to a substantial and [express/say] body of opinion , ‘ society 's ’ self-confidence grew .

The most skilled and literate combined the keenest sense of grievance with the ability to articulate their aspirations .
the most skilled and literate combined the keenest sense of grievance with the ability to [express/say] their aspirations .

Moreover , their ability to make sense of the workers ' predicament and articulate their grievances played an important part in mobilizing less sophisticated ranks .
moreover , their ability to make sense of the workers ' predicament and [express/say] their grievances played an important part in mobilizing less sophisticated ranks .

Young , ebullient and articulate , the student world became highly conducive to the free flow of new ideas and encouraged a disregard for differences in social origin , an egalitarian sense of solidarity quite unlike the stratified society outside .
young , ebullient and [express/say] , the student world became highly conducive to the free flow of new ideas and encouraged a disregard for differences in social origin , an egalitarian sense of solidarity quite unlike the stratified society outside .

They helped to propagate a language through which the working class could articulate their frustrations ; they provided radical literature , leaflets and newspapers ; they furnished agitators with greater financial means and mobility than those drawn from the working class ; and they took a lead in establishing underground organizations able to build links between workers in different factories and cities and to survive recurrent police assaults .
they helped to propagate a language through which the working class could [express/say] their frustrations ; they provided radical literature , leaflets and newspapers ; they furnished agitators with greater financial means and mobility than those drawn from the working class ; and they took a lead in establishing underground organizations able to build links between workers in different factories and cities and to survive recurrent police assaults .

Earlier in the decade ‘ propaganda ’ among a few chosen workers had been rejected in favour of mass agitation as revolutionaries found they could articulate the detailed grievances of workers in specific factories and print them in agitational leaflets .
earlier in the decade ‘ propaganda ’ among a few chosen workers had been rejected in favour of mass agitation as revolutionaries found they could [express/say] the detailed grievances of workers in specific factories and print them in agitational leaflets .

But in practice , as we have seen , courts have enjoyed a considerable degree of autonomy thanks to the failure of successive governments over the years to develop an overall sentencing policy of their own , or even to articulate a coherent set of principles from which a jurisprudence of sentencing might emerge .
but in practice , as we have seen , courts have enjoyed a considerable degree of autonomy thanks to the failure of successive governments over the years to develop an overall sentencing policy of their own , or even to [express/say] a coherent set of principles from which a jurisprudence of sentencing might emerge .

The financial hardship of the disabled has recently aroused considerable protest , particularly from among the more articulate of the disabled themselves .
the financial hardship of the disabled has recently aroused considerable protest , particularly from among the more [express/say] of the disabled themselves .

‘ And ? ’ said John , surprised that the usually articulate Comfort should phrase her approval in such pedestrian words .
‘ and ? ’ said john , surprised that the usually [express/say] comfort should phrase her approval in such pedestrian words .

He explained that the description `` dumb `` had been omitted from the title to enable him to embrace within the scope of his review all deaf persons of distinction , whether they had continued dumb or had been enabled to articulate with any degree of facility .
he explained that the description `` dumb `` had been omitted from the title to enable him to embrace within the scope of his review all deaf persons of distinction , whether they had continued dumb or had been enabled to [express/say] with any degree of facility .

Despite this inauspicious start he became an educated and articulate person who occasionally had to remind his company that he never heard a voice , not even his own .
despite this inauspicious start he became an educated and [express/say] person who occasionally had to remind his company that he never heard a voice , not even his own .

Although responders may be biased towards independent , articulate individuals in employment , unemployed people may have had more time to reply , and this is supported by a higher response rate among women , who had a lower employment rate .
although responders may be biased towards independent , [express/say] individuals in employment , unemployed people may have had more time to reply , and this is supported by a higher response rate among women , who had a lower employment rate .

If children do their own drawing , it can form the basis of a useful discussion between the teacher and the child , with the teacher helping to articulate his or her ideas .
if children do their own drawing , it can form the basis of a useful discussion between the teacher and the child , with the teacher helping to [express/say] his or her ideas .

Articulate , easy to be with ; filled with ideas and knowledge ; nor could anyone say that they were a bad-looking lot , the young men got their sun-burn , the girls were pretty and well-turned out .
[express/say] , easy to be with ; filled with ideas and knowledge ; nor could anyone say that they were a bad-looking lot , the young men got their sun-burn , the girls were pretty and well-turned out .

The theory which they comprise is an attempt to articulate the feeling that , for a belief to be knowledge , it must be peculiarly sensitive to the truth of the proposition believed ; it must track the truth ( Nozick 's term ) in the sense that if the proposition were in changed circumstances still true , it would still be believed , and if it were not true , it would not .
the theory which they comprise is an attempt to [express/say] the feeling that , for a belief to be knowledge , it must be peculiarly sensitive to the truth of the proposition believed ; it must track the truth ( nozick 's term ) in the sense that if the proposition were in changed circumstances still true , it would still be believed , and if it were not true , it would not .

But it seemed more primitive , less articulate than that .
but it seemed more primitive , less [express/say] than that .

‘ But , to articulate the apparent principle underlying the section more precisely it is surely envisaged in each of the five cases where the section authorises refunds of amounts paid in respect of rates which would otherwise be irrecoverable that the ratepayer who has paid rates in compliance with a demand note which he might have successfully resisted may appropriately be relieved of the consequences of his oversight .
‘ but , to [express/say] the apparent principle underlying the section more precisely it is surely envisaged in each of the five cases where the section authorises refunds of amounts paid in respect of rates which would otherwise be irrecoverable that the ratepayer who has paid rates in compliance with a demand note which he might have successfully resisted may appropriately be relieved of the consequences of his oversight .

Jo 's pioneering work has changed the way people view their own worlds , and articulate their own experiences .
jo 's pioneering work has changed the way people view their own worlds , and [express/say] their own experiences .

Not only does he enable us to cry ‘ Abba ’ with the joyous obedience and trust of newly adopted members of the family ; not only does he enable us to pray and articulate words of the prayer that Jesus taught us .
not only does he enable us to cry ‘ abba ’ with the joyous obedience and trust of newly adopted members of the family ; not only does he enable us to pray and [express/say] words of the prayer that jesus taught us .

For their part , interest groups assumed a rather more modest role in that they were content to `` articulate `` a single interest and policy .
for their part , interest groups assumed a rather more modest role in that they were content to `` [express/say] `` a single interest and policy .

Gone is their habit of rounding off the edges — The Tambourines now make them as jagged as possible ; aggressive , articulate and brain blastingly loud .
gone is their habit of rounding off the edges — the tambourines now make them as jagged as possible ; aggressive , [express/say] and brain blastingly loud .

Time and again the complaint from articulate working class women 's groups about husbands was not of ill-treatment or economic neglect , but rather of lack of sympathy and understanding .
time and again the complaint from [express/say] working class women 's groups about husbands was not of ill-treatment or economic neglect , but rather of lack of sympathy and understanding .

Articulate women , anxious to lead purposeful lives , found it impossible to dismiss the idea , supported as it was by scientific theories of sexual difference , that their proper place was in the home .
[express/say] women , anxious to lead purposeful lives , found it impossible to dismiss the idea , supported as it was by scientific theories of sexual difference , that their proper place was in the home .

Role Prescriptions and the Articulate Woman 's Response
role prescriptions and the [express/say] woman 's response

The United States courts normally do not articulate the reasons why they are using one approach rather than another .
the united states courts normally do not [express/say] the reasons why they are using one approach rather than another .

He had been very fluent and articulate .
he had been very fluent and [express/say] .

But while her novels of this period — The Languages of Love ( 1957 ) , The Sycamore Tree , ( 1958 ) , The Dear Deceit , ( 1960 ) , and The Middlemen ( 1961 ) — are in many respects typical products of their generation , they raise a number of issues which it was not possible to articulate within the parameters of the contemporary debate .
but while her novels of this period — the languages of love ( 1957 ) , the sycamore tree , ( 1958 ) , the dear deceit , ( 1960 ) , and the middlemen ( 1961 ) — are in many respects typical products of their generation , they raise a number of issues which it was not possible to [express/say] within the parameters of the contemporary debate .

In a recent essay she claims to have had a strong sense of déjá-vu upon first reading theories of post-structuralism and postmodernism , for though she had never been able to articulate them clearly in conceptual form , she had discovered many of the concepts these theories present through writing fiction ( 1991a:165 ) .
in a recent essay she claims to have had a strong sense of déjá-vu upon first reading theories of post-structuralism and postmodernism , for though she had never been able to [express/say] them clearly in conceptual form , she had discovered many of the concepts these theories present through writing fiction ( 1991a:165 ) .

The relationship between Jacques and his Master is founded on a tacit agreement that the roles they occupy are the reverse of what they appear to be , but when Jacques tries to articulate this he risks losing his power which depends on its going unacknowledged .
the relationship between jacques and his master is founded on a tacit agreement that the roles they occupy are the reverse of what they appear to be , but when jacques tries to [express/say] this he risks losing his power which depends on its going unacknowledged .

Scruton offers us an articulate perspective on the attractions of conservatism for those who , fearing social change and the future , try to hold firmly onto the past .
scruton offers us an [express/say] perspective on the attractions of conservatism for those who , fearing social change and the future , try to hold firmly onto the past .

Are you articulate ?
are you [express/say] ?

The latest boardgame to hit the market , Articulate , requires not only general knowledge but also an ability to verbalise .
the latest boardgame to hit the market , [express/say] , requires not only general knowledge but also an ability to verbalise .

The idea was conceived in a Supertravel chalet and for this season anyone staying at selected Supertravel , Bladon Lines and Ski West chalets will be able to play Articulate .
the idea was conceived in a supertravel chalet and for this season anyone staying at selected supertravel , bladon lines and ski west chalets will be able to play [express/say] .

It is difficult to see how any of the dramatic problems of the modern world thrown up by the exhaustion of Fordism — can be solved unless there is some sort of co-operation among major and lesser powers and some sort of political involvement of those groups and movements that articulate concern about these global problems .
it is difficult to see how any of the dramatic problems of the modern world thrown up by the exhaustion of fordism — can be solved unless there is some sort of co-operation among major and lesser powers and some sort of political involvement of those groups and movements that [express/say] concern about these global problems .

What he can not do , of course , is articulate clearly his true reasons of state , reasons which make perfect sense in an administration context and obey all the rules of realpolitik , including the rule that you should have God on your side .
what he can not do , of course , is [express/say] clearly his true reasons of state , reasons which make perfect sense in an administration context and obey all the rules of realpolitik , including the rule that you should have god on your side .

‘ She may be articulate but feel upset that she can not do justice to herself .
‘ she may be [express/say] but feel upset that she can not do justice to herself .

Muted sounds emerged between his tearing sobs , but no more articulate words .
muted sounds emerged between his tearing sobs , but no more [express/say] words .

But they were alarmed to discover that sanitarians had been displaced by a new force in sexual politics : the militant voice of articulate middle-class women who pointed to men as the root cause of immorality .
but they were alarmed to discover that sanitarians had been displaced by a new force in sexual politics : the militant voice of [express/say] middle-class women who pointed to men as the root cause of immorality .

In the same way , attempts by a small but highly articulate pressure group around the journal Nature , founded in 1869 to argue for the social utility of scientific research , gained only limited success .
in the same way , attempts by a small but highly [express/say] pressure group around the journal nature , founded in 1869 to argue for the social utility of scientific research , gained only limited success .

It is intended to articulate , and to challenge , explanations in terms of deficit and difference , and to illustrate some of the ways in which the social realities of the classroom , and the learning opportunities in it are contingent on classroom interaction having language as its principal though not , of course , its only realisation .
it is intended to [express/say] , and to challenge , explanations in terms of deficit and difference , and to illustrate some of the ways in which the social realities of the classroom , and the learning opportunities in it are contingent on classroom interaction having language as its principal though not , of course , its only realisation .

Political change helped to articulate the drive for reform .
political change helped to [express/say] the drive for reform .

Moreover , the lack of precision and the subtlety of the overall vision of the city development strategy , as Holford outlined , was not all that easy to articulate either , or to communicate to others with conviction ( Cherry and Penny , 1986 ) .
moreover , the lack of precision and the subtlety of the overall vision of the city development strategy , as holford outlined , was not all that easy to [express/say] either , or to communicate to others with conviction ( cherry and penny , 1986 ) .

It might be countered that that is because the Oxbridge graduate has more to offer in social ‘ maturity ’ , in interpersonal skills , in self-confidence , and in being articulate .
it might be countered that that is because the oxbridge graduate has more to offer in social ‘ maturity ’ , in interpersonal skills , in self-confidence , and in being [express/say] .

It misses the point that being an effective teacher , leading students to a measure of intellectual and professional independence such that they are able to articulate with others their own viewpoint , is a major achievement .
it misses the point that being an effective teacher , leading students to a measure of intellectual and professional independence such that they are able to [express/say] with others their own viewpoint , is a major achievement .

For that reason , the model adopted in medical education where the student is continually asked to articulate his or her experience and give reasons for acting in a certain way is particularly valuable .
for that reason , the model adopted in medical education where the student is continually asked to [express/say] his or her experience and give reasons for acting in a certain way is particularly valuable .

But if students are to be encouraged to weigh things up for themselves , to form their own views , and to articulate them with their own reasons , then it is also incumbent on their lecturers and tutors to offer their own truth claims to their students in the spirit of ‘ this is so , is n't it ?
but if students are to be encouraged to weigh things up for themselves , to form their own views , and to [express/say] them with their own reasons , then it is also incumbent on their lecturers and tutors to offer their own truth claims to their students in the spirit of ‘ this is so , is n't it ?

For example , both student teachers and student nurses are being expected to spend more time in the professional setting , and are being encouraged to appraise their own actions and to be explicit and articulate about what they are doing and why .
for example , both student teachers and student nurses are being expected to spend more time in the professional setting , and are being encouraged to appraise their own actions and to be explicit and [express/say] about what they are doing and why .

For an engineer , Bald was a prolific and articulate writer and speaker , alive to the socio-economic context of his profession .
for an engineer , bald was a prolific and [express/say] writer and speaker , alive to the socio-economic context of his profession .

Despite this , though , Garway continued to articulate suspicions of the court .
despite this , though , garway continued to [express/say] suspicions of the court .

It is not difficult to see from Salmon 's publications why more orthodox contemporaries saw atheistical or extreme heretical ideas in them , although his four pamphlets , which were read widely in radical religious circles , were really a highly personal attempt to articulate a nearly inexpressible sense of union with the divine .
it is not difficult to see from salmon 's publications why more orthodox contemporaries saw atheistical or extreme heretical ideas in them , although his four pamphlets , which were read widely in radical religious circles , were really a highly personal attempt to [express/say] a nearly inexpressible sense of union with the divine .

During these years , when social and educational policy became important concerns of colonial administration in Africa , he emerged as an articulate spokesman of what might be called ‘ the progressive missionary outlook ’ .
during these years , when social and educational policy became important concerns of colonial administration in africa , he emerged as an [express/say] spokesman of what might be called ‘ the progressive missionary outlook ’ .

Handsome and articulate , a keen patriot , he was greatly liked on both sides of the Atlantic .
handsome and [express/say] , a keen patriot , he was greatly liked on both sides of the atlantic .

Furthermore , spontaneous speech , even in the most articulate speakers , is filled with hesitations ( during which speakers say such things as ‘ er ’ and ‘ um ’ , or repeat a word or syllable ) and silences .
furthermore , spontaneous speech , even in the most [express/say] speakers , is filled with hesitations ( during which speakers say such things as ‘ er ’ and ‘ um ’ , or repeat a word or syllable ) and silences .

If the care programme approach is adopted by user and carer interests it could be used to articulate the needs of consumers with mental health problems and express these to commissioners or planners .
if the care programme approach is adopted by user and carer interests it could be used to [express/say] the needs of consumers with mental health problems and express these to commissioners or planners .

Moreover , ‘ images articulate meaning and desire ’ in a way that words or ‘ utterances ’ do not .
moreover , ‘ images [express/say] meaning and desire ’ in a way that words or ‘ utterances ’ do not .

The need to maintain simplicity in any pricing system , that does not distort but helps articulate the assessment process .
the need to maintain simplicity in any pricing system , that does not distort but helps [express/say] the assessment process .

the teacher must strive to create a non-threatening atmosphere in which the pupil can articulate fear , disagreement and possible rejection of previously held beliefs , and still feel valued and accepted as a person .
the teacher must strive to create a non-threatening atmosphere in which the pupil can [express/say] fear , disagreement and possible rejection of previously held beliefs , and still feel valued and accepted as a person .

The programme materials provide for school communities up-to-date information on church teachings ; suggested criteria of exemplary practice ( whilst allowing the school community to recognise and articulate its own good practice ) ; school profile pro-forma ; and suggestions for action planning and implementation .
the programme materials provide for school communities up-to-date information on church teachings ; suggested criteria of exemplary practice ( whilst allowing the school community to recognise and [express/say] its own good practice ) ; school profile pro-forma ; and suggestions for action planning and implementation .

In turn the profession would articulate philosophy and justify efforts and achievements with confidence to the wider community .
in turn the profession would [express/say] philosophy and justify efforts and achievements with confidence to the wider community .

Politically , it was the product of a desire for Western European unity , and its ideals were shaped by the need to have some legal bulwark against a resurgence of fascism , and by a wish to articulate those civil rights which seemed threatened by communist regimes in Eastern Europe .
politically , it was the product of a desire for western european unity , and its ideals were shaped by the need to have some legal bulwark against a resurgence of fascism , and by a wish to [express/say] those civil rights which seemed threatened by communist regimes in eastern europe .

It 's an invigorating concept because it involves going out and searching for new stories , new voices , new views , the articulate in the community as well as those who have no voice .
it 's an invigorating concept because it involves going out and searching for new stories , new voices , new views , the [express/say] in the community as well as those who have no voice .

‘ Though you 're extremely articulate , ’ he continued .
‘ though you 're extremely [express/say] , ’ he continued .

Among articulate and educated persons in 1860 these were a distinct minority .
among [express/say] and educated persons in 1860 these were a distinct minority .

In general , clients are known not to be able to articulate all their requirements and expectations .
in general , clients are known not to be able to [express/say] all their requirements and expectations .

2 There exists considerable evidence that clients are not able to articulate all their needs and expectations at the system specification stage .
2 there exists considerable evidence that clients are not able to [express/say] all their needs and expectations at the system specification stage .

… `` what many feel , touch upon , but hardly articulate … `` design `` as a term which is a noun and a verb , and also one which denotes a form of representation , an activity , a practice , a product etc etc at one and the same time … ie design as a priori a social activity unable to be undertaken without having social implications .
… `` what many feel , touch upon , but hardly [express/say] … `` design `` as a term which is a noun and a verb , and also one which denotes a form of representation , an activity , a practice , a product etc etc at one and the same time … ie design as a priori a social activity unable to be undertaken without having social implications .

In Poitou they are tough and warlike , skilled with lances and bows and arrows , brave in the battle-line , swift in the chase , elegant in dress , handsome , articulate , generous and hospitable .
in poitou they are tough and warlike , skilled with lances and bows and arrows , brave in the battle-line , swift in the chase , elegant in dress , handsome , [express/say] , generous and hospitable .

Rather , it is to agree with his conclusion that , while for the articulate elite , like the artisans who constituted the Owenite membership of the National Union of Working Classes and Others and who debated reform at the London Rotunda , the kind of reform they wanted — annual parliaments , universal suffrage and the ballot — was just what Grey expressly denied .
rather , it is to agree with his conclusion that , while for the [express/say] elite , like the artisans who constituted the owenite membership of the national union of working classes and others and who debated reform at the london rotunda , the kind of reform they wanted — annual parliaments , universal suffrage and the ballot — was just what grey expressly denied .

And by William Lovett , remember : one of that articulate elite which attended the debates at the Rotunda ; one who , knowing full well how partial , minimal and divisive the Whigs ' proposals were , was compelled by the polarisation of opinion they induced to a course of action contributing much to the great flood of support for them ; one who was a founder of the Chartist Movement formed in the wake of the Reform Act .
and by william lovett , remember : one of that [express/say] elite which attended the debates at the rotunda ; one who , knowing full well how partial , minimal and divisive the whigs ' proposals were , was compelled by the polarisation of opinion they induced to a course of action contributing much to the great flood of support for them ; one who was a founder of the chartist movement formed in the wake of the reform act .

Clever , witty and articulate , he came from the intellectual elite which McCarthy so effectively attacked as responsible for many of America 's problems .
clever , witty and [express/say] , he came from the intellectual elite which mccarthy so effectively attacked as responsible for many of america 's problems .

Teachers articulate purpose Such developments as we have outlined have caused a distinct uneasiness among some British teachers .
teachers [express/say] purpose such developments as we have outlined have caused a distinct uneasiness among some british teachers .

Thus the title of this section is `` Teachers articulate purpose `` .
thus the title of this section is `` teachers [express/say] purpose `` .

If teachers are , as we saw , to `` articulate purpose `` , they must know what purposes are possible and what is involved in putting them into effect .
if teachers are , as we saw , to `` [express/say] purpose `` , they must know what purposes are possible and what is involved in putting them into effect .

Some of these skills are essentially verbal : the ability to articulate one 's need , to understand expositions of the subject-matter in written or spoken form , to make notes and in due course write reports , essays and synopses , and so on .
some of these skills are essentially verbal : the ability to [express/say] one 's need , to understand expositions of the subject-matter in written or spoken form , to make notes and in due course write reports , essays and synopses , and so on .

The ability to use library catalogues , both subject and author , including the important ability to articulate one 's subject interest in specific terms and to be aware of possible synonyms and related subjects .
the ability to use library catalogues , both subject and author , including the important ability to [express/say] one 's subject interest in specific terms and to be aware of possible synonyms and related subjects .

His strategy was rather to canalize the enthusiasm of the diehards into party channels , to articulate their views , and to create unity from the sense of movement .
his strategy was rather to canalize the enthusiasm of the diehards into party channels , to [express/say] their views , and to create unity from the sense of movement .

In the person of the ( non-academic ) Henry Newbolt , who subsequently was to chair the Departmental Committee , it found a figure who could articulate many of the themes to which both the fledgling discipline and the Association itself adhered .
in the person of the ( non-academic ) henry newbolt , who subsequently was to chair the departmental committee , it found a figure who could [express/say] many of the themes to which both the fledgling discipline and the association itself adhered .

My argument here is that the recent emphasis on flexibility has generated pluralist consensus within English which represents a further refusal to articulate an underlying basis and a clear set of aims and principles for the discipline ; and that this refusal , when understood in relation to the appropriation by the new right of the residues of the humanist programme , forms a significant characteristic of the continuing crisis in English studies .
my argument here is that the recent emphasis on flexibility has generated pluralist consensus within english which represents a further refusal to [express/say] an underlying basis and a clear set of aims and principles for the discipline ; and that this refusal , when understood in relation to the appropriation by the new right of the residues of the humanist programme , forms a significant characteristic of the continuing crisis in english studies .

‘ Deano ’ is England potential , one of the new highly-educated and articulate young pros due far more remuneration than county cricket can provide .
‘ deano ’ is england potential , one of the new highly-educated and [express/say] young pros due far more remuneration than county cricket can provide .

Hence they will not substitute their views as to the proper management of a company but they are prepared to articulate standards of review which are designed to catch self-dealing on the part of managers .
hence they will not substitute their views as to the proper management of a company but they are prepared to [express/say] standards of review which are designed to catch self-dealing on the part of managers .

Within the company the power of the managers is legitimated because they are seen simply to help formulate , articulate and execute the common purpose of shareholders , creditors , employees and the community .
within the company the power of the managers is legitimated because they are seen simply to help formulate , [express/say] and execute the common purpose of shareholders , creditors , employees and the community .

If it is to be successful in this objective it needs to articulate much more clearly the rival communitarian philosophy which one senses underpins its practical proposals .
if it is to be successful in this objective it needs to [express/say] much more clearly the rival communitarian philosophy which one senses underpins its practical proposals .

These are usually otherwise quite finely woven workshop rugs in which the weaver , to save time and money , has employed jufti knots on the single coloured , unpatterned areas where a high knot-count is not necessary to articulate the design .
these are usually otherwise quite finely woven workshop rugs in which the weaver , to save time and money , has employed jufti knots on the single coloured , unpatterned areas where a high knot-count is not necessary to [express/say] the design .

The former employed more classically Chinese designs and often limited their palette to blues and cream ( Suiyuan rugs are noted for using only different shades of blue to articulate an entire design ) .
the former employed more classically chinese designs and often limited their palette to blues and cream ( suiyuan rugs are noted for using only different shades of blue to [express/say] an entire design ) .

His historical conclusions also articulate closely with the empirical research of recent social historians , particularly those influenced by feminism and the radical sexual movements .
his historical conclusions also [express/say] closely with the empirical research of recent social historians , particularly those influenced by feminism and the radical sexual movements .

But the prime task of the new ideology of home and the family was less to influence others than to articulate the class feelings and experiences of the bourgeoisie itself .
but the prime task of the new ideology of home and the family was less to influence others than to [express/say] the class feelings and experiences of the bourgeoisie itself .

By 1966 when Reagan ran for the governorship of California , he was not simply a novice with little to offer except an agreeable manner and celebrity status ; he was rather a widely experienced and articulate political animal with many of the attributes necessary for success in American politics in the late twentieth century .
by 1966 when reagan ran for the governorship of california , he was not simply a novice with little to offer except an agreeable manner and celebrity status ; he was rather a widely experienced and [express/say] political animal with many of the attributes necessary for success in american politics in the late twentieth century .

His philosophy was sound , but he did n't articulate it moderately .
his philosophy was sound , but he did n't [express/say] it moderately .

Yet not only was the urban population rapidly increasing , it was becoming ever more complex and articulate .
yet not only was the urban population rapidly increasing , it was becoming ever more complex and [express/say] .

Young , ebullient , and articulate , the student world was uniquely conducive to the free flow of new ideas and encouraged a disregard for differences in social origin , an egalitarian sense of solidarity quite unlike the stratified society outside .
young , ebullient , and [express/say] , the student world was uniquely conducive to the free flow of new ideas and encouraged a disregard for differences in social origin , an egalitarian sense of solidarity quite unlike the stratified society outside .

Without the roots of extensive planning ‘ these developments did not add up to an articulate challenge to the restoration of bourgeois rule in Japan ’ ( Armstrong , Glynn and Harrison 1984 p.39 ) .
without the roots of extensive planning ‘ these developments did not add up to an [express/say] challenge to the restoration of bourgeois rule in japan ’ ( armstrong , glynn and harrison 1984 p.39 ) .

It was the historic moment when the rule of the people , the idea of democracy , was seen as the only legitimate form of government and as the key to sweeping away the rule of individual despots and arrogant oligarchies , and when articulate voices were not afraid to proclaim their faith in the virtues and good judgement of the people as a whole .
it was the historic moment when the rule of the people , the idea of democracy , was seen as the only legitimate form of government and as the key to sweeping away the rule of individual despots and arrogant oligarchies , and when [express/say] voices were not afraid to proclaim their faith in the virtues and good judgement of the people as a whole .

Under the influence of a variety of thinkers including Thomas Carlyle , Saint Simon and Tocqueville , the younger Mill came to share and articulate the doubts felt about democracy by so many nineteenth-century liberals .
under the influence of a variety of thinkers including thomas carlyle , saint simon and tocqueville , the younger mill came to share and [express/say] the doubts felt about democracy by so many nineteenth-century liberals .

Some interviewees were n't naturally articulate , of course .
some interviewees were n't naturally [express/say] , of course .

They may well have to take detailed briefings and relay them to the creative department , so memory and an articulate mind are essential .
they may well have to take detailed briefings and relay them to the creative department , so memory and an [express/say] mind are essential .

Then , she would trot out an array of fresh , original ideas backed up by a parade of articulate , intelligent and experienced public relations women .
then , she would trot out an array of fresh , original ideas backed up by a parade of [express/say] , intelligent and experienced public relations women .

If you want to be successful in public relations you must be literate , articulate and numerate and have a flair with words .
if you want to be successful in public relations you must be literate , [express/say] and numerate and have a flair with words .

The alternative fan networks continue to provide an articulate and powerful voice for supporters .
the alternative fan networks continue to provide an [express/say] and powerful voice for supporters .

Even if a voice with darker timbres might ideally be preferable , the touch of shrillness in the upper register is well compensated for by her ability to shape the wide-ranging lines and articulate ( with only rare hints of less than perfect German vowels ) the allusive texts .
even if a voice with darker timbres might ideally be preferable , the touch of shrillness in the upper register is well compensated for by her ability to shape the wide-ranging lines and [express/say] ( with only rare hints of less than perfect german vowels ) the allusive texts .

Some people speak , and write , through a blur of adjectives as if they secretly knew that at heart of their hackneyed attempts to articulate is nothing .
some people speak , and write , through a blur of adjectives as if they secretly knew that at heart of their hackneyed attempts to [express/say] is nothing .

To articulate a sense of loss in song is indeed difficult , but ‘ Song For Stephen ’ manages to do this without descending into mawkishness .
to [express/say] a sense of loss in song is indeed difficult , but ‘ song for stephen ’ manages to do this without descending into mawkishness .

But his contemporaries were impressed by a literate and articulate sixteen-year-old , his political views formed and matured in the Irish conflict .
but his contemporaries were impressed by a literate and [express/say] sixteen-year-old , his political views formed and matured in the irish conflict .

Because he was literate and articulate , he showed a bitter contempt for the self-appointed intellectuals of the inter-war years .
because he was literate and [express/say] , he showed a bitter contempt for the self-appointed intellectuals of the inter-war years .

Typically sparked off by what might have been seen as an unfair arrest or an arbitrary use of police power , resistance to arrest on this scale was such an entirely , common feature of working-class life before the Great War that it constitutes the most articulate demolition of the myths of deep-rooted popular respect for law and authority in England .
typically sparked off by what might have been seen as an unfair arrest or an arbitrary use of police power , resistance to arrest on this scale was such an entirely , common feature of working-class life before the great war that it constitutes the most [express/say] demolition of the myths of deep-rooted popular respect for law and authority in england .

You see , the hierarchy in this diocese is n't traditionalist at all , in the sense that London or Chichester or Truro are , and sometimes the more articulate clergy here find the laity almost over traditional .
you see , the hierarchy in this diocese is n't traditionalist at all , in the sense that london or chichester or truro are , and sometimes the more [express/say] clergy here find the laity almost over traditional .

Because facts do not speak for themselves , analysts need a ‘ pre-theory ’ or conceptual apparatus to articulate their significance .
because facts do not speak for themselves , analysts need a ‘ pre-theory ’ or conceptual apparatus to [express/say] their significance .

But the court declined to articulate specific rules to guide the ‘ delicate task of adjudication ’ .
but the court declined to [express/say] specific rules to guide the ‘ delicate task of adjudication ’ .

The literal reader might suggest that an articulate and stylistic expression of doubt in this vein is unlikely on a dismasted ship wallowing in stormy seas — might , that is , if Masefield 's story telling did not preclude such comment .
the literal reader might suggest that an [express/say] and stylistic expression of doubt in this vein is unlikely on a dismasted ship wallowing in stormy seas — might , that is , if masefield 's story telling did not preclude such comment .

But the situation was not as the newspaper led its readers to believe , that is the articulate Mr Jones and the feral flock of savages locked in primitive combat .
but the situation was not as the newspaper led its readers to believe , that is the [express/say] mr jones and the feral flock of savages locked in primitive combat .

The strongest test for the existence of a rule is the ability of a member of a group to articulate the rule .
the strongest test for the existence of a rule is the ability of a member of a group to [express/say] the rule .

In many instances , however , it would be unreasonable to expect people to be readily able to articulate the rules which guide their behaviour .
in many instances , however , it would be unreasonable to expect people to be readily able to [express/say] the rules which guide their behaviour .

They tended , however to be much less articulate than others in the Rowdies group and to possess far less social knowledge .
they tended , however to be much less [express/say] than others in the rowdies group and to possess far less social knowledge .

‘ Articulate thought ’ , in Lévi-Strauss 's sense language and intellect , follow on from this basic event of a bio-psychological character .
‘ [express/say] thought ’ , in lévi-strauss 's sense language and intellect , follow on from this basic event of a bio-psychological character .

We may too readily have mocked the Tory ladies in their funny hats advocating primitive retribution , for what the socialist movement has not registered is that these ladies articulate a collective fear which women share .
we may too readily have mocked the tory ladies in their funny hats advocating primitive retribution , for what the socialist movement has not registered is that these ladies [express/say] a collective fear which women share .

articulate with other provisions e.g. National Certificate , degree programmes , the provision of professional bodies and industry/commerce ;
[express/say] with other provisions e.g. national certificate , degree programmes , the provision of professional bodies and industry/commerce ;

Panel members said that , when awards were intended to articulate with degrees , a copy of the degree course documentation or a diagram indicating clearly the scope and nature of articulation would have been helpful .
panel members said that , when awards were intended to [express/say] with degrees , a copy of the degree course documentation or a diagram indicating clearly the scope and nature of articulation would have been helpful .

The articulate published in the February/March edition of Hospitality on Breaking Even , has created considerable reader interest .
the [express/say] published in the february/march edition of hospitality on breaking even , has created considerable reader interest .

It depicts the killer Dr. Hannibal Lecter as a genius who displays all the characteristics of a psychopath : he is civilised , articulate , manipulative , proud of his intellectual superiority and teasingly sarcastic .
it depicts the killer dr. hannibal lecter as a genius who displays all the characteristics of a psychopath : he is civilised , [express/say] , manipulative , proud of his intellectual superiority and teasingly sarcastic .

There was a question on her lips she could not articulate .
there was a question on her lips she could not [express/say] .

… the increasingly articulate demand of society , voiced by parents , employers , politicians and the students themselves is for just this wider service — wider in aims , wider in curriculum and wider in access .
… the increasingly [express/say] demand of society , voiced by parents , employers , politicians and the students themselves is for just this wider service — wider in aims , wider in curriculum and wider in access .

One consequence of subsistence on a gelada-like diet is that , as Jolly puts it , ‘ a chewing apparatus of the hominid type might be expected to include a thick , muscular , mobile tongue , accommodated in a large oral cavity … also , incidentally , providing preadaptations to articulate speech .
one consequence of subsistence on a gelada-like diet is that , as jolly puts it , ‘ a chewing apparatus of the hominid type might be expected to include a thick , muscular , mobile tongue , accommodated in a large oral cavity … also , incidentally , providing preadaptations to [express/say] speech .

’ The significance of language for the later development of the ego can hardly be underestimated ; indeed , there is little doubt that , had articulate speech not evolved , modern ego-functions would not have developed as they did and self-awareness , rational thought and social evolution would all have been greatly inhibited in their development in our species .
’ the significance of language for the later development of the ego can hardly be underestimated ; indeed , there is little doubt that , had [express/say] speech not evolved , modern ego-functions would not have developed as they did and self-awareness , rational thought and social evolution would all have been greatly inhibited in their development in our species .

Interest groups articulate the demands of sectional groups in society , and public policy responds to these pressures to the virtual exclusion of elected assemblies ( though traditional principles of representation may remain operative at sub-national levels and for purposes of legitimation ) .
interest groups [express/say] the demands of sectional groups in society , and public policy responds to these pressures to the virtual exclusion of elected assemblies ( though traditional principles of representation may remain operative at sub-national levels and for purposes of legitimation ) .

This in turn is dependent on a well-developed and self-contained bureaucracy which can articulate a conception of the public interest .
this in turn is dependent on a well-developed and self-contained bureaucracy which can [express/say] a conception of the public interest .

In each village and manor local men filled such offices as bailiff , and the holders of these positions were presumably the more articulate members of the community — inglorious the peasants may have been , but there is no need to regard this as synonymous with mute .
in each village and manor local men filled such offices as bailiff , and the holders of these positions were presumably the more [express/say] members of the community — inglorious the peasants may have been , but there is no need to regard this as synonymous with mute .

William Grindcob at St Albans and Geoffrey Litster in East Norfolk were local leaders as able and articulate as Tyler in Kent and London , and all seem to have had a capacity to maintain discipline .
william grindcob at st albans and geoffrey litster in east norfolk were local leaders as able and [express/say] as tyler in kent and london , and all seem to have had a capacity to maintain discipline .

It is clear from this that periods when enclosure was taking place do not necessarily correspond with those when articulate protests were being voiced against them .
it is clear from this that periods when enclosure was taking place do not necessarily correspond with those when [express/say] protests were being voiced against them .

Gone is their habit of rounding off the edges — The Tambourines now make them as jagged as possible ; aggressive , articulate and brain blastingly loud .
gone is their habit of rounding off the edges — the tambourines now make them as jagged as possible ; aggressive , [express/say] and brain blastingly loud .

By the 1870s the Primitives were strongly associated with agricultural trade unionism and the pulpit offered many an articulate labourer his first chance at public speaking .
by the 1870s the primitives were strongly associated with agricultural trade unionism and the pulpit offered many an [express/say] labourer his first chance at public speaking .

Unlike the common stereotypes , victims of racial harassment are not illiterate Black women unable to articulate their complaints .
unlike the common stereotypes , victims of racial harassment are not illiterate black women unable to [express/say] their complaints .

No one could actually articulate how heteros got ’ privileges ’ from lesbian oppression , nor could anyone define a ’ liberated ’ sexuality , away from capitalist oppression , nor state the differences between women's/lesbian oppression .
no one could actually [express/say] how heteros got ’ privileges ’ from lesbian oppression , nor could anyone define a ’ liberated ’ sexuality , away from capitalist oppression , nor state the differences between women's/lesbian oppression .

To develop understanding of the articulate use of space .
to develop understanding of the [express/say] use of space .

One of the criticisms sometimes levelled at the whole group drama approach is that it always seems to involve lots of meetings and discussions , and that this disadvantages those children whose grasp of language is uncertain ; that this " type " of drama can rapidly become nothing more than a heated discussion involving only the teacher and the more articulate members of the class .
one of the criticisms sometimes levelled at the whole group drama approach is that it always seems to involve lots of meetings and discussions , and that this disadvantages those children whose grasp of language is uncertain ; that this " type " of drama can rapidly become nothing more than a heated discussion involving only the teacher and the more [express/say] members of the class .

There are occasions when the strategy demands whole group discussions and it 's all too easy to be lulled into thinking the drama is going well because a group of very articulate children are thoroughly engaged in the work and able to vocalise their very imaginative ideas , while other children are left out of the real decisionmaking processes .
there are occasions when the strategy demands whole group discussions and it 's all too easy to be lulled into thinking the drama is going well because a group of very [express/say] children are thoroughly engaged in the work and able to vocalise their very imaginative ideas , while other children are left out of the real decisionmaking processes .

When involved in discussions and meetings consider the needs of the children who are less verbally articulate .
when involved in discussions and meetings consider the needs of the children who are less verbally [express/say] .

We should try to see space itself as something which can be made as articulate as verbal language .
we should try to see space itself as something which can be made as [express/say] as verbal language .

The use of games to develop articulate use of space
the use of games to develop [express/say] use of space

Discussion is only of interest to those participating in it , and many young children find it extremely difficult to articulate their ideas verbally — especially before they 've actually done what you 're talking about .
discussion is only of interest to those participating in it , and many young children find it extremely difficult to [express/say] their ideas verbally — especially before they 've actually done what you 're talking about .

Her concern that the sisters living a life of contemplative discipline should in one respect be totally unrestricted — in their access to , and possession of , books — and the fact that , evidently , the brothers of the order both encouraged and instructed them in the knowledge of theological traditions , illuminates , and is symptomatic of , the problems faced by women who wished to live out their faith and give an articulate account of their experience .
her concern that the sisters living a life of contemplative discipline should in one respect be totally unrestricted — in their access to , and possession of , books — and the fact that , evidently , the brothers of the order both encouraged and instructed them in the knowledge of theological traditions , illuminates , and is symptomatic of , the problems faced by women who wished to live out their faith and give an [express/say] account of their experience .

It is against such a background of fervent articulate piety in Europe , always presenting the Church with the challenge of potential heresy , and occasionally erupting into mass movements like the hysterically fervent white-robed flagellants who lashed themselves in hysterical penitential preparation for the Second Coming , that the English situation in the fourteenth century has to be seen .
it is against such a background of fervent [express/say] piety in europe , always presenting the church with the challenge of potential heresy , and occasionally erupting into mass movements like the hysterically fervent white-robed flagellants who lashed themselves in hysterical penitential preparation for the second coming , that the english situation in the fourteenth century has to be seen .

With both Rolle and Margery Kempe more is known precisely because both were articulate about adopting a life-style which answered to their spiritual needs .
with both rolle and margery kempe more is known precisely because both were [express/say] about adopting a life-style which answered to their spiritual needs .

His great literary achievement is to have found images and structures to convey theologically understood experience and to articulate with luminous clarity an understanding of how the Incarnation reveals a pattern in which all modes of human fulfilment are subsumed .
his great literary achievement is to have found images and structures to convey theologically understood experience and to [express/say] with luminous clarity an understanding of how the incarnation reveals a pattern in which all modes of human fulfilment are subsumed .

The aims of the proposed research project are , first , to test the adequacy of democratic theory in relation to trends toward ‘ globalisation ’ — the growth of complex interconnections and interrelations between states and societies — and , second , to develop a new framework for democratic thought which can perhaps more satisfactorily articulate the relation between national and international conditions and processes .
the aims of the proposed research project are , first , to test the adequacy of democratic theory in relation to trends toward ‘ globalisation ’ — the growth of complex interconnections and interrelations between states and societies — and , second , to develop a new framework for democratic thought which can perhaps more satisfactorily [express/say] the relation between national and international conditions and processes .

He was bright and articulate , the son of a successful doctor and a concert cellist .
he was bright and [express/say] , the son of a successful doctor and a concert cellist .

One of the most eminent practitioners of the new science — and certainly the most articulate — is Dr Walls , formerly Director of the Metropolitan Police Forensic Science Laboratory .
one of the most eminent practitioners of the new science — and certainly the most [express/say] — is dr walls , formerly director of the metropolitan police forensic science laboratory .

Although not a political animal she saw the need to speak up for the Africans ; articulate on their behalf when so often they were not given opportunity to speak for themselves . ``
although not a political animal she saw the need to speak up for the africans ; [express/say] on their behalf when so often they were not given opportunity to speak for themselves . ``

Self-interest gleamed in Dersingham 's eye , rendering him almost articulate . ‘ What about the House ? Serve food , clean up , valeting , answer the door a bit ? ’
self-interest gleamed in dersingham 's eye , rendering him almost [express/say] . ‘ what about the house ? serve food , clean up , valeting , answer the door a bit ? ’

Although he himself had not had much formal education , he was literate , well read and articulate .
although he himself had not had much formal education , he was literate , well read and [express/say] .

He also maintained his interest in collective consumption in so far as he argued that a successful urban social movement must articulate a demand for that kind of state-provided facility .
he also maintained his interest in collective consumption in so far as he argued that a successful urban social movement must [express/say] a demand for that kind of state-provided facility .

The attitude that smoking is anti-social is gaining currency among the more articulate , better educated and more aware groups in society , but the vicious corollary is that the tobacco and advertising industries must get their recruits from the lower end of the socio-economic scale .
the attitude that smoking is anti-social is gaining currency among the more [express/say] , better educated and more aware groups in society , but the vicious corollary is that the tobacco and advertising industries must get their recruits from the lower end of the socio-economic scale .

He is a well-educated and articulate man .
he is a well-educated and [express/say] man .

Deconstruction further works to demonstrate that the integrity of a text — its ability to articulate a controlled self-sufficient statement — is impossible .
deconstruction further works to demonstrate that the integrity of a text — its ability to [express/say] a controlled self-sufficient statement — is impossible .

Undoubtedly one of the most passionate and articulate of the Constitutionalists is Richard Shepherd , Member for Aldridge-Brownhills .
undoubtedly one of the most passionate and [express/say] of the constitutionalists is richard shepherd , member for aldridge-brownhills .

When William Joyce ( ‘ Lord Haw-Haw ’ ) began his revulsion felt by the British public , if the reaction was not mirthful , was due to the fact that he was , in a sense , a stranger to them by reason of his apostasy and unnatural situation and therefore he carried far less conviction than a less articulate but sincere German would have done .
when william joyce ( ‘ lord haw-haw ’ ) began his revulsion felt by the british public , if the reaction was not mirthful , was due to the fact that he was , in a sense , a stranger to them by reason of his apostasy and unnatural situation and therefore he carried far less conviction than a less [express/say] but sincere german would have done .

Words articulate our experience of things , they do not just express or reflect it ; they give form to what , without language and other sign-systems , would merely be a chaotic and undifferentiated jumble of ideas ; instead of things determining the meaning of words , words determine the meaning of things .
words [express/say] our experience of things , they do not just express or reflect it ; they give form to what , without language and other sign-systems , would merely be a chaotic and undifferentiated jumble of ideas ; instead of things determining the meaning of words , words determine the meaning of things .

Although the nineteenth-century literary historian would have acknowledged a distinction between literary scholarship and reading , the implication of much twentieth-century critical practice is that criticism is an extension of the reading process , and that the critic is simply an exemplary and particularly articulate reader .
although the nineteenth-century literary historian would have acknowledged a distinction between literary scholarship and reading , the implication of much twentieth-century critical practice is that criticism is an extension of the reading process , and that the critic is simply an exemplary and particularly [express/say] reader .

Sometimes an intervention provides a useful impetus to try to articulate what they are doing , and in the process , see things more clearly for themselves .
sometimes an intervention provides a useful impetus to try to [express/say] what they are doing , and in the process , see things more clearly for themselves .

First oval and single , then weaving as it spun , like a water-lily on a stem , then suddenly seen as articulate in separate petals , a limp magnolia flower .
first oval and single , then weaving as it spun , like a water-lily on a stem , then suddenly seen as [express/say] in separate petals , a limp magnolia flower .

Rather than just saying ‘ It 's rubbish ’ at the start , asking ‘ Why do you think that it 's rubbish ? ’ Can they be more articulate about why they feel the way they do ?
rather than just saying ‘ it 's rubbish ’ at the start , asking ‘ why do you think that it 's rubbish ? ’ can they be more [express/say] about why they feel the way they do ?

Perhaps the only genuine conclusion that can be made at this particular time of flux is that arts teachers are generally receptive to the introduction of new approaches to assessing children 's work , but only if these developments can be seen to have a positive value in helping children to be more articulate about their strengths and weaknesses , and are therefore essentially formative in character .
perhaps the only genuine conclusion that can be made at this particular time of flux is that arts teachers are generally receptive to the introduction of new approaches to assessing children 's work , but only if these developments can be seen to have a positive value in helping children to be more [express/say] about their strengths and weaknesses , and are therefore essentially formative in character .

Their prayers beside the bed were more articulate in their silences than anything that was uttered aloud .
their prayers beside the bed were more [express/say] in their silences than anything that was uttered aloud .

Forgetful of the silence which prevailed over his own most troubling experiences , he believed that direct and gentle questioning might embolden even the least articulate sufferer to speak all the grief and rage of the heart , and so dispel it .
forgetful of the silence which prevailed over his own most troubling experiences , he believed that direct and gentle questioning might embolden even the least [express/say] sufferer to speak all the grief and rage of the heart , and so dispel it .

Arthur Marwick , for example , while agreeing that the evacuation revelations aroused a new sense of social concern ‘ among an articulate few ’ , nevertheless casts doubt upon the idea that it suddenly dispelled middle-class prejudices about there being a feckless and dirty section of the working class .
arthur marwick , for example , while agreeing that the evacuation revelations aroused a new sense of social concern ‘ among an [express/say] few ’ , nevertheless casts doubt upon the idea that it suddenly dispelled middle-class prejudices about there being a feckless and dirty section of the working class .

It also encourages people to become articulate , especially through group discussion , and places great emphasis upon the basic skills .
it also encourages people to become [express/say] , especially through group discussion , and places great emphasis upon the basic skills .

They were more literate , more organised , more articulate and more regularly employed .
they were more literate , more organised , more [express/say] and more regularly employed .

Hanslick and others `` had indeed found it difficult to place Wagner 's achievements , and furthermore Wagner 's own explicit interpretation of his ideal had in recent years been shifting in an enigmatic way that impelled his articulate young admirer to offer his own clarification : here was one of those `` aesthetic problems `` which had been occupying his mind for some time .
hanslick and others `` had indeed found it difficult to place wagner 's achievements , and furthermore wagner 's own explicit interpretation of his ideal had in recent years been shifting in an enigmatic way that impelled his [express/say] young admirer to offer his own clarification : here was one of those `` aesthetic problems `` which had been occupying his mind for some time .

2 According to the organs which articulate them ( Jones 1909 ) : Alveolar Sounds articulated by the tip or blade of the tongue against the teeth ridge , eg normal /t/ .
2 according to the organs which [express/say] them ( jones 1909 ) : alveolar sounds articulated by the tip or blade of the tongue against the teeth ridge , eg normal /t/ .

3 On the other hand , classifying consonants according to the manner in which the organs articulate them , one can distinguish eight main classes ( Jones 1909 ) : Affricate Resembling a plosive but with separation of the articulating organs performed less quickly , with the resulting fricative sound during the process of separation , eg / / .
3 on the other hand , classifying consonants according to the manner in which the organs [express/say] them , one can distinguish eight main classes ( jones 1909 ) : affricate resembling a plosive but with separation of the articulating organs performed less quickly , with the resulting fricative sound during the process of separation , eg / / .

They had articulate and powerful protectors — Ingard 's own application to develop the land had been turned down , and the planning authorities were wholly capable of turning down any other application they might not like .
they had [express/say] and powerful protectors — ingard 's own application to develop the land had been turned down , and the planning authorities were wholly capable of turning down any other application they might not like .

Those who do well are the men and women who can articulate a sense of their own values , and who convey conviction .
those who do well are the men and women who can [express/say] a sense of their own values , and who convey conviction .

Thirty and more years later , those underlying attitudes persist as unthinking sympathies and antipathies far below the level of articulate rationality .
thirty and more years later , those underlying attitudes persist as unthinking sympathies and antipathies far below the level of [express/say] rationality .

Obviously different social groups have a varying ability to articulate these concerns , but there is a widely shared general notion that there is something valuable — ‘ the British way of life ’ — which would be undermined by translation into an overwhelmingly Catholic country .
obviously different social groups have a varying ability to [express/say] these concerns , but there is a widely shared general notion that there is something valuable — ‘ the british way of life ’ — which would be undermined by translation into an overwhelmingly catholic country .

But like many articulate and intelligent people , even those trained to search out the hidden structures of literature , even those who have been moved by great art or fascinated by the most remote biographical details from the lives of writers ( such as the information that Ibsen on occasion wrote with a scorpion in a jar on his desk ) , he nonetheless had little or no access to the springs of his own emotions .
but like many [express/say] and intelligent people , even those trained to search out the hidden structures of literature , even those who have been moved by great art or fascinated by the most remote biographical details from the lives of writers ( such as the information that ibsen on occasion wrote with a scorpion in a jar on his desk ) , he nonetheless had little or no access to the springs of his own emotions .

This absorption into a different community , quite other than anything he had experienced since childhood , into which he had the natural right of entry accorded by his Welsh cousins because of the tie of blood , required a few more Long Vacation visits before he could articulate its meaning for his own mature intellectual development .
this absorption into a different community , quite other than anything he had experienced since childhood , into which he had the natural right of entry accorded by his welsh cousins because of the tie of blood , required a few more long vacation visits before he could [express/say] its meaning for his own mature intellectual development .

For people already inclined to be critical of Mr Bush , it is easy to leap from saying that he can not articulate a policy to saying that he does not have one , or that such policy as he has is flawed .
for people already inclined to be critical of mr bush , it is easy to leap from saying that he can not [express/say] a policy to saying that he does not have one , or that such policy as he has is flawed .

Curators feel that much harm has been done by the museum 's failure to articulate two indisputable facts .
curators feel that much harm has been done by the museum 's failure to [express/say] two indisputable facts .

They can articulate the instincts of dissidents in the language of the academy , and suggest ideas that bridge the gap between instinct and policy .
they can [express/say] the instincts of dissidents in the language of the academy , and suggest ideas that bridge the gap between instinct and policy .

Yet his passion , untempered by Clinton 's overscripted if articulate jargon from the policy think-tanks , is touching a chord .
yet his passion , untempered by clinton 's overscripted if [express/say] jargon from the policy think-tanks , is touching a chord .

Though their long history from the early Cambrian to the present different groups of articulate brachiopods rose to prominence only to decline .
though their long history from the early cambrian to the present different groups of [express/say] brachiopods rose to prominence only to decline .

In carrying the banner for the ‘ uniqueness of the individual ’ , Brian Way has been seen as an articulate and effective militant against the authoritarian stance of traditional education .
in carrying the banner for the ‘ uniqueness of the individual ’ , brian way has been seen as an [express/say] and effective militant against the authoritarian stance of traditional education .

Between them they brought together in a hotel in Windsor the chairmen of sixty major companies in Britain and a crowd of bright , articulate members of the black community .
between them they brought together in a hotel in windsor the chairmen of sixty major companies in britain and a crowd of bright , [express/say] members of the black community .

We 're articulate enough to fool ourselves that we 're nice people , but there 's a strong undercurrent to our thinking that encourages us to view people with a disability as lesser , and until we come to terms with that , we will never have a proper support system .
we 're [express/say] enough to fool ourselves that we 're nice people , but there 's a strong undercurrent to our thinking that encourages us to view people with a disability as lesser , and until we come to terms with that , we will never have a proper support system .

While these pictures articulate the vision of directors like Alfred Hitchcock , Carol Reed , Michael Powell and David Lean , or writers like Noël Coward , Graham Greene , Emeric Pressburger and Harold Pinter , the films were made possible by production contexts that encouraged these talented individuals to engage with questions that others simply skated over .
while these pictures [express/say] the vision of directors like alfred hitchcock , carol reed , michael powell and david lean , or writers like noël coward , graham greene , emeric pressburger and harold pinter , the films were made possible by production contexts that encouraged these talented individuals to engage with questions that others simply skated over .

Made without unnecessary extravagance but containing action , spectacle and visual magic , they are films that spring out of the native culture but articulate a broad vision that can ring chords wherever they are shown .
made without unnecessary extravagance but containing action , spectacle and visual magic , they are films that spring out of the native culture but [express/say] a broad vision that can ring chords wherever they are shown .

But again it was Conlon , the slightly wild-eyed Irish poet of the quartet , articulate , flamboyant — remember that extraordinary exit through the front door of the Old Bailey — who cut deep into the collective conscience .
but again it was conlon , the slightly wild-eyed irish poet of the quartet , [express/say] , flamboyant — remember that extraordinary exit through the front door of the old bailey — who cut deep into the collective conscience .

Some artists separate their art from their lives , some are articulate about their aims , others are gruffly evasive .
some artists separate their art from their lives , some are [express/say] about their aims , others are gruffly evasive .

Delacroix 's journal is articulate , concerned with other arts as well as painting , besides containing much comment on contemporary life .
delacroix 's journal is [express/say] , concerned with other arts as well as painting , besides containing much comment on contemporary life .

The absence of punctuation is also a part of the style -but in spite of this you can sense the character struggling to articulate her thoughts clearly .
the absence of punctuation is also a part of the style -but in spite of this you can sense the character struggling to [express/say] her thoughts clearly .

Let Lucy articulate , lay herself on whatever uncomfortable line it was that she had elected to draw .
let lucy [express/say] , lay herself on whatever uncomfortable line it was that she had elected to draw .

Some more theologically articulate members of the provisional movement justify violence on traditional Roman catholic ethical grounds , the theory of the just war against the unjust oppressor .
some more theologically [express/say] members of the provisional movement justify violence on traditional roman catholic ethical grounds , the theory of the just war against the unjust oppressor .

Many of our new ‘ counter-cultural ’ deviants were articulate and presented very cogent arguments relating to their allegedly victimless ‘ crimes ’ .
many of our new ‘ counter-cultural ’ deviants were [express/say] and presented very cogent arguments relating to their allegedly victimless ‘ crimes ’ .

He is not articulate and he can hardly write .
he is not [express/say] and he can hardly write .

The articulate lyricism of Morrissey mirrors an entire lifestyle , and in doing so offers a constructive and plausible alternative way of thinking .
the [express/say] lyricism of morrissey mirrors an entire lifestyle , and in doing so offers a constructive and plausible alternative way of thinking .

Aggressive , Assertive , Cool , Sympathetic , Generous , Understanding , Determined , Knowledgeable , Memorable , Good-looking , Quick , Outgoing , Reliable , Honest , Trustworthy , Helpful , Friendly , Colourful , Warm , Beguiling , Persuasive , Genuine , Articulate , Numerate , Sincere , Hard , Thorough , Professional , Decisive .
aggressive , assertive , cool , sympathetic , generous , understanding , determined , knowledgeable , memorable , good-looking , quick , outgoing , reliable , honest , trustworthy , helpful , friendly , colourful , warm , beguiling , persuasive , genuine , [express/say] , numerate , sincere , hard , thorough , professional , decisive .

An advertising writer , he 's energetic , articulate and presumably just the sort of person Labour say they want to recruit .
an advertising writer , he 's energetic , [express/say] and presumably just the sort of person labour say they want to recruit .

Even more important , perhaps , were the discussions about the notion of a women 's aesthetic : again and again , the attempt to articulate the new and unspoken came up against the absence of an appropriate language .
even more important , perhaps , were the discussions about the notion of a women 's aesthetic : again and again , the attempt to [express/say] the new and unspoken came up against the absence of an appropriate language .

Until now they have represented a mass of public opinion which is noisy rather than articulate , and more remarkable for its courage than its ability to coalesce as an organised force .
until now they have represented a mass of public opinion which is noisy rather than [express/say] , and more remarkable for its courage than its ability to coalesce as an organised force .

At Amsterdam he talked out of a vast tradition which otherwise was not very articulate at the meeting .
at amsterdam he talked out of a vast tradition which otherwise was not very [express/say] at the meeting .

Articulate middle-class women in the nineteenth century were certainly more concerned with gaining increased autonomy and control — over children and property — within marriage , than with access to divorce .
[express/say] middle-class women in the nineteenth century were certainly more concerned with gaining increased autonomy and control — over children and property — within marriage , than with access to divorce .

This is something she feels strongly about and she tends to become even more animated than usual when trying to articulate her philosophy .
this is something she feels strongly about and she tends to become even more animated than usual when trying to [express/say] her philosophy .

They were more articulate , had seen something of the wider world , retained a thirst for knowledge , and were sceptical towards the Church .
they were more [express/say] , had seen something of the wider world , retained a thirst for knowledge , and were sceptical towards the church .

Not a single articulate foreigner penetrated the Smolensk or Kursk gubernii to leave a record behind .
not a single [express/say] foreigner penetrated the smolensk or kursk gubernii to leave a record behind .

He was actually far more articulate , better informed .
he was actually far more [express/say] , better informed .

While there was no shortage of articulate individuals with the intention of improving the lower orders through their play , the impact of churches , youth movements , and employers was largely restricted to the provision of facilities and routine organization .
while there was no shortage of [express/say] individuals with the intention of improving the lower orders through their play , the impact of churches , youth movements , and employers was largely restricted to the provision of facilities and routine organization .

His reading also helped him articulate his theory .
his reading also helped him [express/say] his theory .

Sir Ian Gilmour , a member of Mrs Thatcher 's Cabinet until his dismissal in 1981 , has been the most articulate critic of the new Conservatism .
sir ian gilmour , a member of mrs thatcher 's cabinet until his dismissal in 1981 , has been the most [express/say] critic of the new conservatism .

Yet the same dancers can look confident and articulate when they are performing a style that suits them .
yet the same dancers can look confident and [express/say] when they are performing a style that suits them .

Highlander staff wanted to get back to somewhere near where they started from ; that is , working with struggling communities in the mountains , helping them to find a voice , to articulate their problems clearly , and in realising the nature of their problems , to take positive action to solve them .
highlander staff wanted to get back to somewhere near where they started from ; that is , working with struggling communities in the mountains , helping them to find a voice , to [express/say] their problems clearly , and in realising the nature of their problems , to take positive action to solve them .

Less tangibly , there was noted in the interviews the tendency for the specialist team members to be somewhat more articulate in the responses they made .
less tangibly , there was noted in the interviews the tendency for the specialist team members to be somewhat more [express/say] in the responses they made .

They knew he was n't articulate enough to say ; liked to see his thin face suffuse with frustration , enjoyed his suffering on their behalf .
they knew he was n't [express/say] enough to say ; liked to see his thin face suffuse with frustration , enjoyed his suffering on their behalf .

The themes and preoccupations of the ‘ racial ’ problem films of the fifties and sixties made by White film-makers in Britain articulate some of those fears about inter-racial relations and Black people 's presence here .
the themes and preoccupations of the ‘ racial ’ problem films of the fifties and sixties made by white film-makers in britain [express/say] some of those fears about inter-racial relations and black people 's presence here .

His discovery of a new freedom both theological and psychological was not easy for him to articulate though his widely circulated letter Ad Amicos revealed his absolute devotion to the search for God .
his discovery of a new freedom both theological and psychological was not easy for him to [express/say] though his widely circulated letter ad amicos revealed his absolute devotion to the search for god .

He became the chairman of the residents ' committee , and at the official opening , had some very honest , articulate and moving words to say .
he became the chairman of the residents ' committee , and at the official opening , had some very honest , [express/say] and moving words to say .

The knowledge made her articulate , even eloquent .
the knowledge made her [express/say] , even eloquent .

He was quite prepared now to admit that he had been mistaken about Marie : that she was not thick and that , though she was not very articulate , she was , in her way , intelligent , kind , even sensitive .
he was quite prepared now to admit that he had been mistaken about marie : that she was not thick and that , though she was not very [express/say] , she was , in her way , intelligent , kind , even sensitive .

Any ‘ stable world ’ it presents is further overwhelmed by the progressive revelation that each narrator exists only as an imaginative device of a subsequent one , in a succession of evasions leading towards the unnamable author and the depths of an impulse to articulate , which can neither rest nor ever consummate its desires .
any ‘ stable world ’ it presents is further overwhelmed by the progressive revelation that each narrator exists only as an imaginative device of a subsequent one , in a succession of evasions leading towards the unnamable author and the depths of an impulse to [express/say] , which can neither rest nor ever consummate its desires .

Ricardou has been credited as the instigator of this development , although his contribution to the nouveau roman was principally to articulate and systematize this new aesthetic .
ricardou has been credited as the instigator of this development , although his contribution to the nouveau roman was principally to [express/say] and systematize this new aesthetic .

Thus , the protagonists ' encounter with a postman who is too drunk to articulate properly or to deliver his letters , which he keeps dropping in the street , is one of a series of symbolic episodes expressing the generalized breakdown of communication in a country that has lost all sense of social cohesion .
thus , the protagonists ' encounter with a postman who is too drunk to [express/say] properly or to deliver his letters , which he keeps dropping in the street , is one of a series of symbolic episodes expressing the generalized breakdown of communication in a country that has lost all sense of social cohesion .

He writes , for example , a fine satiric account of a Hollywood producer 's stag party where the guests are compelled to sit in a circle , bang drums and earnestly articulate their feelings about the groom .
he writes , for example , a fine satiric account of a hollywood producer 's stag party where the guests are compelled to sit in a circle , bang drums and earnestly [express/say] their feelings about the groom .

In Shabir Akhtar , an articulate Cambridge graduate in philosophy and a PhD from the university of Alberta , they have a formidable spokesman .
in shabir akhtar , an [express/say] cambridge graduate in philosophy and a phd from the university of alberta , they have a formidable spokesman .

Dr Runcie 's vision of a primacy for the Bishop of Rome is that when the whole Church is almost agreed on something , the Pope is the man who can articulate this agreement to all Christians and non-Christians with the greatest authority .
dr runcie 's vision of a primacy for the bishop of rome is that when the whole church is almost agreed on something , the pope is the man who can [express/say] this agreement to all christians and non-christians with the greatest authority .

Kafka 's gift to posterity lay not in any facile adumbration of the Nazi concentration camps , but in his ability to articulate terrors which we all have lurking in the recesses of our minds .
kafka 's gift to posterity lay not in any facile adumbration of the nazi concentration camps , but in his ability to [express/say] terrors which we all have lurking in the recesses of our minds .

Though he is neither intellectually sharp nor verbally articulate , Mr Prescott is intelligent in a self-schooled way , and speaks in a language that many Labour voters understand .
though he is neither intellectually sharp nor verbally [express/say] , mr prescott is intelligent in a self-schooled way , and speaks in a language that many labour voters understand .

If discourses articulate concepts through a system or signs which signify by means or their relationship to each other rather than to entities in the world , and ir literature is a signifying practice , all it can reflect is the order inscribed in particular discourses , not the nature or the world .
if discourses [express/say] concepts through a system or signs which signify by means or their relationship to each other rather than to entities in the world , and ir literature is a signifying practice , all it can reflect is the order inscribed in particular discourses , not the nature or the world .

It is , nevertheless , interesting that Norris should say , in passing , of Nietzsche ; ‘ there are many competing versions of Nietzsche , none possessing any absolute claim to articulate the ‘ truth ' ’ of his text , but all of them — and this is Derrida 's point — made possible by something in the logic , the syntax or the structural resources of his writing .
it is , nevertheless , interesting that norris should say , in passing , of nietzsche ; ‘ there are many competing versions of nietzsche , none possessing any absolute claim to [express/say] the ‘ truth ' ’ of his text , but all of them — and this is derrida 's point — made possible by something in the logic , the syntax or the structural resources of his writing .

Natasha was far too articulate to be stupid .
natasha was far too [express/say] to be stupid .

He stated that , at several times during the following hours , Mr Oliver had been clear-thinking and articulate .
he stated that , at several times during the following hours , mr oliver had been clear-thinking and [express/say] .

Tawell would hack these commodities the length and breadth of East Anglia , his articulate speech and winsome ways expanding the business and reaching some of the hierarchy of that rural society .
tawell would hack these commodities the length and breadth of east anglia , his [express/say] speech and winsome ways expanding the business and reaching some of the hierarchy of that rural society .

Furthermore , he manages to articulate the feeling that something has gone seriously wrong with the so-called rational scientific world , as well as with traditional theology .
furthermore , he manages to [express/say] the feeling that something has gone seriously wrong with the so-called rational scientific world , as well as with traditional theology .

They articulate the service conception of the function of authorities , that is , the view that their role and primary normal function is to serve the governed .
they [express/say] the service conception of the function of authorities , that is , the view that their role and primary normal function is to serve the governed .

But he had a mild , good-humoured , articulate side , verging on the academic , abjuring the sensational .
but he had a mild , good-humoured , [express/say] side , verging on the academic , abjuring the sensational .

Back in 1646 , one of the few articulate defenders of such deluded people maintained that those who would undertake drainage ‘ have always vilified the Fens , and have misinformed many Parliament men , that all the Fens is a mere quagmire … of little or no value : but those which live in the Fens , and are neighbours to it , know the contrary .
back in 1646 , one of the few [express/say] defenders of such deluded people maintained that those who would undertake drainage ‘ have always vilified the fens , and have misinformed many parliament men , that all the fens is a mere quagmire … of little or no value : but those which live in the fens , and are neighbours to it , know the contrary .

Since she had started going to therapy , these notes had got longer and more articulate .
since she had started going to therapy , these notes had got longer and more [express/say] .

On one day he would articulate his awareness that his life-span would be short ; on other days he would speak vibrantly to the issue of looking forward to returning to work , to what type of work he would be doing in the future , and so forth and so on .
on one day he would [express/say] his awareness that his life-span would be short ; on other days he would speak vibrantly to the issue of looking forward to returning to work , to what type of work he would be doing in the future , and so forth and so on .

So , be presentable , be articulate and be pleasant to everyone you meet .
so , be presentable , be [express/say] and be pleasant to everyone you meet .

Meeting with professionals such as doctors , accountants , lawyers , counsellors and bank managers can present problems even to the most articulate and outwardly confident people .
meeting with professionals such as doctors , accountants , lawyers , counsellors and bank managers can present problems even to the most [express/say] and outwardly confident people .

Forgiveness and atonement may be expressed through the act when feelings are starting to move that way , but the words still too difficult to articulate .
forgiveness and atonement may be expressed through the act when feelings are starting to move that way , but the words still too difficult to [express/say] .

Urban Development Corporations , the centrepiece of Mrs Thatcher 's urban policy , articulate most dramatically the current British government 's vision of city regeneration .
urban development corporations , the centrepiece of mrs thatcher 's urban policy , [express/say] most dramatically the current british government 's vision of city regeneration .

Advocacy projects are beginning to emerge , with young-old people often acting as advocates for people with illnesses like dementia or stroke who can not articulate their needs .
advocacy projects are beginning to emerge , with young-old people often acting as advocates for people with illnesses like dementia or stroke who can not [express/say] their needs .

’ If self-examination is not to deteriorate into introspection or be ignored we need wise guides with whom to articulate the inner movement of our spirits and the outer movement of our lives .
’ if self-examination is not to deteriorate into introspection or be ignored we need wise guides with whom to [express/say] the inner movement of our spirits and the outer movement of our lives .

There were , of course , one or two things that police officers kept to themselves , that the public never saw or heard , and that with the death of the Police Union there were no channels to articulate .
there were , of course , one or two things that police officers kept to themselves , that the public never saw or heard , and that with the death of the police union there were no channels to [express/say] .

People with a low tolerance for change therefore tend to fight hard to maintain the status quo , often without being able to articulate their reasons for so doing .
people with a low tolerance for change therefore tend to fight hard to maintain the status quo , often without being able to [express/say] their reasons for so doing .

Perhaps Ken 's accident had made him more articulate .
perhaps ken 's accident had made him more [express/say] .

The language was comprehensible only by the greatest concentration ; the issues mind-boggling ; the logic of past actions difficult to recollect and harder still to articulate .
the language was comprehensible only by the greatest concentration ; the issues mind-boggling ; the logic of past actions difficult to recollect and harder still to [express/say] .

This , everyone had agreed two years back , was because women were so used to being in groups dominated by a minority of articulate men ( all groups — social , work , political ) that it was important they ( we ) should be able to discover and articulate our own understanding of all the minute day-by-day ways in which we were oppressed , and relate these to a developing understanding of the ways women were oppressed in society generally .
this , everyone had agreed two years back , was because women were so used to being in groups dominated by a minority of [express/say] men ( all groups — social , work , political ) that it was important they ( we ) should be able to discover and [express/say] our own understanding of all the minute day-by-day ways in which we were oppressed , and relate these to a developing understanding of the ways women were oppressed in society generally .

One aim of this particular seminar is to articulate the actual use in public debate of claims that ‘ way of life ’ is threatened .
one aim of this particular seminar is to [express/say] the actual use in public debate of claims that ‘ way of life ’ is threatened .

People are quick to articulate such criticisms in gossip but even here there are constraints .
people are quick to [express/say] such criticisms in gossip but even here there are constraints .

Most of these views were expressed , in less articulate terms , in numerous informal discussions arranged with members of the relevant departments of the council bureaucracy , prior to fieldwork in Shetland .
most of these views were expressed , in less [express/say] terms , in numerous informal discussions arranged with members of the relevant departments of the council bureaucracy , prior to fieldwork in shetland .

We are asked in Dr. Jackson 's discussion paper to ‘ articulate the actual use in public debate of claims that ‘ way of life ’ is threatened ’ .
we are asked in dr. jackson 's discussion paper to ‘ [express/say] the actual use in public debate of claims that ‘ way of life ’ is threatened ’ .

At least three groups need the pictures , and two of those groups are not young readers but are more articulate than them : the artists and those adults who will assess the pictures as critics , potential purchasers , or award panellists .
at least three groups need the pictures , and two of those groups are not young readers but are more [express/say] than them : the artists and those adults who will assess the pictures as critics , potential purchasers , or award panellists .

Since Marx did not live to articulate a comprehensive theory of capitalist economic crisis , after his death there developed a number of theories of crisis which drew upon various aspects of his writings .
since marx did not live to [express/say] a comprehensive theory of capitalist economic crisis , after his death there developed a number of theories of crisis which drew upon various aspects of his writings .

Ron 's robust style , his deep understanding of the constitutional issues involved and his ability to see straight through to the nub of a debate and articulate clearly the available options made him a powerful persuader .
ron 's robust style , his deep understanding of the constitutional issues involved and his ability to see straight through to the nub of a debate and [express/say] clearly the available options made him a powerful persuader .

Even Jacobs 's very fast tempo for the famous ‘ Allampo ’ is justified by Larmore 's ability to articulate every semi-quaver .
even jacobs 's very fast tempo for the famous ‘ allampo ’ is justified by larmore 's ability to [express/say] every semi-quaver .

But , in its own way , it could never be described as anything less than a remarkably articulate and detailed player , and certainly no-one will fail to be swayed by its fine engineering , or Linn 's track record in improving existing products in the field when the time comes , instead of merely replacing them .
but , in its own way , it could never be described as anything less than a remarkably [express/say] and detailed player , and certainly no-one will fail to be swayed by its fine engineering , or linn 's track record in improving existing products in the field when the time comes , instead of merely replacing them .

Throughout his life , Agnew could not speak and relied entirely on sign language and fingerspelling , but was a highly articulate man — he penned a great number of articles in Scottish and national newspapers giving his views on the introduction of oralism into British schools .
throughout his life , agnew could not speak and relied entirely on sign language and fingerspelling , but was a highly [express/say] man — he penned a great number of articles in scottish and national newspapers giving his views on the introduction of oralism into british schools .

This was heady and powerful stuff , written by a passionate , articulate , sincere and devout man .
this was heady and powerful stuff , written by a passionate , [express/say] , sincere and devout man .

The less articulate lash out in more physical ways .
the less [express/say] lash out in more physical ways .

As children grow older and more articulate , it becomes easier to reason with them and they are better able ( if you find the time ) to explain their needs to you .
as children grow older and more [express/say] , it becomes easier to reason with them and they are better able ( if you find the time ) to explain their needs to you .

Siblings ( as well as preschool friends ) frequently articulate how they themselves feel .
siblings ( as well as preschool friends ) frequently [express/say] how they themselves feel .

These seven propositions summarize the enduring content of the Reconstruction Amendments.13 The key provisions of these amendments define political membership , articulate basic rights , and provide an ambit of legislative competence .
these seven propositions summarize the enduring content of the reconstruction amendments.13 the key provisions of these amendments define political membership , [express/say] basic rights , and provide an ambit of legislative competence .

Those represented in the new order included the dead at Gettysburg and at all the battlefields of the war who , if the new order is realized , “ shall not have died in vain. ” Furthermore , because he avoided all partisan references in his address , he clearly meant to articulate a conception of the nation that included the South as well as the North , black as well as white .
those represented in the new order included the dead at gettysburg and at all the battlefields of the war who , if the new order is realized , “ shall not have died in vain. ” furthermore , because he avoided all partisan references in his address , he clearly meant to [express/say] a conception of the nation that included the south as well as the north , black as well as white .

The battle had turned the tide of the war—just barely , mind you—and it was time that the president began to articulate the meaning of the long suffering that culminated in the gruesome hand-to-hand fighting in the Gettysburg fields .
the battle had turned the tide of the war—just barely , mind you—and it was time that the president began to [express/say] the meaning of the long suffering that culminated in the gruesome hand-to-hand fighting in the gettysburg fields .

There are some who will say that if Lincoln did not intend specifically to articulate the preamble to a new constitution , then the words spoken at Gettysburg could not possibly be , as I claim , the preamble to the postbellum constitution .
there are some who will say that if lincoln did not intend specifically to [express/say] the preamble to a new constitution , then the words spoken at gettysburg could not possibly be , as i claim , the preamble to the postbellum constitution .

The issues that concerned postbellum America were not the ideas of solidarity and reconciliation that Lincoln managed to articulate both at Gettysburg and in his second inaugural address .
the issues that concerned postbellum america were not the ideas of solidarity and reconciliation that lincoln managed to [express/say] both at gettysburg and in his second inaugural address .

An institution emerged to articulate and preserve this myth of autonomous states enjoying residual powers under the Tenth Amendment , and that institution was the Supreme Court .
an institution emerged to [express/say] and preserve this myth of autonomous states enjoying residual powers under the tenth amendment , and that institution was the supreme court .

It would articulate the ideas—it would , as we now say , give the “ spin ” to our basic concepts—that would define the fate of nationhood , equality , and democracy in postslavery America .
it would [express/say] the ideas—it would , as we now say , give the “ spin ” to our basic concepts—that would define the fate of nationhood , equality , and democracy in postslavery america .

We have matter , energy , and entropy , but no clear notion of propagating organization in the sense we here struggle to articulate .
we have matter , energy , and entropy , but no clear notion of propagating organization in the sense we here struggle to [express/say] .

In this chapter I have been trying to say , argue , articulate the possibility that a bio-sphere is profoundly generative = somehow fundamentally always creative .
in this chapter i have been trying to say , argue , [express/say] the possibility that a bio-sphere is profoundly generative = somehow fundamentally always creative .

At the beginning , I jumped = more realistically , I struggled = for weeks searching for a constellation of properties that seemed promising , in order to articulate something I sensed but could not yet say .
at the beginning , i jumped = more realistically , i struggled = for weeks searching for a constellation of properties that seemed promising , in order to [express/say] something i sensed but could not yet say .

For performance audits : add a requirement that when using the work of a specialist , performance auditors be able to articulate the specialist 's objectives , evaluate procedures used , and evaluate the results of the procedures or use another specialist for these purposes ( par .
for performance audits : add a requirement that when using the work of a specialist , performance auditors be able to [express/say] the specialist 's objectives , evaluate procedures used , and evaluate the results of the procedures or use another specialist for these purposes ( par .

A smart buyer also retains an inhouse staff that includes technical experts who can articulate the nature of technical services being bought , recognize good value during the negotiation of such services , and evaluate the quality of the services as they are provided .
a smart buyer also retains an inhouse staff that includes technical experts who can [express/say] the nature of technical services being bought , recognize good value during the negotiation of such services , and evaluate the quality of the services as they are provided .

The representatives will be asked to articulate in writing their concerns and objections .
the representatives will be asked to [express/say] in writing their concerns and objections .

It is a means to an end and you must clearly and consistently articulate the `` end '' that you envision .
it is a means to an end and you must clearly and consistently [express/say] the `` end '' that you envision .

One senior chief did articulate his concern that upper floors could begin to collapse in a few hours , and that firefighters thus should not ascend above floors in the 60s .
one senior chief did [express/say] his concern that upper floors could begin to collapse in a few hours , and that firefighters thus should not ascend above floors in the 60s .

In the nineteenth and twentieth centuries , fundamentalists helped articulate anticolonial grievances but played little role in the overwhelmingly secular struggles for independence after World War I. Western-educated lawyers , soldiers , and officials led most independence movements , and clerical influence and traditional culture were seen as obstacles to national progress .
in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries , fundamentalists helped [express/say] anticolonial grievances but played little role in the overwhelmingly secular struggles for independence after world war i. western-educated lawyers , soldiers , and officials led most independence movements , and clerical influence and traditional culture were seen as obstacles to national progress .

A whistleblower 's success depends upon competent and articulate media .
a whistleblower 's success depends upon competent and [express/say] media .

Unless they can articulate this Platonic essence , anti-meliorists do not have a foundation for their argument that change , improvement , and betterment are grave threats to humanity .
unless they can [express/say] this platonic essence , anti-meliorists do not have a foundation for their argument that change , improvement , and betterment are grave threats to humanity .

Later we encounter a crew of charming and articulate dwarfs taking time out from a disco at the Reno convention of the Little People of America .
later we encounter a crew of charming and [express/say] dwarfs taking time out from a disco at the reno convention of the little people of america .

Many societies articulate in their mission statements the goal of communicating the benefits of their members ' discoveries with the public—and open-access publishing is a direct means to accomplish this goal .
many societies [express/say] in their mission statements the goal of communicating the benefits of their members ' discoveries with the public—and open-access publishing is a direct means to accomplish this goal .

However , when asked , she could not clearly articulate the choices she had made in posing and photographing her subjects , could not give dimensions to the criteria she was using .
however , when asked , she could not clearly [express/say] the choices she had made in posing and photographing her subjects , could not give dimensions to the criteria she was using .

They react to the story on levels they do not articulate to themselves .
they react to the story on levels they do not [express/say] to themselves .

It does n't matter that he 's not articulate ( except maybe to Yale ) .
it does n't matter that he 's not [express/say] ( except maybe to yale ) .

That evening , at the Bromells ' apartment , after She had been carried up through the rational structureBy articulate stages , floor after flashing floor , After we helped her get across the hall , And get across the room to a chair , somehowWe got her seated in a chair that was placedA little too far away from the nearest table , At the edge of the abyss , and there she sat , Exposed , her body the object of our attention -- The heaviness of it , the helpless graceless leg , The thick stocking , the leg brace , the medical shoe .
that evening , at the bromells ' apartment , after she had been carried up through the rational structureby [express/say] stages , floor after flashing floor , after we helped her get across the hall , and get across the room to a chair , somehowwe got her seated in a chair that was placeda little too far away from the nearest table , at the edge of the abyss , and there she sat , exposed , her body the object of our attention -- the heaviness of it , the helpless graceless leg , the thick stocking , the leg brace , the medical shoe .

The `` Person of the Century '' thread hosted a humorous and articulate exchange on the importance of M.K .
the `` person of the century '' thread hosted a humorous and [express/say] exchange on the importance of m.k .

This compliment threatens to become for black women what `` articulate '' is for black men such as Vernon Jordan .
this compliment threatens to become for black women what `` [express/say] '' is for black men such as vernon jordan .

The best way to deflect charges of pandering and flip-flopping is to articulate an essential message or `` vision . ''
the best way to deflect charges of pandering and flip-flopping is to [express/say] an essential message or `` vision . ''

They could n't articulate their feelings very well , and what they actually said did n't make any sense , but they were nonetheless right in their sense that something new and good was happening to the economy .
they could n't [express/say] their feelings very well , and what they actually said did n't make any sense , but they were nonetheless right in their sense that something new and good was happening to the economy .

Do articulate that you do not feel competitive with your half-brothers and try to bring up the question of `` making reparations '' out of guilt .
do [express/say] that you do not feel competitive with your half-brothers and try to bring up the question of `` making reparations '' out of guilt .

This brought forth a small number of articulate dissensions .
this brought forth a small number of [express/say] dissensions .

The most articulate , and the most troubling , came from M. , who wrote , `` Last year , flying from Baltimore to Chicago with my entire family ( two really little kids included ) , we set down at Midway in a rainstorm .
the most [express/say] , and the most troubling , came from m. , who wrote , `` last year , flying from baltimore to chicago with my entire family ( two really little kids included ) , we set down at midway in a rainstorm .

Retrieving that song from his memory bank helped to articulate his happiness , intensify it and prolong it .
retrieving that song from his memory bank helped to [express/say] his happiness , intensify it and prolong it .

By and large they are dignified and intelligent speeches given by articulate men , each in touch with his times and aware that his inauguration was the most solemn occasion of his life .
by and large they are dignified and intelligent speeches given by [express/say] men , each in touch with his times and aware that his inauguration was the most solemn occasion of his life .

Re the extraordinary and articulate article `` Give It Back to the Injuns '' : If only we Oklahomans were less genially mediocre , we 'd probably be more appreciative of your ability to slap the faces of so many different groups of Oklahomans all at the same time and in such a charming way .
re the extraordinary and [express/say] article `` give it back to the injuns '' : if only we oklahomans were less genially mediocre , we 'd probably be more appreciative of your ability to slap the faces of so many different groups of oklahomans all at the same time and in such a charming way .

It 's a surprise , then , to find that The Capeman 's lyrics are more direct , less allusive -- that , after years of writing more and more about himself , Simon has been able to write in the voice of characters far less articulate .
it 's a surprise , then , to find that the capeman 's lyrics are more direct , less allusive -- that , after years of writing more and more about himself , simon has been able to write in the voice of characters far less [express/say] .

What distresses me , really , is the Clintonian inabililty to articulate a central tendency of any kind .
what distresses me , really , is the clintonian inabililty to [express/say] a central tendency of any kind .

No wonder , then , that the exchanges between Lehrer and the Cabinet secretaries and senators and law professors and reporters seem so articulate and poised ; that the guests are eager to return to the show ; that Lehrer was a guest at one of Al Gore 's pretentious `` metaphor salon '' dinner parties in 1994 .
no wonder , then , that the exchanges between lehrer and the cabinet secretaries and senators and law professors and reporters seem so [express/say] and poised ; that the guests are eager to return to the show ; that lehrer was a guest at one of al gore 's pretentious `` metaphor salon '' dinner parties in 1994 .

He thinks racism remains pervasive and destructive , a truth that Bradley alone among this season 's presidential candidates seems comfortable uttering , and one that West has helped him articulate more pointedly .
he thinks racism remains pervasive and destructive , a truth that bradley alone among this season 's presidential candidates seems comfortable uttering , and one that west has helped him [express/say] more pointedly .

The job of people who actually call themselves intellectuals is to articulate such situational thought and put it to use for change .
the job of people who actually call themselves intellectuals is to [express/say] such situational thought and put it to use for change .

Late in the book , Lewis remarks bitterly on press coverage that referred to Bond as `` light-skinned , dashing , erudite , articulate '' and to Lewis as `` short , squat , thick-necked , balding , dark , scowling , a sharecropper 's son . ''
late in the book , lewis remarks bitterly on press coverage that referred to bond as `` light-skinned , dashing , erudite , [express/say] '' and to lewis as `` short , squat , thick-necked , balding , dark , scowling , a sharecropper 's son . ''

His articulate advocacy of biodiversity and his graceful autobiography ( Naturalist , 1994 ) changed his image in the popular press from bad guy to good guy .
his [express/say] advocacy of biodiversity and his graceful autobiography ( naturalist , 1994 ) changed his image in the popular press from bad guy to good guy .

We sat together at one summer 's end , That beautiful mild woman , your close friend , And you and I , and talked of poetry.I said , `` A line will take us hours maybe ; If it does not seem a moment 's thought , Our stitching and unstitching has been naught.Better go down upon your marrow-bonesAnd scrub a kitchen pavement , or break stonesLike an old pauper , in all kinds of weather ; For to articulate sweet sounds togetherIs to work harder than all these , and yetBe thought an idler by the noisy setOf bankers , schoolmasters , and clergymenThe martyrs call the world . ''
we sat together at one summer 's end , that beautiful mild woman , your close friend , and you and i , and talked of poetry.i said , `` a line will take us hours maybe ; if it does not seem a moment 's thought , our stitching and unstitching has been naught.better go down upon your marrow-bonesand scrub a kitchen pavement , or break stoneslike an old pauper , in all kinds of weather ; for to [express/say] sweet sounds togetheris to work harder than all these , and yetbe thought an idler by the noisy setof bankers , schoolmasters , and clergymenthe martyrs call the world . ''

Let 's face it : Any articulate minority intellectual who reliably espouses conservative positions is automatically offered a ticket to a very nice lifestyle .
let 's face it : any [express/say] minority intellectual who reliably espouses conservative positions is automatically offered a ticket to a very nice lifestyle .

This is significant , because in the film it is Kinnear who gets to articulate the case against concentration of corporate power .
this is significant , because in the film it is kinnear who gets to [express/say] the case against concentration of corporate power .

Young women ( who are , for some reason they are unable to articulate , the primary consumers of Hello Kitty products ) would line up around the block in order to get their hands on the dolls .
young women ( who are , for some reason they are unable to [express/say] , the primary consumers of hello kitty products ) would line up around the block in order to get their hands on the dolls .

If you somehow forced Barlow to articulate his thesis without the wacky metaphysics , he 'd probably say something like this : The cost of copying and distributing information is plummeting -- for many purposes , even approaching zero .
if you somehow forced barlow to [express/say] his thesis without the wacky metaphysics , he 'd probably say something like this : the cost of copying and distributing information is plummeting -- for many purposes , even approaching zero .

They frame lopsided yes/no questions and squelch attempts to articulate a middle ground .
they frame lopsided yes/no questions and squelch attempts to [express/say] a middle ground .

Maslin says one `` need n't really articulate what makes it so haunting .
maslin says one `` need n't really [express/say] what makes it so haunting .

Since you like your children but do not wish to see the image you describe , by all means articulate your discomfort and suggest they throw a blanket over the `` art '' when you come to call , or temporarily substitute a nice still life .
since you like your children but do not wish to see the image you describe , by all means [express/say] your discomfort and suggest they throw a blanket over the `` art '' when you come to call , or temporarily substitute a nice still life .

I also wondered : What about those women , some of them pretty , bright , and articulate , who admirably recoiled from this clown when they discovered they were fodder for his Hollywood ambitions ?
i also wondered : what about those women , some of them pretty , bright , and [express/say] , who admirably recoiled from this clown when they discovered they were fodder for his hollywood ambitions ?

As the taciturn protagonist of vigilante pictures , Eastwood could be a hoot , and his struggle to articulate something clearly beyond his range resulted in the one true multidimensional performance of his career : the aging Secret Service agent of In The Line of Fire ( 1993 ) .
as the taciturn protagonist of vigilante pictures , eastwood could be a hoot , and his struggle to [express/say] something clearly beyond his range resulted in the one true multidimensional performance of his career : the aging secret service agent of in the line of fire ( 1993 ) .

Dr. Rodney S. Barron 's answer is more articulate , more elegant , more -- what 's the word ? -- Lincolnesque : `` Size matters to some of the people all of the time and to all of the people some of the time , but not to all of the people all of the time . ''
dr. rodney s. barron 's answer is more [express/say] , more elegant , more -- what 's the word ? -- lincolnesque : `` size matters to some of the people all of the time and to all of the people some of the time , but not to all of the people all of the time . ''

Today 's GOP wants to be the `` party of ideas '' and looks to leaders like Newt Gingrich and Antonin Scalia to articulate its guiding principles .
today 's gop wants to be the `` party of ideas '' and looks to leaders like newt gingrich and antonin scalia to [express/say] its guiding principles .

Reinforcing the idea is the first candidate -- Washington Bullet Gheorghe Muresan , who , besides being the NBA 's tallest player ever , is known as one of its least articulate : The Bullets use him in an ad whose entire point is that he ca n't even manage to recommend that viewers buy tickets to a Bullets game .
reinforcing the idea is the first candidate -- washington bullet gheorghe muresan , who , besides being the nba 's tallest player ever , is known as one of its least [express/say] : the bullets use him in an ad whose entire point is that he ca n't even manage to recommend that viewers buy tickets to a bullets game .

The article unpacked what would prove to be Joyce 's life baggage : a chirpy , articulate writing style ; a weather eye for Zeitgeist shifts ; and a narcissistic obsession with herself .
the article unpacked what would prove to be joyce 's life baggage : a chirpy , [express/say] writing style ; a weather eye for zeitgeist shifts ; and a narcissistic obsession with herself .

Meanwhile , the piece does n't articulate the stickiest and most obvious of the Vice President 's conflicts of interest : how Gore 's own presidential ambitions could influence his performance as referee .
meanwhile , the piece does n't [express/say] the stickiest and most obvious of the vice president 's conflicts of interest : how gore 's own presidential ambitions could influence his performance as referee .

The papers however uniformly present Lewinsky as confident and articulate , even seemingly older than her 25 years .
the papers however uniformly present lewinsky as confident and [express/say] , even seemingly older than her 25 years .

During those several weeks of early summer the world could listen to articulate speakers of English who have the ability to manipulate our minds and twist our emotions with word-images .
during those several weeks of early summer the world could listen to [express/say] speakers of english who have the ability to manipulate our minds and twist our emotions with word-images .

On the other hand , as David Wade reports , “ More people , it appears , ring or write in [ to BBC Radio ] about all the effing and blinding or the taking of the name of God in vain than about any other single subject. ” [ The Times , 20 June 1988 ] There is probably something to be said in favour of the occasional use of rude language in drama for the sake of realism ; on the other hand , in the real world rude language is often the resort of those who are unable to articulate their thoughts and emotions , and the presence of characters so afflicted is certainly dispensable in drama .
on the other hand , as david wade reports , “ more people , it appears , ring or write in [ to bbc radio ] about all the effing and blinding or the taking of the name of god in vain than about any other single subject. ” [ the times , 20 june 1988 ] there is probably something to be said in favour of the occasional use of rude language in drama for the sake of realism ; on the other hand , in the real world rude language is often the resort of those who are unable to [express/say] their thoughts and emotions , and the presence of characters so afflicted is certainly dispensable in drama .

Two of my dictionaries inform me that the origin of the term honky is unknown , and Mr. Beresky 's articulate arguments for “ hunky ” [ IV,4 ] have not swayed me .
two of my dictionaries inform me that the origin of the term honky is unknown , and mr. beresky 's [express/say] arguments for “ hunky ” [ iv,4 ] have not swayed me .

People should learn vocabulary from reading literature and listening to articulate speakers , not by memorizing the dictionary .
people should learn vocabulary from reading literature and listening to [express/say] speakers , not by memorizing the dictionary .

She is bright , articulate , and ten years old .
she is bright , [express/say] , and ten years old .

Accumulations of Bill Safire 's books ( of which I think this is the tenth anthology of his language articles ) afford us with articulate commentary on American usage in the last quarter of the 20th century .
accumulations of bill safire 's books ( of which i think this is the tenth anthology of his language articles ) afford us with [express/say] commentary on american usage in the last quarter of the 20th century .

Visage , Expletive , and Articulate used to grow wild .
visage , expletive , and [express/say] used to grow wild .

They articulate , which is something else again .
they [express/say] , which is something else again .

It may not be an immediately obvious fact , but it is significant that the people who ask the question -- strangers , who telephone me -- are quite articulate , from which I deduce that one must have reached some proficiency in language before becoming aware that there might be some deficiency .
it may not be an immediately obvious fact , but it is significant that the people who ask the question -- strangers , who telephone me -- are quite [express/say] , from which i deduce that one must have reached some proficiency in language before becoming aware that there might be some deficiency .

It is consequently a model of clarity as well as of simplicity and an abiding lesson to all who think that increasing their vocabularies will make them more articulate .
it is consequently a model of clarity as well as of simplicity and an abiding lesson to all who think that increasing their vocabularies will make them more [express/say] .

Articulate artists , writers , musicians , lawyers , scientists , teachers , historians , etc .
[express/say] artists , writers , musicians , lawyers , scientists , teachers , historians , etc .

