Immediately thereafter , the patient fractures her rehearsed story , veering into an oversoft , breathy , sloppily articulated , `` I don't feel like talking right now '' .
immediately thereafter , the patient fractures her rehearsed story , veering into an oversoft , breathy , sloppily [expressed/said] , `` i don't feel like talking right now '' .

Where boundary maintenance describes the boundaries or limits of the group , systemic linkage is defined `` as the process whereby one or more of the elements of at least two social systems is articulated in such a manner that the two systems in some ways and on some occasions may be viewed as a single unit .
where boundary maintenance describes the boundaries or limits of the group , systemic linkage is defined `` as the process whereby one or more of the elements of at least two social systems is [expressed/said] in such a manner that the two systems in some ways and on some occasions may be viewed as a single unit .

Three members of the same family have been killed , and two others injured in a collision between an articulated lorry and two cars .
three members of the same family have been killed , and two others injured in a collision between an [expressed/said] lorry and two cars .

Councillors , conservation groups and the public joined forces to condemn the transfer , which would have involved between 65 and 70 articulated lorry movements for ten hours a day in each direction , six days a week .
councillors , conservation groups and the public joined forces to condemn the transfer , which would have involved between 65 and 70 [expressed/said] lorry movements for ten hours a day in each direction , six days a week .

Tony Dobson was found dead in the yard at Roundhill Farm , Roundhill Road , near Hurworth , where he often used steam equipment to clean the Volvo articulated lorry .
tony dobson was found dead in the yard at roundhill farm , roundhill road , near hurworth , where he often used steam equipment to clean the volvo [expressed/said] lorry .

The charity organisation assessed the hospital 's needs on its last visit to Romania when it took out over 30 tons of relief aid on three articulated lorries .
the charity organisation assessed the hospital 's needs on its last visit to romania when it took out over 30 tons of relief aid on three [expressed/said] lorries .

It is understood the goods are bought in Europe and brought to Northern Ireland in articulated lorries .
it is understood the goods are bought in europe and brought to northern ireland in [expressed/said] lorries .

He says there 's no end of traffic that comes through — articulated lorries — especially with the new charge on the bridge and they just come this way .
he says there 's no end of traffic that comes through — [expressed/said] lorries — especially with the new charge on the bridge and they just come this way .

It is generally described as lax , that is , not articulated with much energy .
it is generally described as lax , that is , not [expressed/said] with much energy .

The accident happened in High Lane when an articulated lorry was in collision with a Vauxhall Cavalier and a Vauxhall Astra .
the accident happened in high lane when an [expressed/said] lorry was in collision with a vauxhall cavalier and a vauxhall astra .

Once a week for five years Jerry has driven his articulated lorry for Courtaulds from Coventry to the Lyons region , delivering acetate yarn and returning with the empty beams that hold the yarn .
once a week for five years jerry has driven his [expressed/said] lorry for courtaulds from coventry to the lyons region , delivering acetate yarn and returning with the empty beams that hold the yarn .

An even larger phyla would be the vertebrates , to include not only all animals but every-thing with a skeleton , articulated limbs or a shell , such as crabs or insects .
an even larger phyla would be the vertebrates , to include not only all animals but every-thing with a skeleton , [expressed/said] limbs or a shell , such as crabs or insects .

Hence improved leg performance enabled early archosaurs to be more agile and speedy than other contemporary reptiles , a theory that Richard Owen first articulated .
hence improved leg performance enabled early archosaurs to be more agile and speedy than other contemporary reptiles , a theory that richard owen first [expressed/said] .

But none of these explains the tireless persistence with which he both articulated and sought to reconcile the contradictory aspects of his thinking .
but none of these explains the tireless persistence with which he both [expressed/said] and sought to reconcile the contradictory aspects of his thinking .

We have already noticed that speech consists of vowels and consonants and that crisp , clearly articulated consonants are particularly important for the clarity of speech .
we have already noticed that speech consists of vowels and consonants and that crisp , clearly [expressed/said] consonants are particularly important for the clarity of speech .

Renewed ferocious outbreaks of war , especially in Vietnam and the Middle East gave rise to fresh concern which was especially articulated by the newly-independent states of Africa and Asia .
renewed ferocious outbreaks of war , especially in vietnam and the middle east gave rise to fresh concern which was especially [expressed/said] by the newly-independent states of africa and asia .

As a result the public interest is increasingly defined by expert professional administrators , and administrative decisions designed to promote the public interest are articulated in a language that screens them from effective parliamentary criticisms and public debate .
as a result the public interest is increasingly defined by expert professional administrators , and administrative decisions designed to promote the public interest are [expressed/said] in a language that screens them from effective parliamentary criticisms and public debate .

The interest which is most frequently , though not exclusively , excluded from participation is one based on feelings of ‘ public concern ’ , for example , over the environment , or quality of life , as opposed to private , property-related interests , or the public interest , which is articulated by professional public administrators .
the interest which is most frequently , though not exclusively , excluded from participation is one based on feelings of ‘ public concern ’ , for example , over the environment , or quality of life , as opposed to private , property-related interests , or the public interest , which is [expressed/said] by professional public administrators .

Resistance to change is not normally articulated in frank terms of party advantage .
resistance to change is not normally [expressed/said] in frank terms of party advantage .

The bones are bound to each other by tough , flexible ligaments and are articulated at the joints by muscles .
the bones are bound to each other by tough , flexible ligaments and are [expressed/said] at the joints by muscles .

Width tests with an articulated bus ( Figure 6.9 ) established an appropriate radius and the junction was restyled using temporary street furniture .
width tests with an [expressed/said] bus ( figure 6.9 ) established an appropriate radius and the junction was restyled using temporary street furniture .

The huge articulated truck with a separate cab for the driver appeared out of nowhere , moving at high speed , lights undimmed and aiming straight for him .
the huge [expressed/said] truck with a separate cab for the driver appeared out of nowhere , moving at high speed , lights undimmed and aiming straight for him .

It is to be hoped that in the light of the Cleveland Report 's comment that ‘ the child is a person and not an object of concern ’ ( Secretary of State for Social Services , 1988 , p.245 ) that urgent efforts will be made to ensure that the child 's views and perceptions of practice are articulated via sensitively designed research .
it is to be hoped that in the light of the cleveland report 's comment that ‘ the child is a person and not an object of concern ’ ( secretary of state for social services , 1988 , p.245 ) that urgent efforts will be made to ensure that the child 's views and perceptions of practice are [expressed/said] via sensitively designed research .

The bones are bound to each other by tough , flexible ligaments and are articulated at the joints by muscles .
the bones are bound to each other by tough , flexible ligaments and are [expressed/said] at the joints by muscles .

His lorry clipped a Renault van as it overturned after a collision with a Daf articulated roofing lorry between Quy and Exning , near Newmarket .
his lorry clipped a renault van as it overturned after a collision with a daf [expressed/said] roofing lorry between quy and exning , near newmarket .

It is a basic but rarely articulated feature of the modern economic system that the highest pay is given for the work that is most prestigious and most agreeable .
it is a basic but rarely [expressed/said] feature of the modern economic system that the highest pay is given for the work that is most prestigious and most agreeable .

There he was on television this week , whipping up a meeting of left-wing students into a frenzy with his oratory : ‘ There are new forces in our society — new forces , new loyalties , new ideas not yet articulated — which may yet come to our rescue .
there he was on television this week , whipping up a meeting of left-wing students into a frenzy with his oratory : ‘ there are new forces in our society — new forces , new loyalties , new ideas not yet [expressed/said] — which may yet come to our rescue .

Raoul Fosset 's fully articulated carrier , actuated by radio control .
raoul fosset 's fully [expressed/said] carrier , actuated by radio control .

Similar exemptions are granted to articulated tractor and semi-trailer combinations .
similar exemptions are granted to [expressed/said] tractor and semi-trailer combinations .

The local disquiet and mistrust was articulated in a letter issued by Dr Joseph Cassidy , Archbishop of Tuam , in which he expressed his concerns over gold mining , warning that ‘ one man 's gold could be another man 's poison .
the local disquiet and mistrust was [expressed/said] in a letter issued by dr joseph cassidy , archbishop of tuam , in which he expressed his concerns over gold mining , warning that ‘ one man 's gold could be another man 's poison .

Which is precisely the point : if there is a politics to what has become known as poststructuralism , then it is articulated in this passage which unnervingly weaves capitalist economic exploitation , racism , colonialism , sexism , together with , perhaps unexpectedly , ‘ History ’ and the structure of the Hegelian dialectic .
which is precisely the point : if there is a politics to what has become known as poststructuralism , then it is [expressed/said] in this passage which unnervingly weaves capitalist economic exploitation , racism , colonialism , sexism , together with , perhaps unexpectedly , ‘ history ’ and the structure of the hegelian dialectic .

The second , the role of enlightenment thinking in the subsequent history of European despotism , is the particular focus of interest for the German critical theorists , most memorably and most forcibly articulated in Benjamin 's ‘ Theses on the Philosophy of History ’ .
the second , the role of enlightenment thinking in the subsequent history of european despotism , is the particular focus of interest for the german critical theorists , most memorably and most forcibly [expressed/said] in benjamin 's ‘ theses on the philosophy of history ’ .

The demise of an orthodox Marxism may have left theory with a sense that everything is now in flux , that the old verities have gone , but it has also involved the important realization , articulated so forcibly by writers such as Foucault or Said , of the deep articulation of knowledge with power .
the demise of an orthodox marxism may have left theory with a sense that everything is now in flux , that the old verities have gone , but it has also involved the important realization , [expressed/said] so forcibly by writers such as foucault or said , of the deep articulation of knowledge with power .

In recent years Levinas has himself articulated more explicitly his account of the relation of the ethical to the political .
in recent years levinas has himself [expressed/said] more explicitly his account of the relation of the ethical to the political .

There will always be some return for the self in any gift — unless it can be articulated in an economy of ingratitude , a movement without return .
there will always be some return for the self in any gift — unless it can be [expressed/said] in an economy of ingratitude , a movement without return .

The question about history then becomes the more interesting one of the relation between different significations , and the ways in which such differences can , or can not , be articulated and unified under the same horizon of totalization to produce a single meaning .
the question about history then becomes the more interesting one of the relation between different significations , and the ways in which such differences can , or can not , be [expressed/said] and unified under the same horizon of totalization to produce a single meaning .

Against this Althusser maintains that time , even chronological time , is not just an empirical entity , but a concept ; that though history may be articulated in general with chronological time , each history has its own temporality , which can only be found by establishing the conceptual nexus of the history in question .
against this althusser maintains that time , even chronological time , is not just an empirical entity , but a concept ; that though history may be [expressed/said] in general with chronological time , each history has its own temporality , which can only be found by establishing the conceptual nexus of the history in question .

However , it can be articulated with other histories , indeed is articulated , according to the overall but decentred totality of the particular mode of production .
however , it can be [expressed/said] with other histories , indeed is [expressed/said] , according to the overall but decentred totality of the particular mode of production .

a certain type of complexity , the unity of a structured whole containing what can be called levels or instances which are distinct and ‘ relatively autonomous ’ , and coexist within this complex structural unity , articulated with one another according to specific determinations , fixed in the last instance by the level or instance of the economy . ( 97 )
a certain type of complexity , the unity of a structured whole containing what can be called levels or instances which are distinct and ‘ relatively autonomous ’ , and coexist within this complex structural unity , [expressed/said] with one another according to specific determinations , fixed in the last instance by the level or instance of the economy . ( 97 )

The present of one level is , so to speak , the absence of another , and this co-existence of a ‘ presence ’ and absences is simply the effect of the structure of the whole in its articulated decentricity . ( 104 )
the present of one level is , so to speak , the absence of another , and this co-existence of a ‘ presence ’ and absences is simply the effect of the structure of the whole in its [expressed/said] decentricity . ( 104 )

If such a theorization of history , as diacritical and singular , articulated according to breaks and ruptures , was by no means new even with Althusser , it has been continued as a self-conscious derivation from him by Derrida .
if such a theorization of history , as diacritical and singular , [expressed/said] according to breaks and ruptures , was by no means new even with althusser , it has been continued as a self-conscious derivation from him by derrida .

‘ Race ’ differences frequently retain biological meanings in feminist psychology , under the cover of a pseudo-anthropological respect for cultural differences , or simply in default of any other meaning being articulated .
‘ race ’ differences frequently retain biological meanings in feminist psychology , under the cover of a pseudo-anthropological respect for cultural differences , or simply in default of any other meaning being [expressed/said] .

It is here , as much as in psychology , that woman-centred theories of subjectivity are articulated ; for woman-centred theories look like humanist psychological theories which have redefined human potential as feminine potential .
it is here , as much as in psychology , that woman-centred theories of subjectivity are [expressed/said] ; for woman-centred theories look like humanist psychological theories which have redefined human potential as feminine potential .

He concludes that ‘ the ability to produce vocalisation which is articulated as opposed to holistic in nature , which is mediated by the neo-cortex as opposed to the limbic system , is unique to the genus : homo sapiens ’ .
he concludes that ‘ the ability to produce vocalisation which is [expressed/said] as opposed to holistic in nature , which is mediated by the neo-cortex as opposed to the limbic system , is unique to the genus : homo sapiens ’ .

He stresses that these perceptual computations construct the image , which is a symbolic description ( or articulated representation ) of the scene based on the initial stimulus-array .
he stresses that these perceptual computations construct the image , which is a symbolic description ( or [expressed/said] representation ) of the scene based on the initial stimulus-array .

In one central passage the Apostle Paul brings together the essence of this teaching from both Testaments , and with some clearly articulated principles lays down teaching which has many straightforward and practical applications for the frustrations and conflicts which many families experience today .
in one central passage the apostle paul brings together the essence of this teaching from both testaments , and with some clearly [expressed/said] principles lays down teaching which has many straightforward and practical applications for the frustrations and conflicts which many families experience today .

When did you last make a considerable personal adjustment to fit in with some deeply felt need your partner has articulated ?
when did you last make a considerable personal adjustment to fit in with some deeply felt need your partner has [expressed/said] ?

The glittering blue thigh had articulated sharply in the middle , shortening along its length and snapping the femur within .
the glittering blue thigh had [expressed/said] sharply in the middle , shortening along its length and snapping the femur within .

One reason why these two interpretations are commonplace is that , until recently , there has been no clearly articulated theoretical position which offered a viable alternative .
one reason why these two interpretations are commonplace is that , until recently , there has been no clearly [expressed/said] theoretical position which offered a viable alternative .

Each level has to be constructed interpretively so that the distinctions between levels can not be systematically articulated .
each level has to be constructed interpretively so that the distinctions between levels can not be systematically [expressed/said] .

Hear the road drill , the articulated lorry , the siren — really hear them .
hear the road drill , the [expressed/said] lorry , the siren — really hear them .

She realised that there would be no light-hearted understanding in Cramer of actions for which she herself could find no easily articulated justification .
she realised that there would be no light-hearted understanding in cramer of actions for which she herself could find no easily [expressed/said] justification .

An example would be where a large articulated motor vehicle was turning a sharp corner and in doing so had a slight collision with a parked car .
an example would be where a large [expressed/said] motor vehicle was turning a sharp corner and in doing so had a slight collision with a parked car .

The Motor Vehicles ( Tests ) regulations 1981 exempt among other motor vehicles most public service vehicles ; goods vehicles of an unladen weight exceeding 1525 kg ( about 30 cwts ) ( other than dual purpose vehicles ) ; articulated vehicles ; when submitting a vehicle for a test after prior arrangement or bringing it away ; where a test certificate is refused — taking it for repair by prior arrangement or bringing it away and also taking it , by towing to be broken up , and motor traders when repairing motor vehicles etc .
the motor vehicles ( tests ) regulations 1981 exempt among other motor vehicles most public service vehicles ; goods vehicles of an unladen weight exceeding 1525 kg ( about 30 cwts ) ( other than dual purpose vehicles ) ; [expressed/said] vehicles ; when submitting a vehicle for a test after prior arrangement or bringing it away ; where a test certificate is refused — taking it for repair by prior arrangement or bringing it away and also taking it , by towing to be broken up , and motor traders when repairing motor vehicles etc .

This myth was only articulated by one group which was convened in a northern seaside resort .
this myth was only [expressed/said] by one group which was convened in a northern seaside resort .

Leeds Corporation having agreed to purchase 92 Feltham type cars , they were taken out of service and moved to Charlton Works one at a time , so that conduit equipment could be removed and an articulated aircraft carrier lorry was specially adapted to carry each of them to Leeds .
leeds corporation having agreed to purchase 92 feltham type cars , they were taken out of service and moved to charlton works one at a time , so that conduit equipment could be removed and an [expressed/said] aircraft carrier lorry was specially adapted to carry each of them to leeds .

In stamping the image of the ‘ dark , satanic mills ’ on English consciousness , he articulated a deep-rooted aversion to industry that has persisted to the present day .
in stamping the image of the ‘ dark , satanic mills ’ on english consciousness , he [expressed/said] a deep-rooted aversion to industry that has persisted to the present day .

Both of these are early representatives of articulated heterostracan fishes with well developed dermal skeletons and they may offer insights into the anatomy of the earliest vertebrate armour .
both of these are early representatives of [expressed/said] heterostracan fishes with well developed dermal skeletons and they may offer insights into the anatomy of the earliest vertebrate armour .

( 3 ) Very recent discoveries of articulated thelodonts from the Silurian and Devonian of northwestern Canada have revealed a surprising new body shape among agnathans and traces of a stomach , as well as providing evidence of the affinities of this enigmatic group .
( 3 ) very recent discoveries of [expressed/said] thelodonts from the silurian and devonian of northwestern canada have revealed a surprising new body shape among agnathans and traces of a stomach , as well as providing evidence of the affinities of this enigmatic group .

The discovery of articulated Ordovician heterostracans has other more general implications for our ideas of the evolution of the vertebrate skeleton and tail structure .
the discovery of [expressed/said] ordovician heterostracans has other more general implications for our ideas of the evolution of the vertebrate skeleton and tail structure .

But we know very little about the animals which bore these scales and although a few articulated remains have been known for several years , they show very little anatomical detail and it is not easy to identify immediate relatives .
but we know very little about the animals which bore these scales and although a few [expressed/said] remains have been known for several years , they show very little anatomical detail and it is not easy to identify immediate relatives .

As far as fossils go , though , local taphonomic bias in favour of the preservation of either articulated scale-like armour , phosphatized skeletal fragments or soft parts leads to a sporadic and incomplete record .
as far as fossils go , though , local taphonomic bias in favour of the preservation of either [expressed/said] scale-like armour , phosphatized skeletal fragments or soft parts leads to a sporadic and incomplete record .

The cambroclaves may be allied to echinoderms , albeit more tentatively , because of their arm-like arrays of articulated sclerites ( Fig .
the cambroclaves may be allied to echinoderms , albeit more tentatively , because of their arm-like arrays of [expressed/said] sclerites ( fig .

4 c ) , which had an articulated armour of sclerites together with prominent anterior and posterior shells .
4 c ) , which had an [expressed/said] armour of sclerites together with prominent anterior and posterior shells .

Further preparation of collections of calcareous and phosphatic shelly Cambrian fossils may well produce dividends , and such disarticulated remains that are etched out of the rock should be held up against articulated scleritomes , either actual or hypothesized .
further preparation of collections of calcareous and phosphatic shelly cambrian fossils may well produce dividends , and such disarticulated remains that are etched out of the rock should be held up against [expressed/said] scleritomes , either actual or hypothesized .

He spoke about universal human concerns , and articulated the aspirations of ordinary people towards peace and a better life .
he spoke about universal human concerns , and [expressed/said] the aspirations of ordinary people towards peace and a better life .

But perhaps it is asking too much to expect some sort of articulated political goal — especially of the young adolescents who are responsible for the bulk of working-class crime .
but perhaps it is asking too much to expect some sort of [expressed/said] political goal — especially of the young adolescents who are responsible for the bulk of working-class crime .

To trace the thread further , Rowe and Lambert not only articulated the prevailing ideology of the need and right of children to belong to families , but also asserted their support for it .
to trace the thread further , rowe and lambert not only [expressed/said] the prevailing ideology of the need and right of children to belong to families , but also asserted their support for it .

Thus the emotively articulated skies and sleek luminosity with which Titian was experimenting in the early 1520s are echoed and developed in Palma and Lotto and Dosso , and the fluid and broken brushwork of the last three decades — itself , in part , a response to Schiavone — is transmuted in Tintoretto and Bassano .
thus the emotively [expressed/said] skies and sleek luminosity with which titian was experimenting in the early 1520s are echoed and developed in palma and lotto and dosso , and the fluid and broken brushwork of the last three decades — itself , in part , a response to schiavone — is transmuted in tintoretto and bassano .

Articulated with an engine cab towing a carriage behind it , they enjoyed heavy use in country pastures or peat bog , areas where they could stop to pick up passengers anywhere along the way , with good enough acceleration to then hold onto a time-table . The original hail and and ride !
[expressed/said] with an engine cab towing a carriage behind it , they enjoyed heavy use in country pastures or peat bog , areas where they could stop to pick up passengers anywhere along the way , with good enough acceleration to then hold onto a time-table . the original hail and and ride !

May : Railcar No. 16 at Donegal Station : June : ‘ Meenglas ’ and ‘ Columcille ’ standing amongst the weeds at Strabane , 1964 : July : Trailer No. 2 and Van No. 12 being turned on the turntable at Killybegs : August : 1958 view of Strabane looking northwards showing the track layout and rolling stock there : September : Loco No. 3 ( Lydia ) receiving attention at Strabane : October : Railcar No. 14 at Strabane : November : ‘ Columcille ’ shunting coaching stock at Strabane : December : Articulated railcar No. 19 standing outside the overall roof of Killybegs Station .
may : railcar no. 16 at donegal station : june : ‘ meenglas ’ and ‘ columcille ’ standing amongst the weeds at strabane , 1964 : july : trailer no. 2 and van no. 12 being turned on the turntable at killybegs : august : 1958 view of strabane looking northwards showing the track layout and rolling stock there : september : loco no. 3 ( lydia ) receiving attention at strabane : october : railcar no. 14 at strabane : november : ‘ columcille ’ shunting coaching stock at strabane : december : [expressed/said] railcar no. 19 standing outside the overall roof of killybegs station .

Articulated Crampons
[expressed/said] crampons

Crampons come in two main styles : rigid and articulated .
crampons come in two main styles : rigid and [expressed/said] .

Articulated crampons have a separate front and heel piece linked in some way , and are better for less than totally rigid leather boots and boots with some curve on the front sole .
[expressed/said] crampons have a separate front and heel piece linked in some way , and are better for less than totally rigid leather boots and boots with some curve on the front sole .

Quakers , evangelicals inside and outside the Church of England and Rational Dissenters and Unitarians all articulated a powerful abolitionist and emancipationist appeal over more than half a century .
quakers , evangelicals inside and outside the church of england and rational dissenters and unitarians all [expressed/said] a powerful abolitionist and emancipationist appeal over more than half a century .

Does God 's making of himself known have any abiding content which can be articulated , or can it merely be pointed to and fleetingly glimpsed , but not retained ?
does god 's making of himself known have any abiding content which can be [expressed/said] , or can it merely be pointed to and fleetingly glimpsed , but not retained ?

In signed Danish the words are spoken as in the upper line but only the signs in the lower line are articulated .
in signed danish the words are spoken as in the upper line but only the signs in the lower line are [expressed/said] .

It is not just that the ideas which underpin progressive primary methods have been , with a few notable exceptions , poorly articulated .
it is not just that the ideas which underpin progressive primary methods have been , with a few notable exceptions , poorly [expressed/said] .

The issues may be more aggressively articulated .
the issues may be more aggressively [expressed/said] .

Improvements in the general conditions of blacks had taken place between Johnson 's era , when white supremacist groups like the Ku Klux Klan articulated deeply-held sentiments , when at least three hundred and fifty blacks were illegally lynched and mixed marriages were forbidden , and that of Ali , when conflict manifested itself in the Watts riots and radicalism came in the form of the black power movements .
improvements in the general conditions of blacks had taken place between johnson 's era , when white supremacist groups like the ku klux klan [expressed/said] deeply-held sentiments , when at least three hundred and fifty blacks were illegally lynched and mixed marriages were forbidden , and that of ali , when conflict manifested itself in the watts riots and radicalism came in the form of the black power movements .

Conversely , ‘ the simultaneous and combined economic and political struggle of European workers … helps account for the more articulated class character of [ their ] labour movements ’ ( Kassalow , 1982 , p. 210 ) directed against a very visible and expanding bourgeoisie and , in part , a response to a more repressive state apparatus ( Geary , 1981 ) .
conversely , ‘ the simultaneous and combined economic and political struggle of european workers … helps account for the more [expressed/said] class character of [ their ] labour movements ’ ( kassalow , 1982 , p. 210 ) directed against a very visible and expanding bourgeoisie and , in part , a response to a more repressive state apparatus ( geary , 1981 ) .

The shallow space is articulated by the angled chair on which her Ladyship is seated , and by the elegant rococo table .
the shallow space is [expressed/said] by the angled chair on which her ladyship is seated , and by the elegant rococo table .

Chartism articulated experience within a complex rhetoric that interpellated radical working-class support at a national level .
chartism [expressed/said] experience within a complex rhetoric that interpellated radical working-class support at a national level .

The guild shared a common intellectual heritage with the main cooperative movement in Owenite and Christian socialisms , articulated around a particular conception of consumer power .
the guild shared a common intellectual heritage with the main cooperative movement in owenite and christian socialisms , [expressed/said] around a particular conception of consumer power .

Increasingly , as Britain expanded its imperial rule , this pragmatic concern for the people was articulated with a distinct sense of the British ( English ) nation ( Schwarz 1986 ) .
increasingly , as britain expanded its imperial rule , this pragmatic concern for the people was [expressed/said] with a distinct sense of the british ( english ) nation ( schwarz 1986 ) .

As articulated forcefully by Trotsky in Their Morality and Ours , this imperative seems to permit the liquidation of counter-revolutionary social classes , of one generation for another , and a whole range of outrageous Machiavellian manoeuvres , provided the ends of the proletariat or communism are advanced .
as [expressed/said] forcefully by trotsky in their morality and ours , this imperative seems to permit the liquidation of counter-revolutionary social classes , of one generation for another , and a whole range of outrageous machiavellian manoeuvres , provided the ends of the proletariat or communism are advanced .

If the problems requiring analysis are thus quite novel , the Marxist toolkit available for constructing a response has remained heavily influenced by the three approaches to the state articulated in Marx and Engels ' own work , namely , the instrumental , arbiter and functionalist models ( see pp .
if the problems requiring analysis are thus quite novel , the marxist toolkit available for constructing a response has remained heavily influenced by the three approaches to the state [expressed/said] in marx and engels ' own work , namely , the instrumental , arbiter and functionalist models ( see pp .

For on the one hand the Athenian type of behaviour might seem to be quite incompatible with local state obligations in law and electorally to majority , articulated , social interests .
for on the one hand the athenian type of behaviour might seem to be quite incompatible with local state obligations in law and electorally to majority , [expressed/said] , social interests .

Its articulated design allows it to negotiate sharp curves and it arrived at Brecon in Spring 1986 after its Indian home line closed the year before .
its [expressed/said] design allows it to negotiate sharp curves and it arrived at brecon in spring 1986 after its indian home line closed the year before .

Sonia said : ‘ It seemed to fit in with the spirit of the Festival — how political change in history is articulated — and celebrated the most remarkable use of language , worldwide .
sonia said : ‘ it seemed to fit in with the spirit of the festival — how political change in history is [expressed/said] — and celebrated the most remarkable use of language , worldwide .

( The facts that Rousseau never used the phrase ‘ noble savage ’ , and that Hobbes has been widely misinterpreted are irrelevant here , since my concern is not with the conceptions that two seminal thinkers actually articulated , but is rather with the stereotyped dichotomous conceptions of human nature and human society that have come to be associated with their names . )
( the facts that rousseau never used the phrase ‘ noble savage ’ , and that hobbes has been widely misinterpreted are irrelevant here , since my concern is not with the conceptions that two seminal thinkers actually [expressed/said] , but is rather with the stereotyped dichotomous conceptions of human nature and human society that have come to be associated with their names . )

This articulated railcar was scrapped in 1959 but the passenger trailer was towed , on road wheels fitted in place of the bogie to Dunfanaghy where it commenced its 30 year career as a holiday home .
this [expressed/said] railcar was scrapped in 1959 but the passenger trailer was towed , on road wheels fitted in place of the bogie to dunfanaghy where it commenced its 30 year career as a holiday home .

They did , however , have a political position , articulated most clearly in a remarkable letter ostensibly addressed to the newspaper Sovetskaya Rossiya in early 1988 by Nina Andreeva , a Leningrad chemistry lecturer .
they did , however , have a political position , [expressed/said] most clearly in a remarkable letter ostensibly addressed to the newspaper sovetskaya rossiya in early 1988 by nina andreeva , a leningrad chemistry lecturer .

As the courts have not articulated more precisely the content of the duty to act in the interests of the company we will continue to describe directors as being under a duty to maximise profits .
as the courts have not [expressed/said] more precisely the content of the duty to act in the interests of the company we will continue to describe directors as being under a duty to maximise profits .

While they undoubtedly have a duty of some sort in relation to the detection of management fraud , the details of that obligation have not been articulated .
while they undoubtedly have a duty of some sort in relation to the detection of management fraud , the details of that obligation have not been [expressed/said] .

But in any case if , as was argued in Chapter 1 , companies should be viewed as social enterprises , that is , they should be understood as vehicles for the promotion of the general good , then a requirement that managers should comply with publicly articulated decision- making standards , and that mechanisms should exist visibly to test compliance with them , should be regarded as something that is desirable in itself .
but in any case if , as was argued in chapter 1 , companies should be viewed as social enterprises , that is , they should be understood as vehicles for the promotion of the general good , then a requirement that managers should comply with publicly [expressed/said] decision- making standards , and that mechanisms should exist visibly to test compliance with them , should be regarded as something that is desirable in itself .

These were articulated more often when students were invited to talk about the arts than when students simply talked about physics .
these were [expressed/said] more often when students were invited to talk about the arts than when students simply talked about physics .

These two views of knowledge are rarely articulated in abstract form in undergraduate courses , although they do underlie arguments about the relationships between courses and departments .
these two views of knowledge are rarely [expressed/said] in abstract form in undergraduate courses , although they do underlie arguments about the relationships between courses and departments .

There is nothing which indicates a small band of activists , dedicated to an articulated philosophy of conservatism .
there is nothing which indicates a small band of activists , dedicated to an [expressed/said] philosophy of conservatism .

Vague notions about the tourist benefits of the monarchy might become more fully articulated , in order to combat contrary republican notions .
vague notions about the tourist benefits of the monarchy might become more fully [expressed/said] , in order to combat contrary republican notions .

Most of the major advances in the social sciences over the last two centuries , including the work of Freud and Marx , should lead us to be suspicious of any equation of importance with surface , suggesting that there are other forces both historical and unconscious which underlie this arena of language and linguistically articulated intent .
most of the major advances in the social sciences over the last two centuries , including the work of freud and marx , should lead us to be suspicious of any equation of importance with surface , suggesting that there are other forces both historical and unconscious which underlie this arena of language and linguistically [expressed/said] intent .

This system is finely attuned to new ventures in marketing and distribution , and is probably quite similar to the major South Asian forms of production which had previously established the foundations for large-scale international trade , in the absence of industrial machinery ; although , in that case , divisions in the production process , which allowed for control by merchants and middlemen , were more closely articulated by social divisions such as caste and purdah .
this system is finely attuned to new ventures in marketing and distribution , and is probably quite similar to the major south asian forms of production which had previously established the foundations for large-scale international trade , in the absence of industrial machinery ; although , in that case , divisions in the production process , which allowed for control by merchants and middlemen , were more closely [expressed/said] by social divisions such as caste and purdah .

poorly articulated aims and objectives , making measurement of performance difficult ;
poorly [expressed/said] aims and objectives , making measurement of performance difficult ;

Most writings seem to agree that leadership vision , or ‘ visioning ’ , as the process has sometimes been called , can be broken down into three distinct stages : ( 1 ) the envisioning of ‘ an image of a desired future organizational state ’ ( Bass , 1987 : 51 ) which ( 2 ) when effectively articulated and communicated to followers ( Bennis and Nanus , 1985 ; Tichy and Devanna , 1986 ; Gluck , 1984 ) serves ( 3 ) to empower those followers so that they can enact the vision ( Sashkin , 1987 ; Srivastva , 1983 ; Conger and Kanungo , 1987 ; Robbins and Duncan , 1987 ) .
most writings seem to agree that leadership vision , or ‘ visioning ’ , as the process has sometimes been called , can be broken down into three distinct stages : ( 1 ) the envisioning of ‘ an image of a desired future organizational state ’ ( bass , 1987 : 51 ) which ( 2 ) when effectively [expressed/said] and communicated to followers ( bennis and nanus , 1985 ; tichy and devanna , 1986 ; gluck , 1984 ) serves ( 3 ) to empower those followers so that they can enact the vision ( sashkin , 1987 ; srivastva , 1983 ; conger and kanungo , 1987 ; robbins and duncan , 1987 ) .

Rather , it is the vision articulated , the vision represented and communicated , in words and in actions .
rather , it is the vision [expressed/said] , the vision represented and communicated , in words and in actions .

Andrew Carnegie articulated the prevailing view :
andrew carnegie [expressed/said] the prevailing view :

It is articulated in Taylor 's ‘ scientific-management ’ concept , in Weber 's bureaucratic principles and in Fayol 's classical management teachings .
it is [expressed/said] in taylor 's ‘ scientific-management ’ concept , in weber 's bureaucratic principles and in fayol 's classical management teachings .

But the real job ( rather than the ideal version articulated by younger men ) is , as we shall see , much less about the application of science and technology to the measurement and control of pollution than the use of negotiating and bargaining skills to secure compliance .
but the real job ( rather than the ideal version [expressed/said] by younger men ) is , as we shall see , much less about the application of science and technology to the measurement and control of pollution than the use of negotiating and bargaining skills to secure compliance .

The affinity between dog and cat reveals itself in the number of equi-status or near-equi-status traits they have in common ; and the differences between dog and cat appear more sharply when the affinity patterns are articulated in greater detail by means of diagnostic frames .
the affinity between dog and cat reveals itself in the number of equi-status or near-equi-status traits they have in common ; and the differences between dog and cat appear more sharply when the affinity patterns are [expressed/said] in greater detail by means of diagnostic frames .

There are some unusually good things to see inside the church of Saint-Savin : a ‘ Eucharist tower ’ twenty feet and three storeys high , Gothic in style , and made of gilded wood ; two primitive fifteenth-century panels , each containing nine scenes from the life of the church 's name-saint ; a Renaissance organ carried on what is left of a wooden gallery that once ran right across the church , from transept to transept — on the front of the instrument are three articulated mascarons , which moved their eyes and tongues as the organ played , in representation of wretched earthly sinners , grimacing at the intolerable sound of joyful , heavenly music .
there are some unusually good things to see inside the church of saint-savin : a ‘ eucharist tower ’ twenty feet and three storeys high , gothic in style , and made of gilded wood ; two primitive fifteenth-century panels , each containing nine scenes from the life of the church 's name-saint ; a renaissance organ carried on what is left of a wooden gallery that once ran right across the church , from transept to transept — on the front of the instrument are three [expressed/said] mascarons , which moved their eyes and tongues as the organ played , in representation of wretched earthly sinners , grimacing at the intolerable sound of joyful , heavenly music .

The issue is not how natural differences determine and justify group definitions and interactions , but how racial logics and racial frames of reference are articulated and deployed , and with what consequences , ‘ Race ’ is conceptualized as ‘ an unstable and ‘ decentred ’ complex of social meanings constantly being transformed by political struggle ’ ( Omi and Winant , 1986 , p. 68 ) .
the issue is not how natural differences determine and justify group definitions and interactions , but how racial logics and racial frames of reference are [expressed/said] and deployed , and with what consequences , ‘ race ’ is conceptualized as ‘ an unstable and ‘ decentred ’ complex of social meanings constantly being transformed by political struggle ’ ( omi and winant , 1986 , p. 68 ) .

The debate about representation and culture is here articulated with a sharper political urgency .
the debate about representation and culture is here [expressed/said] with a sharper political urgency .

They argue that close attention to the processes through which constituencies are constructed and — inevitably temporary — links articulated between them allows for more effective forms of political calculation and intervention .
they argue that close attention to the processes through which constituencies are constructed and — inevitably temporary — links [expressed/said] between them allows for more effective forms of political calculation and intervention .

His cultural detective work leads him through aesthetic , anthropological and medical discourses about ‘ race ’ and sexuality , specifically as they were articulated around the figures of the female Hottentot and the prostitute in the nineteenth century .
his cultural detective work leads him through aesthetic , anthropological and medical discourses about ‘ race ’ and sexuality , specifically as they were [expressed/said] around the figures of the female hottentot and the prostitute in the nineteenth century .

Racialized discourses are always articulated in context : in an English or history class ; in a school corridor , dinner queue or playground ; at work or on the streets ; in one neighbourhood or another .
racialized discourses are always [expressed/said] in context : in an english or history class ; in a school corridor , dinner queue or playground ; at work or on the streets ; in one neighbourhood or another .

It has a theoretical structure which allows for the possibility of a variety of ‘ racisms ’ , depending upon how various elements of ‘ race ’ , ethnicity and nationality are combined , how they are articulated with gender and class , and how they are related to theories in the natural and social sciences and notions in popular culture and common sense .
it has a theoretical structure which allows for the possibility of a variety of ‘ racisms ’ , depending upon how various elements of ‘ race ’ , ethnicity and nationality are combined , how they are [expressed/said] with gender and class , and how they are related to theories in the natural and social sciences and notions in popular culture and common sense .

These operate as discursive resources to be drawn upon and articulated in different combinations in particular contexts , thus constantly opening up the possibility of tension , inconsistency and contradiction within and between sites .
these operate as discursive resources to be drawn upon and [expressed/said] in different combinations in particular contexts , thus constantly opening up the possibility of tension , inconsistency and contradiction within and between sites .

Here the myth of the founding text is most clearly articulated to that of the founding fathers , whose word lays down the laws of a history in which women and children do not count .
here the myth of the founding text is most clearly [expressed/said] to that of the founding fathers , whose word lays down the laws of a history in which women and children do not count .

With articulated limbs and facial expressions which even allow the effigy to weep tears and gnash its teeth , it springs fully to life before the hypnotized community , dragging the priest behind it , speaking recognizably in the voices of the recently as well as more distantly departed .
with [expressed/said] limbs and facial expressions which even allow the effigy to weep tears and gnash its teeth , it springs fully to life before the hypnotized community , dragging the priest behind it , speaking recognizably in the voices of the recently as well as more distantly departed .

But however different these patterns may be , key ideas will be repeated in each , and by the time you have written down the key words referring to your topic from half a dozen texts , you will be halfway to having the skeleton articulated .
but however different these patterns may be , key ideas will be repeated in each , and by the time you have written down the key words referring to your topic from half a dozen texts , you will be halfway to having the skeleton [expressed/said] .

Any inadequacy in the match between an articulated research programme and observational data is to be attributed , not to assumptions that constitute the hard core , but to some other part of the theoretical structure .
any inadequacy in the match between an [expressed/said] research programme and observational data is to be attributed , not to assumptions that constitute the hard core , but to some other part of the theoretical structure .

In Lakatos 's own words , ‘ The positive heuristic consists of a partially articulated set of suggestions or hints on how to change , develop , the ‘ refutable variants ’ of the research programme , how to modify , sophisticate , the ‘ refutable ’ protective belt ’ .
in lakatos 's own words , ‘ the positive heuristic consists of a partially [expressed/said] set of suggestions or hints on how to change , develop , the ‘ refutable variants ’ of the research programme , how to modify , sophisticate , the ‘ refutable ’ protective belt ’ .

Similarly , early Elvis Presley managed to link together elements connoting youth rebellion , working-class ‘ earthiness ’ and ethnic ‘ roots ’ , each of which can evoke the others , all of which were articulated together , however briefly , by a moment of popular self-assertion .
similarly , early elvis presley managed to link together elements connoting youth rebellion , working-class ‘ earthiness ’ and ethnic ‘ roots ’ , each of which can evoke the others , all of which were [expressed/said] together , however briefly , by a moment of popular self-assertion .

Thus the class orientation of early Elvis was shifted as his music was articulated to the interests of the dominant elements in the music business ; at the same time , his generational sharpness was muffled .
thus the class orientation of early elvis was shifted as his music was [expressed/said] to the interests of the dominant elements in the music business ; at the same time , his generational sharpness was muffled .

Articulated syntheses have vectorial qualities — not only a weight within the field but also a direction .
[expressed/said] syntheses have vectorial qualities — not only a weight within the field but also a direction .

Conventional music history 's delineation of the period through rigid Classical/Romantic periodization or ‘ great man ’ physiognomies hides a complex web of interactions , as old and new elements were articulated into a variety of patterns and meanings .
conventional music history 's delineation of the period through rigid classical/romantic periodization or ‘ great man ’ physiognomies hides a complex web of interactions , as old and new elements were [expressed/said] into a variety of patterns and meanings .

Official permissiveness was seen to be justified as , at both moments , ‘ rebellion ’ was to a large extent articulated to predominantly safer musical patterns with less subversive meanings .
official permissiveness was seen to be justified as , at both moments , ‘ rebellion ’ was to a large extent [expressed/said] to predominantly safer musical patterns with less subversive meanings .

Demands for greater ‘ freedom ’ and ‘ authenticity ’ can often be channelled into established stereotypes of rebellion and expression , and thus articulated to the framework of the dominant musical ideology , mediated by a discourse which is organized round notions of ‘ youth ’ , ‘ modernity ’ and ‘ pleasure ’ ; the result can be used across the age-range and across classes , securing the interests of cultural reproduction and of liberal tolerance .
demands for greater ‘ freedom ’ and ‘ authenticity ’ can often be channelled into established stereotypes of rebellion and expression , and thus [expressed/said] to the framework of the dominant musical ideology , mediated by a discourse which is organized round notions of ‘ youth ’ , ‘ modernity ’ and ‘ pleasure ’ ; the result can be used across the age-range and across classes , securing the interests of cultural reproduction and of liberal tolerance .

He transformed them — articulated them — into particular patterns .
he transformed them — [expressed/said] them — into particular patterns .

The ( mental ) environment displaces the ego from centre-stage — an important counter cultural theme , of course — though it is articulated using , among others , musical techniques familiar in the official culture .
the ( mental ) environment displaces the ego from centre-stage — an important counter cultural theme , of course — though it is [expressed/said] using , among others , musical techniques familiar in the official culture .

Nevertheless , these associations are articulated into a new pattern , and it is the vocal which plays an essential part in that process , in making the song a rock song .
nevertheless , these associations are [expressed/said] into a new pattern , and it is the vocal which plays an essential part in that process , in making the song a rock song .

With her large photographs of articulated manikins contorted to display their manikin — genitalia and plastic joke-shop breasts , Cindy Sherman attempts to make her male audience uncomfortably aware of the de-humanising nature of the western male 's fragmented erotic view of the female body .
with her large photographs of [expressed/said] manikins contorted to display their manikin — genitalia and plastic joke-shop breasts , cindy sherman attempts to make her male audience uncomfortably aware of the de-humanising nature of the western male 's fragmented erotic view of the female body .

In the immediate aftermath of the revolution this point of view was most clearly articulated by Russian anarchist writers .
in the immediate aftermath of the revolution this point of view was most clearly [expressed/said] by russian anarchist writers .

Not only do we lack a clearly articulated set of policy objectives , in the absence of a coordinating Ministry of Justice , we also lack the necessary institutional framework within which such a strategy could be implemented .
not only do we lack a clearly [expressed/said] set of policy objectives , in the absence of a coordinating ministry of justice , we also lack the necessary institutional framework within which such a strategy could be implemented .

Friend and his colleagues suggest that ‘ policy is essentially a stance which , once articulated , contributes to the context within which a succession of future decisions will be made ’ .
friend and his colleagues suggest that ‘ policy is essentially a stance which , once [expressed/said] , contributes to the context within which a succession of future decisions will be made ’ .

She did not notice the raggedly dressed , exhausted-looking woman who was carrying a heavy basket across the road towards her , until she heard the bitterly articulated :
she did not notice the raggedly dressed , exhausted-looking woman who was carrying a heavy basket across the road towards her , until she heard the bitterly [expressed/said] :

In this way the fully historical nature of the literary act is articulated in its progressive unfolding .
in this way the fully historical nature of the literary act is [expressed/said] in its progressive unfolding .

More significantly , what needs to be clearly articulated at this juncture is the fundamental emotional structure of Nizan 's personality , the product of his family existence between 1905 and 1916 .
more significantly , what needs to be clearly [expressed/said] at this juncture is the fundamental emotional structure of nizan 's personality , the product of his family existence between 1905 and 1916 .

The specific nature of Nizan 's personal anxieties and problems have already been articulated .
the specific nature of nizan 's personal anxieties and problems have already been [expressed/said] .

There undoubtedly existed in Nizan 's mind a clearly articulated political ethic during this period , an ethic which divided the world between those forces defending peace , culture , oppressed nations , democratic rights and freedoms , and those forces advocating war , barbarism , the destruction of culture , the oppression of nation states and the suppression of democratic rights and freedoms .
there undoubtedly existed in nizan 's mind a clearly [expressed/said] political ethic during this period , an ethic which divided the world between those forces defending peace , culture , oppressed nations , democratic rights and freedoms , and those forces advocating war , barbarism , the destruction of culture , the oppression of nation states and the suppression of democratic rights and freedoms .

Nizan 's systematic refusal to countenance hostile assessments of the developing Soviet state was again illustrated in 1937 when he was called upon to carry out the difficult task of responding to Andre Gide 's highly critical view of the Soviet Union articulated in the latter 's Retour de l'URSS .
nizan 's systematic refusal to countenance hostile assessments of the developing soviet state was again illustrated in 1937 when he was called upon to carry out the difficult task of responding to andre gide 's highly critical view of the soviet union [expressed/said] in the latter 's retour de l'urss .

This allegiance to Stalinist construction was perhaps most forcefully articulated in 1938 in Nizan 's critical review of Georges Friedmann 's De la Sainte Russie a l'URSS .
this allegiance to stalinist construction was perhaps most forcefully [expressed/said] in 1938 in nizan 's critical review of georges friedmann 's de la sainte russie a l'urss .

Unlike the sectarian views articulated in Les Chiens de garde in which the abstract idealism of bourgeois philosophers was condemned as a mystification , Nizan 's popular front interpretation was more realistic , more politicised .
unlike the sectarian views [expressed/said] in les chiens de garde in which the abstract idealism of bourgeois philosophers was condemned as a mystification , nizan 's popular front interpretation was more realistic , more politicised .

collective security During the four years that Nizan was writing in his capacity as foreign-affairs correspondent for L'Humanite ( 1935–7 ) and Ce Soir ( 1937–9 ) , he ceaselessly and fearlessly articulated a coherent antifascist diplomatic strategy based on the principle of collective security .
collective security during the four years that nizan was writing in his capacity as foreign-affairs correspondent for l'humanite ( 1935–7 ) and ce soir ( 1937–9 ) , he ceaselessly and fearlessly [expressed/said] a coherent antifascist diplomatic strategy based on the principle of collective security .

However , like all else , hostile value-judgements such as these assume significance only when placed within a clearly articulated historical context .
however , like all else , hostile value-judgements such as these assume significance only when placed within a clearly [expressed/said] historical context .

This general methodological point needs to be made forcefully at the outset since assessments of socialist realism tend to be somewhat peremptory and superficial through lack of a clearly articulated historical and theoretical view of the subject itself .
this general methodological point needs to be made forcefully at the outset since assessments of socialist realism tend to be somewhat peremptory and superficial through lack of a clearly [expressed/said] historical and theoretical view of the subject itself .

This general theoretical problem of the complex relationship between literature , ideology and history , is articulated in Georg Lukacs 's work on literary realism .
this general theoretical problem of the complex relationship between literature , ideology and history , is [expressed/said] in georg lukacs 's work on literary realism .

Nonetheless , hostility to socialist realism runs deep and it would seem appropriate and productive at this stage to examine briefly the more critical views of the practice of Stalinist socialist realism articulated quite dramatically by Georg Lukacs himself , in order to draw up another set of criteria by which to assess Nizan 's communist novels .
nonetheless , hostility to socialist realism runs deep and it would seem appropriate and productive at this stage to examine briefly the more critical views of the practice of stalinist socialist realism [expressed/said] quite dramatically by georg lukacs himself , in order to draw up another set of criteria by which to assess nizan 's communist novels .

This clash of interests , this conflict of class expectations is the bedrock of Nizan 's literary theories and results in a series of clearly articulated cultural divisions .
this clash of interests , this conflict of class expectations is the bedrock of nizan 's literary theories and results in a series of clearly [expressed/said] cultural divisions .

At the heart of the entire enterprise is a dual ambition ; on the one hand , to deliver literary production from the irresponsibility of an idealistic aestheticism by injecting a clearly articulated communist viewpoint into the literary process ; on the other , to ensure both the effectiveness of the ideological viewpoint itself and the universal quality of the work produced , by maintaining a fine balance between ideological ends and artistic means .
at the heart of the entire enterprise is a dual ambition ; on the one hand , to deliver literary production from the irresponsibility of an idealistic aestheticism by injecting a clearly [expressed/said] communist viewpoint into the literary process ; on the other , to ensure both the effectiveness of the ideological viewpoint itself and the universal quality of the work produced , by maintaining a fine balance between ideological ends and artistic means .

The pathos of Antoine 's predicament is clearly articulated in this passage .
the pathos of antoine 's predicament is clearly [expressed/said] in this passage .

This can not be articulated in a sufficiently quantifiable form , and even those elements more amenable to measurement will not be able to be measured accurately .
this can not be [expressed/said] in a sufficiently quantifiable form , and even those elements more amenable to measurement will not be able to be measured accurately .

Marley had a revolutionary 's zeal and a charismatic presence which made him an intensely romantic figure not only to the young blacks whose predicament he articulated , but also to the white rock audience .
marley had a revolutionary 's zeal and a charismatic presence which made him an intensely romantic figure not only to the young blacks whose predicament he [expressed/said] , but also to the white rock audience .

The task is to reverse an articulated truck into a loading bay .
the task is to reverse an [expressed/said] truck into a loading bay .

Their version of the problem is easier because the truck is not articulated .
their version of the problem is easier because the truck is not [expressed/said] .

This was never articulated directly , a variety of subtler means were employed ; humour , to engage an audience and convey an important message without alienation ; sensuality , in a particular response to materials and experimentation , a need to manipulate materials and accepted methods of doing things in order to extend traditional boundaries , blurring and redefining the nature of art , craft and commercial design .
this was never [expressed/said] directly , a variety of subtler means were employed ; humour , to engage an audience and convey an important message without alienation ; sensuality , in a particular response to materials and experimentation , a need to manipulate materials and accepted methods of doing things in order to extend traditional boundaries , blurring and redefining the nature of art , craft and commercial design .

How are these expectations and experiences articulated ?
how are these expectations and experiences [expressed/said] ?

The government 's position on the structure of higher education was articulated publicly for the first time by Crosland in his famous speech at Woolwich Polytechnic in 1965 , in which he declared the government 's acceptance of the need for a ‘ system based on the twin traditions which have created our present higher institutions ’ .
the government 's position on the structure of higher education was [expressed/said] publicly for the first time by crosland in his famous speech at woolwich polytechnic in 1965 , in which he declared the government 's acceptance of the need for a ‘ system based on the twin traditions which have created our present higher institutions ’ .

Then that he had first articulated it inside his head .
then that he had first [expressed/said] it inside his head .

She , in whom a natural clear spring of charm flowed vigorously , who expostulated , articulated and knew her own mind with commanding grace — in private , not in public of course ( before others who were not family , such confidence in a girl would seem an outrage ) — could not speak up now and tell Rosa what she felt .
she , in whom a natural clear spring of charm flowed vigorously , who expostulated , [expressed/said] and knew her own mind with commanding grace — in private , not in public of course ( before others who were not family , such confidence in a girl would seem an outrage ) — could not speak up now and tell rosa what she felt .

Since they will not be viewing the whole picture comprehensively , since they will perforce be selectively choosing values and acting on limited information , it is all the more important that the reasons why they have chosen a particular course of conduct should be articulated .
since they will not be viewing the whole picture comprehensively , since they will perforce be selectively choosing values and acting on limited information , it is all the more important that the reasons why they have chosen a particular course of conduct should be [expressed/said] .

These are articulated , in particular , through finance and economic affairs departments — in the United Kingdom , the Treasury .
these are [expressed/said] , in particular , through finance and economic affairs departments — in the united kingdom , the treasury .

It can therefore not be articulated on its own ; it must be spoken through the language of the symbolic , just as in Bakhtin 's ‘ dialogic ’ conception of parody one voice speaks through another which it seeks to undermine .
it can therefore not be [expressed/said] on its own ; it must be spoken through the language of the symbolic , just as in bakhtin 's ‘ dialogic ’ conception of parody one voice speaks through another which it seeks to undermine .

It was within this ideological framework which was always present but as outlined above became to be more and more publicly articulated by the Tories prior to 1979 that the operations of the justice system in England and Wales need to be considered .
it was within this ideological framework which was always present but as outlined above became to be more and more publicly [expressed/said] by the tories prior to 1979 that the operations of the justice system in england and wales need to be considered .

The cultural and ideological influence of the Conservative government since 1979 has been considerable , articulated most clearly in the utterances of Mrs Thatcher .
the cultural and ideological influence of the conservative government since 1979 has been considerable , [expressed/said] most clearly in the utterances of mrs thatcher .

The recognition of the linguistic ( English ) problems was occasionally articulated .
the recognition of the linguistic ( english ) problems was occasionally [expressed/said] .

It was Addison , formerly President of the Local Government Board , but with its demise now the first Minister of Health , who introduced the programme which articulated Lloyd George 's election promise to the voters of Wolverhampton in November 1918 that returning soldiers should have ‘ homes fit for heroes ’ .
it was addison , formerly president of the local government board , but with its demise now the first minister of health , who introduced the programme which [expressed/said] lloyd george 's election promise to the voters of wolverhampton in november 1918 that returning soldiers should have ‘ homes fit for heroes ’ .

Political sentiment was captured and articulated by a band of upper-middle-class reformers of the kind earlier represented by Beveridge and Keynes .
political sentiment was captured and [expressed/said] by a band of upper-middle-class reformers of the kind earlier represented by beveridge and keynes .

As we have seen , the ideals of private suburbia were deeply rooted , particularly in England , and in design terms the Unwinesque tradition of vernacular cottage architecture and the predilection for low-density layouts had been articulated in the inter-war council estate .
as we have seen , the ideals of private suburbia were deeply rooted , particularly in england , and in design terms the unwinesque tradition of vernacular cottage architecture and the predilection for low-density layouts had been [expressed/said] in the inter-war council estate .

Thirdly , both conceptions of the higher education enterprise were developed and indeed articulated within the framework of a set of wider philosophical values and meanings .
thirdly , both conceptions of the higher education enterprise were developed and indeed [expressed/said] within the framework of a set of wider philosophical values and meanings .

, Herbert William ( 1864–1913 ) , locomotive engineer and inventor of the Garratt articulated locomotive , was born 8 June 1864 at 11 Loddiges Road , Hackney , London , the son of William Garratt , umbrella manufacturer , and his wife Emma Hunt .
, herbert william ( 1864–1913 ) , locomotive engineer and inventor of the garratt [expressed/said] locomotive , was born 8 june 1864 at 11 loddiges road , hackney , london , the son of william garratt , umbrella manufacturer , and his wife emma hunt .

During those periods of service on overseas railways he had made a special study of existing types of articulated locomotive , such as the Fairlie , Meyer , and Mallet , and the problems involved in achieving , especially on narrow-gauge track , adequate stability , traction , and speed .
during those periods of service on overseas railways he had made a special study of existing types of [expressed/said] locomotive , such as the fairlie , meyer , and mallet , and the problems involved in achieving , especially on narrow-gauge track , adequate stability , traction , and speed .

His first sketches of the Garratt articulated locomotive show that he appreciated the advantages of mounting the boiler centrally between a pair of driving bogies carrying the fuel and water tanks .
his first sketches of the garratt [expressed/said] locomotive show that he appreciated the advantages of mounting the boiler centrally between a pair of driving bogies carrying the fuel and water tanks .

on the Algerian expresses which were headed by probably the fastest articulated locomotives ( 4–6–2+2–6–4 ) ever built .
on the algerian expresses which were headed by probably the fastest [expressed/said] locomotives ( 4–6–2+2–6–4 ) ever built .

In this , he articulated the theme of all his subsequent writings , that religion is the dynamic of all social culture .
in this , he [expressed/said] the theme of all his subsequent writings , that religion is the dynamic of all social culture .

This square building , with an arcaded ground floor , steep roof , and lantern is articulated by superimposed orders which carry Bell 's characteristic , garlanded , Ionic capitals .
this square building , with an arcaded ground floor , steep roof , and lantern is [expressed/said] by superimposed orders which carry bell 's characteristic , garlanded , ionic capitals .

’ ) that is articulated at the very top of the treble register and brings the work to its climax — an unforgettable piece of composition unequalled anywhere in the European music of its time .
’ ) that is [expressed/said] at the very top of the treble register and brings the work to its climax — an unforgettable piece of composition unequalled anywhere in the european music of its time .

that too much concentration on meeting articulated needs in an unimaginative and uncritical manner can result in a community education programme which , whilst reaching a section of the population never catered for before , in fact assists individual advancement but does little to assist collective advancement towards solutions to the problems of poverty and inequality found in working-class communities .
that too much concentration on meeting [expressed/said] needs in an unimaginative and uncritical manner can result in a community education programme which , whilst reaching a section of the population never catered for before , in fact assists individual advancement but does little to assist collective advancement towards solutions to the problems of poverty and inequality found in working-class communities .

In its milder forms this can be articulated as ‘ giving people what they want ’ — in reality , providing what the lowest common denominator commercial culture dictates ; but , in a significant number of instances , the element of ‘ social control ’ is quite explicit — the refusal to allow politically controversial topics to be discussed in government or local authority funded centres , for example .
in its milder forms this can be [expressed/said] as ‘ giving people what they want ’ — in reality , providing what the lowest common denominator commercial culture dictates ; but , in a significant number of instances , the element of ‘ social control ’ is quite explicit — the refusal to allow politically controversial topics to be discussed in government or local authority funded centres , for example .

This liberal model was articulated by one of the basic education tutors in the following way : ‘ To see the look of joy on someone 's face when they pass , when they 've never passed anything else in their lives , is wonderful … And the change in self-image is remarkable … a big boost in confidence .
this liberal model was [expressed/said] by one of the basic education tutors in the following way : ‘ to see the look of joy on someone 's face when they pass , when they 've never passed anything else in their lives , is wonderful … and the change in self-image is remarkable … a big boost in confidence .

She ignored the flickering screen , and let her thoughts drift on , because it was one of those rare times when she was thinking well , when striking and truthful ideas seemed to occur to her effortlessly , rising fully articulated into the mind , when it seemed possible that one day she might write poetry .
she ignored the flickering screen , and let her thoughts drift on , because it was one of those rare times when she was thinking well , when striking and truthful ideas seemed to occur to her effortlessly , rising fully [expressed/said] into the mind , when it seemed possible that one day she might write poetry .

as if he could arrest their development at that stage , and set them working like articulated models in a shop window , mechanically repeating the same gestures — Mrs Mallory always pouring out a cup of tea with a warm , motherly smile ; Mr Mallory always easing himself blissfully into his chair ; Patricia always reaching for the aspirins with womanly resignation , Clare always shyly yielding to the one good-night embrace …
as if he could arrest their development at that stage , and set them working like [expressed/said] models in a shop window , mechanically repeating the same gestures — mrs mallory always pouring out a cup of tea with a warm , motherly smile ; mr mallory always easing himself blissfully into his chair ; patricia always reaching for the aspirins with womanly resignation , clare always shyly yielding to the one good-night embrace …

even those words which can be produced are often poorly articulated ;
even those words which can be produced are often poorly [expressed/said] ;

Most patients with effortful , poorly articulated speech will have ungrammatical speech output with good speech comprehension , but not all — any two of these symptoms can exist without the third , so one can not offer a single theory accounting for all three symptoms at once .
most patients with effortful , poorly [expressed/said] speech will have ungrammatical speech output with good speech comprehension , but not all — any two of these symptoms can exist without the third , so one can not offer a single theory accounting for all three symptoms at once .

Vanessa Vail was fully articulated and tremendously detailed , but in no sense alive .
vanessa vail was fully [expressed/said] and tremendously detailed , but in no sense alive .

There is agreement , certainly in the mental health field ( Huxley , 1991a ) that case management works best when its purpose is clearly articulated in the form of service goals ; the outcome measures used actually assess progress in these target areas ; the theoretical model and content of the programme are consistent with the service goals ; and case management is focused on a narrowly defined target group of those most in need .
there is agreement , certainly in the mental health field ( huxley , 1991a ) that case management works best when its purpose is clearly [expressed/said] in the form of service goals ; the outcome measures used actually assess progress in these target areas ; the theoretical model and content of the programme are consistent with the service goals ; and case management is focused on a narrowly defined target group of those most in need .

It must proceed according to a set of obstacles , a set of rules , that is , through a ‘ process of selection and combination of language ’ , which itself is more bound than mobile in language 's articulated and differential nature .
it must proceed according to a set of obstacles , a set of rules , that is , through a ‘ process of selection and combination of language ’ , which itself is more bound than mobile in language 's [expressed/said] and differential nature .

Also distinctly non-modern in comparison with , say , Renaissance construction , were the heavy , articulated block-like volumes of baroque buildings .
also distinctly non-modern in comparison with , say , renaissance construction , were the heavy , [expressed/said] block-like volumes of baroque buildings .

As late as 1812 , this view was articulated by Dr. Samuel Farr whose book , Elements of Medical Jurisprudence , was published for the benefit of coroners and courts of law .
as late as 1812 , this view was [expressed/said] by dr. samuel farr whose book , elements of medical jurisprudence , was published for the benefit of coroners and courts of law .

Arguments between these two positions have never been fully articulated , and because of their highly theory-dependent nature are dealt with , in this book , only in passing .
arguments between these two positions have never been fully [expressed/said] , and because of their highly theory-dependent nature are dealt with , in this book , only in passing .

The difference between them is given in syntactic terms : `` Equative prolongation … is usually articulated by overt repetition or apposition … Additive prolongation … by parataxis or conjunction … Progressional prolongation … by subordination , both syntactic and conceptual `` ( pp .
the difference between them is given in syntactic terms : `` equative prolongation … is usually [expressed/said] by overt repetition or apposition … additive prolongation … by parataxis or conjunction … progressional prolongation … by subordination , both syntactic and conceptual `` ( pp .

In short , where there is an articulated policy which can clearly be applied to a case , development control and appeal decisions tend to abide by it .
in short , where there is an [expressed/said] policy which can clearly be applied to a case , development control and appeal decisions tend to abide by it .

The habit of the British overseas was to replicate the governing patterns of the Establishment in London , with its loose formal structure and very tight informal one , articulated through a wide variety of social occasions , and Egypt was no exception .
the habit of the british overseas was to replicate the governing patterns of the establishment in london , with its loose formal structure and very tight informal one , [expressed/said] through a wide variety of social occasions , and egypt was no exception .

Unless existing custodial protection can be extended to include software , the first step towards systematic acquisition will have faltered , and a justification for special provision will need to be articulated ab initio in much the same way as film and sound archives emerged as distinct organisational entities outside the object-centred museum establishment .
unless existing custodial protection can be extended to include software , the first step towards systematic acquisition will have faltered , and a justification for special provision will need to be [expressed/said] ab initio in much the same way as film and sound archives emerged as distinct organisational entities outside the object-centred museum establishment .

He claimed that , in a fully articulated theory of inflation , it was incorrect to assume that price expectations were static or , worse still , to ignore the role of price expectations altogether .
he claimed that , in a fully [expressed/said] theory of inflation , it was incorrect to assume that price expectations were static or , worse still , to ignore the role of price expectations altogether .

Since the contributors to the literature on the new classical macroeconomics rarely take the trouble to furnish a fully articulated theory of the firm in which cost shocks are given equal prominence with demand shocks , one is entitled to take what they have to say on short-run supply responses with a large fistful of salt .
since the contributors to the literature on the new classical macroeconomics rarely take the trouble to furnish a fully [expressed/said] theory of the firm in which cost shocks are given equal prominence with demand shocks , one is entitled to take what they have to say on short-run supply responses with a large fistful of salt .

This is hardly surprising since temporary equilibrium models lack a coherently articulated theory of interest which would allow the Keynes effect to be activated .
this is hardly surprising since temporary equilibrium models lack a coherently [expressed/said] theory of interest which would allow the keynes effect to be activated .

This concern displays a deeper understanding of the contradictions in science and technology than that which was articulated by the anti-science movement of the 1970s whose antecedents lay in the anti-culture movement of the 1960s .
this concern displays a deeper understanding of the contradictions in science and technology than that which was [expressed/said] by the anti-science movement of the 1970s whose antecedents lay in the anti-culture movement of the 1960s .

This is a choice between two types of reading , in that one can choose between them on the basis of whether the novel 's contradictions are to be articulated and sustained in the act of reading ( `` rhetorically aware `` ) or suppressed by the reading ( `` aesthetically responsive `` ) .
this is a choice between two types of reading , in that one can choose between them on the basis of whether the novel 's contradictions are to be [expressed/said] and sustained in the act of reading ( `` rhetorically aware `` ) or suppressed by the reading ( `` aesthetically responsive `` ) .

It is unfortunate if this in turn results in government decision-making based on pacifying sectarian jealousies rather than on clearly articulated criteria of need .
it is unfortunate if this in turn results in government decision-making based on pacifying sectarian jealousies rather than on clearly [expressed/said] criteria of need .

People articulated the need for local community attempts to make government and other agencies concerned with economic issues accountable .
people [expressed/said] the need for local community attempts to make government and other agencies concerned with economic issues accountable .

Disputes relating to rights and obligations centre upon interpreting the status quo , while third parties ' claims may rest upon interests or needs that have emerged or been articulated at some subsequent time .
disputes relating to rights and obligations centre upon interpreting the status quo , while third parties ' claims may rest upon interests or needs that have emerged or been [expressed/said] at some subsequent time .

The law applicable to the claims by or against other entities must be articulated either by analogy to the Convention , or under general international law .
the law applicable to the claims by or against other entities must be [expressed/said] either by analogy to the convention , or under general international law .

The measurement of frequency depends on the existence of a clearly articulated set of linguistic and stylistic categories .
the measurement of frequency depends on the existence of a clearly [expressed/said] set of linguistic and stylistic categories .

It was only the first of many devices that articulated party opinion against governments that the party theoretically supported .
it was only the first of many devices that [expressed/said] party opinion against governments that the party theoretically supported .

From the time it reached its fully articulated form in the middle twenties of this century it has been used daily by an army of honest toilers with consistently reliable results .
from the time it reached its fully [expressed/said] form in the middle twenties of this century it has been used daily by an army of honest toilers with consistently reliable results .

This new cultural leadership was articulated in terms of a spiritual character or aura which would elicit consent on the part of the governed and was of immense influence for the early development of the institutionalized discipline of English studies .
this new cultural leadership was [expressed/said] in terms of a spiritual character or aura which would elicit consent on the part of the governed and was of immense influence for the early development of the institutionalized discipline of english studies .

The ideal of a complete integration of the cultural mission of the universities with English was to be most clearly articulated in the pages of the Newbolt Report of 1921 , The Teaching of English in England , which is examined in detail in chapter 2 ( pp .
the ideal of a complete integration of the cultural mission of the universities with english was to be most clearly [expressed/said] in the pages of the newbolt report of 1921 , the teaching of english in england , which is examined in detail in chapter 2 ( pp .

Perhaps this was best articulated in the course of the presidential address to the Association by Sidney Lee in 1918 .
perhaps this was best [expressed/said] in the course of the presidential address to the association by sidney lee in 1918 .

None the less , given the Committee 's overall elevation of English , this discourse also implies a radical ( if indirectly articulated ) reappraisal of the university 's role in society and of its curriculum .
none the less , given the committee 's overall elevation of english , this discourse also implies a radical ( if indirectly [expressed/said] ) reappraisal of the university 's role in society and of its curriculum .

When articulated as a teaching programme for English one of the most interesting features of this urge to develop a " common touch " , or an affective bond between teachers and taught , is the centrality to be accorded to popular tastes , however " crude and unformed " they might be considered to be .
when [expressed/said] as a teaching programme for english one of the most interesting features of this urge to develop a " common touch " , or an affective bond between teachers and taught , is the centrality to be accorded to popular tastes , however " crude and unformed " they might be considered to be .

However , this sense had now to be articulated in new ways .
however , this sense had now to be [expressed/said] in new ways .

The sense of continuity articulated here is very different from the pre-war `` continuum `` .
the sense of continuity [expressed/said] here is very different from the pre-war `` continuum `` .

We commit ourselves to maximise the potential of communication in the task of nation-building and the Church 's mission . How we are to rise to the challenge is articulated in our plan of action , which follows :
we commit ourselves to maximise the potential of communication in the task of nation-building and the church 's mission . how we are to rise to the challenge is [expressed/said] in our plan of action , which follows :

To answer this question it must be noted that in sociology ( and elsewhere ) a feminist perspective appears to be polemical because it runs counter to the accepted male-oriented viewpoint — a viewpoint which is rarely explicitly articulated .
to answer this question it must be noted that in sociology ( and elsewhere ) a feminist perspective appears to be polemical because it runs counter to the accepted male-oriented viewpoint — a viewpoint which is rarely explicitly [expressed/said] .

The comparison with repetitive industrial work is thus articulated .
the comparison with repetitive industrial work is thus [expressed/said] .

The connection is articulated by some women in the sample .
the connection is [expressed/said] by some women in the sample .

Is a conception of self as housewife in fact articulated as part of the self-image ?
is a conception of self as housewife in fact [expressed/said] as part of the self-image ?

Its design is based around a huge central medallion , encircled by 16 smaller lob-medallions , set against a field of the most intricately articulated palmettes , floral sprays and islimi spirals ( pl .
its design is based around a huge central medallion , encircled by 16 smaller lob-medallions , set against a field of the most intricately [expressed/said] palmettes , floral sprays and islimi spirals ( pl .

In workshop rugs the medallion is usually floral-inspired and articulated in extremely intricate , curvilinear forms ( pls .
in workshop rugs the medallion is usually floral-inspired and [expressed/said] in extremely intricate , curvilinear forms ( pls .

It was buttressed by an increasing idealisation of domesticity , a growing specification and rationalisation in the censure of extra-marital sex ( partly articulated by what one sex reformer called ‘ the continued extension of the criminal law ’ ) and by the difficulty of divorce .
it was buttressed by an increasing idealisation of domesticity , a growing specification and rationalisation in the censure of extra-marital sex ( partly [expressed/said] by what one sex reformer called ‘ the continued extension of the criminal law ’ ) and by the difficulty of divorce .

This provided the language within which morality ( even the morality of non-believers ) was articulated , and many of the formal practices which actually regulated sexual behaviour .
this provided the language within which morality ( even the morality of non-believers ) was [expressed/said] , and many of the formal practices which actually regulated sexual behaviour .

While the grave concern about the prevalence of crime noted by The Times was often articulated , it was not yet politicized . Terence Morris has described how the problem of crime :
while the grave concern about the prevalence of crime noted by the times was often [expressed/said] , it was not yet politicized . terence morris has described how the problem of crime :

Stubbs points out , for instance , that many of the confusions for children acquiring literacy arise because these children are not yet familiar with some of the purposes for which writing is used and the conventions through which these purposes are articulated in their culture : ‘ many of its functions are often so specialised and particular ’ that they are ‘ mostly quite beyond children 's experience ’ and ‘ many of the situations which conventionally require writing are of a fairly specialised and restricted kind ’ ( ibid .
stubbs points out , for instance , that many of the confusions for children acquiring literacy arise because these children are not yet familiar with some of the purposes for which writing is used and the conventions through which these purposes are [expressed/said] in their culture : ‘ many of its functions are often so specialised and particular ’ that they are ‘ mostly quite beyond children 's experience ’ and ‘ many of the situations which conventionally require writing are of a fairly specialised and restricted kind ’ ( ibid .

Having become established , people tend to work within the tradition for reasons which are never properly articulated .
having become established , people tend to work within the tradition for reasons which are never properly [expressed/said] .

Quality adjusted life years ( QALYs ) form the core of the most thoroughly articulated theory of allocation in health care .
quality adjusted life years ( qalys ) form the core of the most thoroughly [expressed/said] theory of allocation in health care .

They tended to move in the same circles and share many of the same values as the liberal nobility and progressively minded public opinion articulated by journalists , writers , professors , and students .
they tended to move in the same circles and share many of the same values as the liberal nobility and progressively minded public opinion [expressed/said] by journalists , writers , professors , and students .

The political attitudes articulated by journalists and writers were by no means either homogeneous or uniformly hostile to the government .
the political attitudes [expressed/said] by journalists and writers were by no means either homogeneous or uniformly hostile to the government .

This opposition and critique is first articulated in the American debates surrounding the Declaration of Independence in 1776 and the writing of a constitution a decade later .
this opposition and critique is first [expressed/said] in the american debates surrounding the declaration of independence in 1776 and the writing of a constitution a decade later .

It was classically articulated by Edmund Burke in his Speech to the Electors of Bristol of November 3 , 1774 .
it was classically [expressed/said] by edmund burke in his speech to the electors of bristol of november 3 , 1774 .

The labrum is an unpaired sclerite usually movably articulated with the clypeus by means of the clypeolabral suture .
the labrum is an unpaired sclerite usually movably [expressed/said] with the clypeus by means of the clypeolabral suture .

These are a pair of very mobile jointed appendages which are articulated with the head in front of or between the eyes .
these are a pair of very mobile jointed appendages which are [expressed/said] with the head in front of or between the eyes .

The axillaries ( pteralia ) participate in the formation of the complex joint by which the wing is articulated to the thorax .
the axillaries ( pteralia ) participate in the formation of the complex joint by which the wing is [expressed/said] to the thorax .

This neo-Freudian theory has been articulated by Berger and others , and represents the sort of thinking underlying Dement 's original hypothesis , that the prevention of dreaming should cause emotional difficulties .
this neo-freudian theory has been [expressed/said] by berger and others , and represents the sort of thinking underlying dement 's original hypothesis , that the prevention of dreaming should cause emotional difficulties .

This point was articulated vociferously by Geraldine McCarthy of the festival committee , who is keenly aware of the dangers of the Irish gay culture and experience being subsumed within the larger ( and wealthier ! )
this point was [expressed/said] vociferously by geraldine mccarthy of the festival committee , who is keenly aware of the dangers of the irish gay culture and experience being subsumed within the larger ( and wealthier ! )

The only problem being this : having articulated themselves so fully , where the hell do they go from here ?
the only problem being this : having [expressed/said] themselves so fully , where the hell do they go from here ?

Rather , it will denote a general mode of thought , an orientation — an orientation towards Jesus and his teachings which derives ultimately from the original Nazarean position , as articulated by Jesus himself , then propagated by James , Jude or Judas Thomas and their immediate entourage .
rather , it will denote a general mode of thought , an orientation — an orientation towards jesus and his teachings which derives ultimately from the original nazarean position , as [expressed/said] by jesus himself , then propagated by james , jude or judas thomas and their immediate entourage .

This view was clearly articulated in Graco Inc .
this view was clearly [expressed/said] in graco inc .

The implicit assumptions upon which the ratios are based are contentious , value laden and rarely articulated .
the implicit assumptions upon which the ratios are based are contentious , value laden and rarely [expressed/said] .

Keith Clements , paintings/drawings ; Graham Loder , photographs , collages , articulated images/drawings ; Marilyn Panto , sculptures/drawings
keith clements , paintings/drawings ; graham loder , photographs , collages , [expressed/said] images/drawings ; marilyn panto , sculptures/drawings

Therefore , here again we have reservations about the position articulated by Alison Jaggar ( 1983 ) at the end of an excellent discussion of political philosophy from a feminist perspective :
therefore , here again we have reservations about the position [expressed/said] by alison jaggar ( 1983 ) at the end of an excellent discussion of political philosophy from a feminist perspective :

Maintenance staff at Sullom Voe are now getting to parts of the plant other standard lifting equipment can not reach following the acquisition of a new 90-tonne mobile crane and two articulated telescopic boom working platforms .
maintenance staff at sullom voe are now getting to parts of the plant other standard lifting equipment can not reach following the acquisition of a new 90-tonne mobile crane and two [expressed/said] telescopic boom working platforms .

‘ The new generation of manlift , with articulated booms , are far more versatile .
‘ the new generation of manlift , with [expressed/said] booms , are far more versatile .

His college had been validated under Phase 1 to offer courses for a Higher National Certificate in Information Technology which articulated with a Higher National Diploma and also two sets of Higher National Units , in Financial Services and in Enterprise Skills .
his college had been validated under phase 1 to offer courses for a higher national certificate in information technology which [expressed/said] with a higher national diploma and also two sets of higher national units , in financial services and in enterprise skills .

Political pressures from different parts of the country were articulated on a geographical basis and directed towards bureaucrats originating from the part of the country concerned .
political pressures from different parts of the country were [expressed/said] on a geographical basis and directed towards bureaucrats originating from the part of the country concerned .

It ‘ welds together all the differentiated and diversely articulated organs of social management , regulation and command into one immense structure of power ’ ( Feher , Heller and Markus 1983 , p. 109 ) .
it ‘ welds together all the differentiated and diversely [expressed/said] organs of social management , regulation and command into one immense structure of power ’ ( feher , heller and markus 1983 , p. 109 ) .

After independence , however , the interests of different factions within the Indian bourgeoisie could be articulated through the institutions of formal democracy .
after independence , however , the interests of different factions within the indian bourgeoisie could be [expressed/said] through the institutions of formal democracy .

Those values and interests are articulated through their unions , especially when public policy entails the reduction of service and therefore employment levels in the public sector .
those values and interests are [expressed/said] through their unions , especially when public policy entails the reduction of service and therefore employment levels in the public sector .

One possible exit from this cul-de-sac may be the idea ( it is not yet a fully articulated theory ) of dependency reversal .
one possible exit from this cul-de-sac may be the idea ( it is not yet a fully [expressed/said] theory ) of dependency reversal .

All these actors have development strategies , articulated and most actively propagated by ‘ modernizing elites ’ of one type or another ( see Gereffi and Wyman , 1987 ; Lewis and Kallab , 1986 ) .
all these actors have development strategies , [expressed/said] and most actively propagated by ‘ modernizing elites ’ of one type or another ( see gereffi and wyman , 1987 ; lewis and kallab , 1986 ) .

The first model considered is one of the best articulated ones and assumes fixed preferences and strategic government .
the first model considered is one of the best [expressed/said] ones and assumes fixed preferences and strategic government .

Thus it is clear that ( a ) affirms the footballer ; ( b ) also affirms the footballer because the speaker has made it clear that it is a personal reaction of liking or disliking which has nothing to do with appreciation of football 's being a good game ; ( c ) is affirming also because although criticism of the game is stated , its positive value comes first , and in any case the keen footballer is likely to be the first to agree that the level of enjoyment varies according to different games of football ; ( d ) however veers towards dismissal of football and therefore dismissal of what is meaningful to the footballer , because although it acknowledges that sometimes it is a good game the emphasis is on the negative side ; ( e ) is not affirming because even though the hurt to the footballer is cushioned by making it clear that this is a personal opinion , a very negative judgement is in fact articulated ; ( f ) has the straight effect of dismissing the footballer as well as football because it implies that anyone who spends time on football is stupid .
thus it is clear that ( a ) affirms the footballer ; ( b ) also affirms the footballer because the speaker has made it clear that it is a personal reaction of liking or disliking which has nothing to do with appreciation of football 's being a good game ; ( c ) is affirming also because although criticism of the game is stated , its positive value comes first , and in any case the keen footballer is likely to be the first to agree that the level of enjoyment varies according to different games of football ; ( d ) however veers towards dismissal of football and therefore dismissal of what is meaningful to the footballer , because although it acknowledges that sometimes it is a good game the emphasis is on the negative side ; ( e ) is not affirming because even though the hurt to the footballer is cushioned by making it clear that this is a personal opinion , a very negative judgement is in fact [expressed/said] ; ( f ) has the straight effect of dismissing the footballer as well as football because it implies that anyone who spends time on football is stupid .

Thus the `` domino `` theory , later articulated by the Americans , was anticipated by the British as early as 1948 – 49 .
thus the `` domino `` theory , later [expressed/said] by the americans , was anticipated by the british as early as 1948 – 49 .

Bonaventura articulated the theology of the Franciscans , inspired by the imitation of Christ in the life of poverty and love of their founder .
bonaventura [expressed/said] the theology of the franciscans , inspired by the imitation of christ in the life of poverty and love of their founder .

These aspects , if articulated at all , must therefore be governed by informal agreements .
these aspects , if [expressed/said] at all , must therefore be governed by informal agreements .

The Prince circus of over 20 articulated trucks of steel and lights and giant video screens will begin to roll into Meadowbank one week ahead of the show on Thursday July 29 .
the prince circus of over 20 [expressed/said] trucks of steel and lights and giant video screens will begin to roll into meadowbank one week ahead of the show on thursday july 29 .

This is in spite of the existence of clearly articulated curriculum materials and guidelines .
this is in spite of the existence of clearly [expressed/said] curriculum materials and guidelines .

Everyone was amazed when she first did , interrupting the teacher with a series of incoherent stammers which seemed to insist on being articulated , against her will .
everyone was amazed when she first did , interrupting the teacher with a series of incoherent stammers which seemed to insist on being [expressed/said] , against her will .

The significance of this fact will be dealt with later ; suffice it to say here that the effect of the listing arrived at by the formulators of the received tradition is to raise this perfectly acceptable and important generalization to the status of an unbroken rule , to smooth away all complications and to present a perfectly articulated chain of Muftis , all of whom remained in office until their deaths .
the significance of this fact will be dealt with later ; suffice it to say here that the effect of the listing arrived at by the formulators of the received tradition is to raise this perfectly acceptable and important generalization to the status of an unbroken rule , to smooth away all complications and to present a perfectly [expressed/said] chain of muftis , all of whom remained in office until their deaths .

After being seen whizzing out of the doors of a rink , he had to skate at speed along a footpath of the common , round a spiral pedestrian walkway , on to a road , grab the back of a passing bus , let go , cut across a main road between cars coming in both directions , go across another road — between the wheels of a moving articulated lorry — and end up in a babywear shop , somersaulting into a cot .
after being seen whizzing out of the doors of a rink , he had to skate at speed along a footpath of the common , round a spiral pedestrian walkway , on to a road , grab the back of a passing bus , let go , cut across a main road between cars coming in both directions , go across another road — between the wheels of a moving [expressed/said] lorry — and end up in a babywear shop , somersaulting into a cot .

Normal speech is so rapidly and informally articulated that there are seldom pauses between the words ( this may be verified from the waveform of the speech signal ) .
normal speech is so rapidly and informally [expressed/said] that there are seldom pauses between the words ( this may be verified from the waveform of the speech signal ) .

The Aborigines , like all human groups , had highly articulated languages .
the aborigines , like all human groups , had highly [expressed/said] languages .

An interesting development by Kitsons was the Kitson-Mayer articulated loco , which proved practical and successful , even after the rival Beyer Garratts had been introduced .
an interesting development by kitsons was the kitson-mayer [expressed/said] loco , which proved practical and successful , even after the rival beyer garratts had been introduced .

But the sonnet also provides a glimpse into the dilemmas of identity the Renaissance articulated .
but the sonnet also provides a glimpse into the dilemmas of identity the renaissance [expressed/said] .

Stephen Greenblatt 's self-confessional epilogue to his Renaissance Self-Fashioning which appeared in 1980 articulated a change of emphasis which marked out the most pronounced critical practice of Renaissance literary criticism in the past decade — the New Historicism .
stephen greenblatt 's self-confessional epilogue to his renaissance self-fashioning which appeared in 1980 [expressed/said] a change of emphasis which marked out the most pronounced critical practice of renaissance literary criticism in the past decade — the new historicism .

Indeed one of this form of revisionism 's characteristic positions is to stress localised events happening as a result of localised pressures rather than as responses to larger national happenings or , especially , to articulated ideological movements .
indeed one of this form of revisionism 's characteristic positions is to stress localised events happening as a result of localised pressures rather than as responses to larger national happenings or , especially , to [expressed/said] ideological movements .

Since distinct evidence for political actions is contained overwhelmingly in official records , repudiating the use of other forms of cultural documents on the grounds that they can not be clearly interpreted becomes an implicit acceptance of the state 's officially articulated view of social , political and cultural organisation .
since distinct evidence for political actions is contained overwhelmingly in official records , repudiating the use of other forms of cultural documents on the grounds that they can not be clearly interpreted becomes an implicit acceptance of the state 's officially [expressed/said] view of social , political and cultural organisation .

Mrs Thatcher , in her speech to the College of Europe at Bruges in 1988 , articulated that concern by declaring that her first guiding principle was that ‘ willing and active cooperation between independent sovereign states ’ was the best way to build a successful European Community .
mrs thatcher , in her speech to the college of europe at bruges in 1988 , [expressed/said] that concern by declaring that her first guiding principle was that ‘ willing and active cooperation between independent sovereign states ’ was the best way to build a successful european community .

In the Grundrisse manuscript of 1857–8 , Marx discussed social development in greater detail , on the basis of a wider historical knowledge which is no longer confined to Europe ; it is in this work that the concept of ‘ Asiatic society ’ is introduced , and as Hobsbawm ( 1964 , p. 32 ) remarked there now seem to be three or four alternative routes out of the primitive communal system : the oriental , the ancient , the Germanic ( or more broadly , feudal ) , and less clearly articulated , the Slavonic .
in the grundrisse manuscript of 1857–8 , marx discussed social development in greater detail , on the basis of a wider historical knowledge which is no longer confined to europe ; it is in this work that the concept of ‘ asiatic society ’ is introduced , and as hobsbawm ( 1964 , p. 32 ) remarked there now seem to be three or four alternative routes out of the primitive communal system : the oriental , the ancient , the germanic ( or more broadly , feudal ) , and less clearly [expressed/said] , the slavonic .

There is as yet no ‘ radical ’ theory sufficiently articulated in the areas needed to examine the incidence of taxes and expenditure .
there is as yet no ‘ radical ’ theory sufficiently [expressed/said] in the areas needed to examine the incidence of taxes and expenditure .

On the other hand , the model does provide certain insights , such as those concerning the effects of taxation on the scale of firms , in a fully articulated general equilibrium framework .
on the other hand , the model does provide certain insights , such as those concerning the effects of taxation on the scale of firms , in a fully [expressed/said] general equilibrium framework .

Sir Teddy Taylor recently articulated the argument that the anti-Common Marketeers have had to contend with and which has in many respects been found wanting .
sir teddy taylor recently [expressed/said] the argument that the anti-common marketeers have had to contend with and which has in many respects been found wanting .

Both , however , suggest that the ‘ set ’ towards the message leads to a renewed perception of reality , by generating a renewed awareness of the forms of signification in which reality is articulated .
both , however , suggest that the ‘ set ’ towards the message leads to a renewed perception of reality , by generating a renewed awareness of the forms of signification in which reality is [expressed/said] .

Their ‘ content ’ ( as articulated by Todorov ) both mirrors their form and implies a commentary on the nature of literary works in general .
their ‘ content ’ ( as [expressed/said] by todorov ) both mirrors their form and implies a commentary on the nature of literary works in general .

Frequently based on sound experience , these criteria are often implicit or not clearly articulated .
frequently based on sound experience , these criteria are often implicit or not clearly [expressed/said] .

Partial meanings become more clearly comprehended and relationships are articulated in a way that allows a work to be ‘ unpacked discursively ’ ( ibid ) .
partial meanings become more clearly comprehended and relationships are [expressed/said] in a way that allows a work to be ‘ unpacked discursively ’ ( ibid ) .

1.3.5 There was a need for provision which articulated with awards of other bodies eg the National Coaching Foundation .
1.3.5 there was a need for provision which [expressed/said] with awards of other bodies eg the national coaching foundation .

War production — the very continuance of the war itself — depended on civilian morale ; morale determined the need to take account of the blueprints for the future which had been articulated before the war began .
war production — the very continuance of the war itself — depended on civilian morale ; morale determined the need to take account of the blueprints for the future which had been [expressed/said] before the war began .

One of the biggest articulated vehicles on the road , the 44-foot long unit replaces an ageing , converted lorry trailer .
one of the biggest [expressed/said] vehicles on the road , the 44-foot long unit replaces an ageing , converted lorry trailer .

In the context of the discussion , however , this disagreement is not treated as face-threatening : it is not directed at Brenda 's personal position but at a proposition ( that the existence of `` halfcastes `` has confused racial boundaries ) which she has articulated and which is now `` up for grabs `` .
in the context of the discussion , however , this disagreement is not treated as face-threatening : it is not directed at brenda 's personal position but at a proposition ( that the existence of `` halfcastes `` has confused racial boundaries ) which she has [expressed/said] and which is now `` up for grabs `` .

Democratic nations , whether they have governments of the right or left , usually have well articulated policies towards intervention in private industry .
democratic nations , whether they have governments of the right or left , usually have well [expressed/said] policies towards intervention in private industry .

This belief was articulated within the official review of restrictive practices policy ( Department of Trade and Industry 1988c ) .
this belief was [expressed/said] within the official review of restrictive practices policy ( department of trade and industry 1988c ) .

It has to be admitted , though , that the real meaning of tragic myth was never consciously articulated by the Greek tragedians who used it .
it has to be admitted , though , that the real meaning of tragic myth was never consciously [expressed/said] by the greek tragedians who used it .

2 According to the organs which articulate them ( Jones 1909 ) : Alveolar Sounds articulated by the tip or blade of the tongue against the teeth ridge , eg normal /t/ .
2 according to the organs which articulate them ( jones 1909 ) : alveolar sounds [expressed/said] by the tip or blade of the tongue against the teeth ridge , eg normal /t/ .

Dental Sounds articulated by the tip of the tongue against the upper teeth , eg /0 , o(x)/ .
dental sounds [expressed/said] by the tip of the tongue against the upper teeth , eg /0 , o(x)/ .

Glottal Sounds articulated in the glottis , eg /h/ .
glottal sounds [expressed/said] in the glottis , eg /h/ .

Labial or Lip Sounds Sounds which may be sub-divided into bilabial : sounds articulated by the two lips , eg/p , m/and labio-dental : sounds articulated by the lower lip against the upper teeth , eg/f/ .
labial or lip sounds sounds which may be sub-divided into bilabial : sounds [expressed/said] by the two lips , eg/p , m/and labio-dental : sounds [expressed/said] by the lower lip against the upper teeth , eg/f/ .

Palatal Sounds articulated by the front of the tongue against the hear palate , eg /j/ .
palatal sounds [expressed/said] by the front of the tongue against the hear palate , eg /j/ .

Velar Sounds articulated by the back of the tongue against the soft palate , eg /k/ .
velar sounds [expressed/said] by the back of the tongue against the soft palate , eg /k/ .

Chomsky has claimed that the principles underlying the structure of language are so specific and so highly articulated that they must be regarded as being biologically determined ; that is , as constituting part of what we call `` human nature `` and as being genetically transmitted from parents to children .
chomsky has claimed that the principles underlying the structure of language are so specific and so highly [expressed/said] that they must be regarded as being biologically determined ; that is , as constituting part of what we call `` human nature `` and as being genetically transmitted from parents to children .

Single-car , articulated or double-decker , trams are one of the most reliable and enduring forms of public transport invented .
single-car , [expressed/said] or double-decker , trams are one of the most reliable and enduring forms of public transport invented .

After all , the Jumbo , a handsome and imposing articulated unit designed by architect , engineer and critic Klaus Giovanni Koenig , will be seen on the streets of Milan for the next half-century .
after all , the jumbo , a handsome and imposing [expressed/said] unit designed by architect , engineer and critic klaus giovanni koenig , will be seen on the streets of milan for the next half-century .

The clumsily articulated , yet effortlessly accurate , German came to a sudden halt .
the clumsily [expressed/said] , yet effortlessly accurate , german came to a sudden halt .

Gavoty knew Honegger and had discussed with him this astonishing work — ‘ a drama in three acts , a formless prayer articulated by a world in turmoil ' — which Honegger had written in the winter of 1945–6 .
gavoty knew honegger and had discussed with him this astonishing work — ‘ a drama in three acts , a formless prayer [expressed/said] by a world in turmoil ' — which honegger had written in the winter of 1945–6 .

They are there to get good attack so the notes are well articulated .
they are there to get good attack so the notes are well [expressed/said] .

No , because in the case of the Beethoven Seventh , he may not have learnt that quick music sounds dull unless every note is articulated .
no , because in the case of the beethoven seventh , he may not have learnt that quick music sounds dull unless every note is [expressed/said] .

Especially in the Belfast area , people would work for him , not because he was an evangelical who denounced apostasy and promoted sabbatarianism and temperance , but because he was a strong loyalist who articulated their suspicions that the leaders of the Unionist Party — ‘ the fur coat brigade ’ — were rather more interested in looking after themselves than they were in protecting working-class Protestants .
especially in the belfast area , people would work for him , not because he was an evangelical who denounced apostasy and promoted sabbatarianism and temperance , but because he was a strong loyalist who [expressed/said] their suspicions that the leaders of the unionist party — ‘ the fur coat brigade ’ — were rather more interested in looking after themselves than they were in protecting working-class protestants .

If you can drive an articulated truck to the main floor from the street outside , you know you 're in business .
if you can drive an [expressed/said] truck to the main floor from the street outside , you know you 're in business .

Although it looked completely different , it was this truck that gave me the concept for ‘ MiniMag ’ , the 27ft ( 8m ) articulated truck that we used for Mrs Thatcher 's open-air meetings in the 1987 election .
although it looked completely different , it was this truck that gave me the concept for ‘ minimag ’ , the 27ft ( 8m ) [expressed/said] truck that we used for mrs thatcher 's open-air meetings in the 1987 election .

Can we imagine , for instance , that rulers could effectively have articulated their image through Christ , had there been no religious feeling in society as a whole to which appeal could be made , when they projected the Christ-image of rule ?
can we imagine , for instance , that rulers could effectively have [expressed/said] their image through christ , had there been no religious feeling in society as a whole to which appeal could be made , when they projected the christ-image of rule ?

This was how the identity of a local community was articulated against its oppressors ; this was where local men and women , also , were helped in their illnesses and misfortunes generally ; this was a major instrument of social order at the grass roots in an age of political fragmentation .
this was how the identity of a local community was [expressed/said] against its oppressors ; this was where local men and women , also , were helped in their illnesses and misfortunes generally ; this was a major instrument of social order at the grass roots in an age of political fragmentation .

The posting has caused some concern among Nationalists and in Dublin , where , in the interests of building a good working relationship from the outset , the worry has not been publicly articulated .
the posting has caused some concern among nationalists and in dublin , where , in the interests of building a good working relationship from the outset , the worry has not been publicly [expressed/said] .

Churchill 's Iron Curtain speech in March 1946 at Fulton , Missouri , and Montgomery 's discussions in September with the American Joint Chiefs of Staff , on the Potomac river in the yacht Sequoia , articulated the threat and laid the foundations for Anglo-American cooperation in the defence of Western Europe .
churchill 's iron curtain speech in march 1946 at fulton , missouri , and montgomery 's discussions in september with the american joint chiefs of staff , on the potomac river in the yacht sequoia , [expressed/said] the threat and laid the foundations for anglo-american cooperation in the defence of western europe .

Unlike oceanic dolphins , they have articulated vertebrae similar to those of land mammals , which enable them to manoeuvre through tree trunks and roots in flooded forests .
unlike oceanic dolphins , they have [expressed/said] vertebrae similar to those of land mammals , which enable them to manoeuvre through tree trunks and roots in flooded forests .

The uneasy feeling that , despite his claim to make things out of ideas , Berkeley has ‘ banished all that is real and substantial out of the world ’ , can be articulated by suggesting that , whatever philosophers might want to say about ‘ real things ’ , common sense will want to speak about them in ways which , at least at first sight , are not licensed by their being constructed out of ideas .
the uneasy feeling that , despite his claim to make things out of ideas , berkeley has ‘ banished all that is real and substantial out of the world ’ , can be [expressed/said] by suggesting that , whatever philosophers might want to say about ‘ real things ’ , common sense will want to speak about them in ways which , at least at first sight , are not licensed by their being constructed out of ideas .

Their frustrations used to be articulated by Mrs Thatcher , but she is now as likely to be a cause of them as a cure .
their frustrations used to be [expressed/said] by mrs thatcher , but she is now as likely to be a cause of them as a cure .

They can also be divided crossways into three regions , a well-defined head ( cephalon ) at the front , usually equipped with a pair of eyes , a thorax with a variable number of articulated segments , and at the back end a tail ( or pygidium ) formed by the fusion of several segments .
they can also be divided crossways into three regions , a well-defined head ( cephalon ) at the front , usually equipped with a pair of eyes , a thorax with a variable number of [expressed/said] segments , and at the back end a tail ( or pygidium ) formed by the fusion of several segments .

Where the Free Cinema films articulated an animus against television and the pressure of mass culture on ‘ authentic , cultural values , the new mode adopted styles from television advertisements .
where the free cinema films [expressed/said] an animus against television and the pressure of mass culture on ‘ authentic , cultural values , the new mode adopted styles from television advertisements .

His recording of the First Piano Concerto is sparklingly assured — crisply articulated but with enough sensitivity to convey the inevitable bitter-sweet character of the slow movement .
his recording of the first piano concerto is sparklingly assured — crisply [expressed/said] but with enough sensitivity to convey the inevitable bitter-sweet character of the slow movement .

The argument is therefore not about police control or a utopia without controls , but to explore why some cultural behaviour has a history of police action and to discover where that behaviour fits into police ideology . Its status or ( as importantly ) its lack of value creates complex systems of meaning which are rarely articulated ; for the police world has similar strictures to that which Benedict ( 1967 ) described in her attempts to understand the rigidities of Japanese culture :
the argument is therefore not about police control or a utopia without controls , but to explore why some cultural behaviour has a history of police action and to discover where that behaviour fits into police ideology . its status or ( as importantly ) its lack of value creates complex systems of meaning which are rarely [expressed/said] ; for the police world has similar strictures to that which benedict ( 1967 ) described in her attempts to understand the rigidities of japanese culture :

For ‘ real polises ’ there is a rarely articulated awareness that this ambiguity can always turn in on itself and be used for good or evil , or even as an instrument of oppression or release .
for ‘ real polises ’ there is a rarely [expressed/said] awareness that this ambiguity can always turn in on itself and be used for good or evil , or even as an instrument of oppression or release .

She eventually articulated a philosophy which depended in large and explicit measure on repudiating what Conservatism had said about the role of the State for the past 30 years .
she eventually [expressed/said] a philosophy which depended in large and explicit measure on repudiating what conservatism had said about the role of the state for the past 30 years .

’ Rose articulated what they felt .
’ rose [expressed/said] what they felt .

Eliot was doing this before he had articulated a theory about it .
eliot was doing this before he had [expressed/said] a theory about it .

If Genet is seduced by the magnanimity of the fedayeen , their selflessness , courage , humour , and love for each other , he is also perplexed and disillusioned by the inseparability of these qualities from an ‘ underlying desire for self-slaughter , for glorious death if victory was impossible ’ ( pp. 271 — 2 ) . Surfacing from that perplexity , which is to say between , and sometimes within , the lyrical meditations on love , is the sense of a truly disturbing proximity of antagonists , most powerfully articulated in Genet 's angry ‘ fantasy ’ of the palace and the shanty town :
if genet is seduced by the magnanimity of the fedayeen , their selflessness , courage , humour , and love for each other , he is also perplexed and disillusioned by the inseparability of these qualities from an ‘ underlying desire for self-slaughter , for glorious death if victory was impossible ’ ( pp. 271 — 2 ) . surfacing from that perplexity , which is to say between , and sometimes within , the lyrical meditations on love , is the sense of a truly disturbing proximity of antagonists , most powerfully [expressed/said] in genet 's angry ‘ fantasy ’ of the palace and the shanty town :

The conceptual distinction between perceptions and attitudes is clear ; but perceptions of party chances or the state of the economy imply an element of approval or disapproval when articulated by the electorate .
the conceptual distinction between perceptions and attitudes is clear ; but perceptions of party chances or the state of the economy imply an element of approval or disapproval when [expressed/said] by the electorate .

( They are purely objective perceptions when articulated by political scientists or professional economists , of course . )
( they are purely objective perceptions when [expressed/said] by political scientists or professional economists , of course . )

The range of available papers , judged by their partisanship , was inadequate for either the Libertarian or Public Service Ideals , though left-wing perspectives were articulated by a small minority of the press .
the range of available papers , judged by their partisanship , was inadequate for either the libertarian or public service ideals , though left-wing perspectives were [expressed/said] by a small minority of the press .

And Hall himself , long and loose , with his body articulated into a thousand joints , shows how naturally this style comes to him .
and hall himself , long and loose , with his body [expressed/said] into a thousand joints , shows how naturally this style comes to him .

There is a contrary view , articulated , for example , by Black et al .
there is a contrary view , [expressed/said] , for example , by black et al .

Once more , the question of what is morally or ideologically correct is not at issue here : political rectitude is not a consideration since the politics of ‘ race relations ’ are not articulated and can not therefore be interrogated .
once more , the question of what is morally or ideologically correct is not at issue here : political rectitude is not a consideration since the politics of ‘ race relations ’ are not [expressed/said] and can not therefore be interrogated .

‘ Her vocabulary is so articulated .
‘ her vocabulary is so [expressed/said] .

Illona 's vocabulary is so articulated . Look how that flower is just a bit of wire hovering over her hat
illona 's vocabulary is so [expressed/said] . look how that flower is just a bit of wire hovering over her hat

Although the problem may not always be clearly articulated , these women are seeking alternative rituals that affirm female distinctiveness as a source of sacrality .
although the problem may not always be clearly [expressed/said] , these women are seeking alternative rituals that affirm female distinctiveness as a source of sacrality .

The development of the nouveau roman is often claimed to illustrate the evolution from modernism to postmodernism — a transition which has been perceived and articulated by several of the nouveaux romanciers themselves .
the development of the nouveau roman is often claimed to illustrate the evolution from modernism to postmodernism — a transition which has been perceived and [expressed/said] by several of the nouveaux romanciers themselves .

It was , as they saw it , Mrs Thatcher 's abuse of the loosely defined conventions that made such politically conscious people demand constitutional reform , one cardinal feature of which should be a properly articulated status of citizenship .
it was , as they saw it , mrs thatcher 's abuse of the loosely defined conventions that made such politically conscious people demand constitutional reform , one cardinal feature of which should be a properly [expressed/said] status of citizenship .

Her hair , glowing like a brazier through the early-morning mist , her high boots and her cream-coloured quilted jacket with its exaggerated shoulders , had drawn his gaze as he sat impatiently in a line of cars while the pickets argued with the driver of an articulated wagon that was trying to enter the University .
her hair , glowing like a brazier through the early-morning mist , her high boots and her cream-coloured quilted jacket with its exaggerated shoulders , had drawn his gaze as he sat impatiently in a line of cars while the pickets argued with the driver of an [expressed/said] wagon that was trying to enter the university .

The logic of this approach , articulated by Home Secretary Douglas Hurd most clearly , was that the riots were both ‘ unjustifiable ’ and a ‘ criminal activity ’ . In a widely reported speech to police chiefs at the time of the disorders Hurd made this point clear :
the logic of this approach , [expressed/said] by home secretary douglas hurd most clearly , was that the riots were both ‘ unjustifiable ’ and a ‘ criminal activity ’ . in a widely reported speech to police chiefs at the time of the disorders hurd made this point clear :

It consists of a fortuitous , almost accidental , alliance between a particular fraction of development capital and New Right political reformers , not always particularly clearly articulated , which has in the last few years managed to don the cloak of inner city concern .
it consists of a fortuitous , almost accidental , alliance between a particular fraction of development capital and new right political reformers , not always particularly clearly [expressed/said] , which has in the last few years managed to don the cloak of inner city concern .

The role of the community group is more than to be a channel through which individual needs and requests ( however exclusive or partisan ) are articulated to local government .
the role of the community group is more than to be a channel through which individual needs and requests ( however exclusive or partisan ) are [expressed/said] to local government .

The view expressed by health economists such as Alan Maynard is still one which is rarely articulated quite so starkly : ‘ We have to demonstrate much more clearly that the spending involved in care for elderly people is spending which is efficient .
the view expressed by health economists such as alan maynard is still one which is rarely [expressed/said] quite so starkly : ‘ we have to demonstrate much more clearly that the spending involved in care for elderly people is spending which is efficient .

The respective rights of young and old — whether for health or welfare and income support — have not generally been articulated as sharply in this country as they have in the United States .
the respective rights of young and old — whether for health or welfare and income support — have not generally been [expressed/said] as sharply in this country as they have in the united states .

The theory , articulated formally by Malinowski ( 1954 ) , states that these practices constitute a form of magical insurance policy against normal catastrophic events , such as accidents , sickness , hunting failure or famine .
the theory , [expressed/said] formally by malinowski ( 1954 ) , states that these practices constitute a form of magical insurance policy against normal catastrophic events , such as accidents , sickness , hunting failure or famine .

The passenger-carrying airline pilot , the scientist operating the nuclear reactor , the chemist in charge of research into the possible effects of , for example , Thalidomide , the driver of the Manchester to London express , the driver of an articulated lorry full of sulphuric acid , are all in a position in which one failure to maintain the proper standard of professional skill can bring about a major disaster .
the passenger-carrying airline pilot , the scientist operating the nuclear reactor , the chemist in charge of research into the possible effects of , for example , thalidomide , the driver of the manchester to london express , the driver of an [expressed/said] lorry full of sulphuric acid , are all in a position in which one failure to maintain the proper standard of professional skill can bring about a major disaster .

The Police Union , as always , articulated a pragmatic cynicism about the pressures for arrests .
the police union , as always , [expressed/said] a pragmatic cynicism about the pressures for arrests .

In the southern bay all the vehicles needing a heavy repair , or vehicles of a larger type ie : six wheel bogies , articulated stock etc , were repaired , but these were placed on stands and completed in a static position .
in the southern bay all the vehicles needing a heavy repair , or vehicles of a larger type ie : six wheel bogies , [expressed/said] stock etc , were repaired , but these were placed on stands and completed in a static position .

The modern articulated lorry was born at Wolverton Works .
the modern [expressed/said] lorry was born at wolverton works .

They may or may not be articulated in formal jargon or ‘ in languages ’ which restrict their currency and mark off the professional status or their practitioners , as in medicine and the law .
they may or may not be [expressed/said] in formal jargon or ‘ in languages ’ which restrict their currency and mark off the professional status or their practitioners , as in medicine and the law .

The sharper the boundaries , the more likely the dynamic between them will be articulated through more of less formal , institutionalised modes of mediation : patrons , brokers , interpreters , committees , councils and the like .
the sharper the boundaries , the more likely the dynamic between them will be [expressed/said] through more of less formal , institutionalised modes of mediation : patrons , brokers , interpreters , committees , councils and the like .

Therefore it remains for us to sketch out a more articulated theory based upon Bukharin 's ideas of disproportionality and dis-equilibrium .
therefore it remains for us to sketch out a more [expressed/said] theory based upon bukharin 's ideas of disproportionality and dis-equilibrium .

Yet the material is articulated in a welter of precisely defined and highly original instrumental detail , which keeps the foreground in continuous , glinting , dithyrambic activity while in the background ( and low in the bass ) there is a quite different sense of motion : slow , glacial , inevitable .
yet the material is [expressed/said] in a welter of precisely defined and highly original instrumental detail , which keeps the foreground in continuous , glinting , dithyrambic activity while in the background ( and low in the bass ) there is a quite different sense of motion : slow , glacial , inevitable .

The daunting concertante piano part is well integrated into the burgeoning orchestral texture , and sharply articulated by Love Derwinger .
the daunting concertante piano part is well integrated into the burgeoning orchestral texture , and sharply [expressed/said] by love derwinger .

Perhaps surprisingly for a conductor who is also a singer , Jacob 's direction tends towards the fast and furious style of Handel interpretation , with dramatically accentuated rhythms and strongly articulated bass lines .
perhaps surprisingly for a conductor who is also a singer , jacob 's direction tends towards the fast and furious style of handel interpretation , with dramatically accentuated rhythms and strongly [expressed/said] bass lines .

Children incorporate more detail into their play themes and beneﬁt from increasingly varied and ﬂexible props—hand and ﬁnger puppets ; dolls with articulated limbs that can be manipulated ; doll clothing with buttons , zippers , and other fasteners ; more housekeeping accessories , such as high chairs , bassinets , and cooking , serving , and washing equipment ; and diverse play animals , including ﬁsh , reptiles , dinosaurs , and exotic species .
children incorporate more detail into their play themes and beneﬁt from increasingly varied and ﬂexible props—hand and ﬁnger puppets ; dolls with [expressed/said] limbs that can be manipulated ; doll clothing with buttons , zippers , and other fasteners ; more housekeeping accessories , such as high chairs , bassinets , and cooking , serving , and washing equipment ; and diverse play animals , including ﬁsh , reptiles , dinosaurs , and exotic species .

The titanium sheets simply follow the churning surfaces like shingles on a Shingle Style roof ; limestone is used in a similarly unaffected fashion , without articulated joints .
the titanium sheets simply follow the churning surfaces like shingles on a shingle style roof ; limestone is used in a similarly unaffected fashion , without [expressed/said] joints .

It was articulated in the manifesto , El Plan Espiritual de Aztlán , a document that outlined an ideology meant to unite all Chicanos of the Southwest .
it was [expressed/said] in the manifesto , el plan espiritual de aztlán , a document that outlined an ideology meant to unite all chicanos of the southwest .

This , I regret to say , is the best reconstruction I can offer for a view that never seems to get articulated ; namely , why we should pay so much attention to the wishes and desires of the agents who bequeathed to us the words we live by .
this , i regret to say , is the best reconstruction i can offer for a view that never seems to get [expressed/said] ; namely , why we should pay so much attention to the wishes and desires of the agents who bequeathed to us the words we live by .

All three of the articulated dissents empathized with the independent butchers ’ economic freedom to carry on their trade without paying tolls to those favored by the Louisiana legislature .
all three of the [expressed/said] dissents empathized with the independent butchers ’ economic freedom to carry on their trade without paying tolls to those favored by the louisiana legislature .

The leading jurist of the seventeenth century , Sir Edward Coke , articulated this principle in a case in which the Crown had granted an exclusive franchise to a London merchant to buy and sell playing cards of a certain type .
the leading jurist of the seventeenth century , sir edward coke , [expressed/said] this principle in a case in which the crown had granted an exclusive franchise to a london merchant to buy and sell playing cards of a certain type .

It enjoyed a fate comparable to the inalienable right to the “ pursuit of happiness ” as articulated in the Declaration of Independence .
it enjoyed a fate comparable to the inalienable right to the “ pursuit of happiness ” as [expressed/said] in the declaration of independence .

Lincoln justified his unilateral action with a famous claim of necessity , articulated in a message to Congress on July 4 , 1861 :
lincoln justified his unilateral action with a famous claim of necessity , [expressed/said] in a message to congress on july 4 , 1861 :

Most significantly , the four new points of reference were all articulated in the Gettysburg Address .
most significantly , the four new points of reference were all [expressed/said] in the gettysburg address .

Our notion of equality-in-creation derives from the view that we are all of ultimate value , an idea that can be expressed either by going back to the biblical idea of creation in the image of God or taking the secular alternative of human dignity beyond all price , as articulated in Kant ’ s moral theory .
our notion of equality-in-creation derives from the view that we are all of ultimate value , an idea that can be expressed either by going back to the biblical idea of creation in the image of god or taking the secular alternative of human dignity beyond all price , as [expressed/said] in kant ’ s moral theory .

The tone is set by the formal elegance of the Piazza Castello , dominated by Filippo Juvarra ’ s richly articulated Baroque façade for the Palazzo Madama .
the tone is set by the formal elegance of the piazza castello , dominated by filippo juvarra ’ s richly [expressed/said] baroque façade for the palazzo madama .

Brief motivational interventions have been used with a wide range of problem drinkers and have been found to be effective in reducing drinking and its consequences.38 Goals for this treatment are articulated by the client and can include reduction as well as abstinence from alcohol .
brief motivational interventions have been used with a wide range of problem drinkers and have been found to be effective in reducing drinking and its consequences.38 goals for this treatment are [expressed/said] by the client and can include reduction as well as abstinence from alcohol .

Its findings underscore the policies articulated in Appendix III to OMB Circular A-130 , `` Security of Federal Automated Information Resources . ''
its findings underscore the policies [expressed/said] in appendix iii to omb circular a-130 , `` security of federal automated information resources . ''

Its findings underscore the policies articulated in Appendix III to OMB Circular A-130 , `` Security of Federal Automated Information Resources . ''
its findings underscore the policies [expressed/said] in appendix iii to omb circular a-130 , `` security of federal automated information resources . ''

I am convinced that the Strategic Plan we have articulated with the support of the Congress will provide a strong framework for improving government and meeting the nation 's challenges in the years ahead .
i am convinced that the strategic plan we have [expressed/said] with the support of the congress will provide a strong framework for improving government and meeting the nation 's challenges in the years ahead .

These modified protocols are articulated in the sections of this document entitled Testimony and Office of Special Investigations .
these modified protocols are [expressed/said] in the sections of this document entitled testimony and office of special investigations .

The Commissioner has articulated a new mission for the agency , together with support for strategic goals that balance customer service and compliance with tax laws.3 Moreover , the Commissioner has initiated a modernization effort that touches virtually every aspect of the agency , including business practices , organizational structure , management roles and responsibilities , performance measures , and technology .
the commissioner has [expressed/said] a new mission for the agency , together with support for strategic goals that balance customer service and compliance with tax laws.3 moreover , the commissioner has initiated a modernization effort that touches virtually every aspect of the agency , including business practices , organizational structure , management roles and responsibilities , performance measures , and technology .

In making the recommendation , the VP for Programs shall be guided by state planners ' responsiveness to the enumerated reconfiguration standards ; the analysis and recommendations of the LSC state planning team ; the articulated concerns of the DSPB ; and any other information deemed to be relevant by the VP of Programs .
in making the recommendation , the vp for programs shall be guided by state planners ' responsiveness to the enumerated reconfiguration standards ; the analysis and recommendations of the lsc state planning team ; the [expressed/said] concerns of the dspb ; and any other information deemed to be relevant by the vp of programs .

In making the decision , the President shall be guided by state planners ' responsiveness to enumerated reconfiguration standards ; the analyses and recommendations of the LSC state planning team and the VP for Programs ; the articulated concerns of the DSPB ; and any other information deemed relevant by the President .
in making the decision , the president shall be guided by state planners ' responsiveness to enumerated reconfiguration standards ; the analyses and recommendations of the lsc state planning team and the vp for programs ; the [expressed/said] concerns of the dspb ; and any other information deemed relevant by the president .

LSC will only adopt a different configuration based upon good and substantial reasons clearly articulated in writing and tied to the specific standards enumerated herein .
lsc will only adopt a different configuration based upon good and substantial reasons clearly [expressed/said] in writing and tied to the specific standards enumerated herein .

It usually takes on foreign policy and national security issues after threats are identified and articulated by the administration .
it usually takes on foreign policy and national security issues after threats are identified and [expressed/said] by the administration .

The military component of Clarke 's plan was its most fully articulated element .
the military component of clarke 's plan was its most fully [expressed/said] element .

The experience of the previous week , he wrote , `` has only confirmed the importance of defining a clearly articulated rationale for military action '' that was effective as well as justified .
the experience of the previous week , he wrote , `` has only confirmed the importance of defining a clearly [expressed/said] rationale for military action '' that was effective as well as justified .

These methods have been articulated in many ways , but almost all seem to have at least four elements in common : ( 1 ) think about how surprise attacks might be launched ; ( 2 ) identify telltale indicators connected to the most dangerous possibilities ; ( 3 ) where feasible , collect intelligence on these indicators ; and ( 4 ) adopt defenses to deflect the most dangerous possibilities or at least trigger an earlier warning .
these methods have been [expressed/said] in many ways , but almost all seem to have at least four elements in common : ( 1 ) think about how surprise attacks might be launched ; ( 2 ) identify telltale indicators connected to the most dangerous possibilities ; ( 3 ) where feasible , collect intelligence on these indicators ; and ( 4 ) adopt defenses to deflect the most dangerous possibilities or at least trigger an earlier warning .

Mayr and Grant articulated positions on species and speciation that had developed during and soon after the Modern Synthesis of the 1930s and 1940s , when modern evolutionary theory developed from a reconciliation of genetics , systematics , and paleontology .
mayr and grant [expressed/said] positions on species and speciation that had developed during and soon after the modern synthesis of the 1930s and 1940s , when modern evolutionary theory developed from a reconciliation of genetics , systematics , and paleontology .

At the time of publication , no specific medical ethics principles on HIV and AIDS have been articulated by the Medical and Dental Council of Nigeria .
at the time of publication , no specific medical ethics principles on hiv and aids have been [expressed/said] by the medical and dental council of nigeria .

However , he articulated with eloquence the magnitude of the disease burden resulting from hookworm infection .
however , he [expressed/said] with eloquence the magnitude of the disease burden resulting from hookworm infection .

Among members of the Washington establishment , especially the Washington media establishment , there is a scorn for Clinton that is not always articulated in public but never fades .
among members of the washington establishment , especially the washington media establishment , there is a scorn for clinton that is not always [expressed/said] in public but never fades .

An interesting sidelight to bathroom Kremlinology is the men 's room tradition articulated in the preceding letter .
an interesting sidelight to bathroom kremlinology is the men 's room tradition [expressed/said] in the preceding letter .

The guiding principle behind the movement was perhaps first articulated by that pre-eminent oracle on things economic , Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan .
the guiding principle behind the movement was perhaps first [expressed/said] by that pre-eminent oracle on things economic , federal reserve chairman alan greenspan .

Moreover , Reagan articulated a moral vision of what it means to be an American that I , for one , sorely miss in the 1990s .
moreover , reagan [expressed/said] a moral vision of what it means to be an american that i , for one , sorely miss in the 1990s .

This is the same paranoid view he articulated , much more wittily , in Bulworth .
this is the same paranoid view he [expressed/said] , much more wittily , in bulworth .

Far more interesting , though , was the idea of conservative activist government that the shrub articulated .
far more interesting , though , was the idea of conservative activist government that the shrub [expressed/said] .

There 's a conservative case for parties , too , articulated by the 18 th century philosopher Edmund Burke .
there 's a conservative case for parties , too , [expressed/said] by the 18 th century philosopher edmund burke .

Objectors to the plan , which Clinton first articulated in May , also say that the government should n't bleed the unemployment trust , which people may need in years leaner than these .
objectors to the plan , which clinton first [expressed/said] in may , also say that the government should n't bleed the unemployment trust , which people may need in years leaner than these .

Quietly , compellingly , Branch shows how they forced America to rethink what it means to be a democracy , achieving with their deeds what King so brilliantly articulated with his words .
quietly , compellingly , branch shows how they forced america to rethink what it means to be a democracy , achieving with their deeds what king so brilliantly [expressed/said] with his words .

All this is possible because feet themselves are so banally utilitarian and infinitely sexy , with sensitive nerve endings and suggestive shapes clothing the tough muscle and articulated bone that carry us around .
all this is possible because feet themselves are so banally utilitarian and infinitely sexy , with sensitive nerve endings and suggestive shapes clothing the tough muscle and [expressed/said] bone that carry us around .

A full-length view of the girl , shot from behind in sharply faded color , then a less clearly articulated close-up of her face .
a full-length view of the girl , shot from behind in sharply faded color , then a less clearly [expressed/said] close-up of her face .

That old politique -- the auteur theory , in plain English -- was first articulated in the 1950s by a group of French critics , many of whom went on to become , as directors , fixtures of the Nouvelle Vague .
that old politique -- the auteur theory , in plain english -- was first [expressed/said] in the 1950s by a group of french critics , many of whom went on to become , as directors , fixtures of the nouvelle vague .

After all , in this piece the car-home-and-fire salesman turned global strategist describes the Gulf War as if it were a model of Clausewitzian clarity concerning ultimate goals and acceptable means , forgetting in the process that at the end of that war , the Bush/Powell/Schwarzkopf axis internally disagreed about war issues that had never been articulated for the American people : Should the U.S. destroy the Iraqi military , invade Baghdad , or topple Hussein even after Iraq was repulsed from Kuwait ?
after all , in this piece the car-home-and-fire salesman turned global strategist describes the gulf war as if it were a model of clausewitzian clarity concerning ultimate goals and acceptable means , forgetting in the process that at the end of that war , the bush/powell/schwarzkopf axis internally disagreed about war issues that had never been [expressed/said] for the american people : should the u.s. destroy the iraqi military , invade baghdad , or topple hussein even after iraq was repulsed from kuwait ?

The passages I quoted in the first round come from Chapter 7 of his book , `` What Things Regulate , '' which begins with a reference to that most ivory-towered individual John Stuart Mill , the author of On Liberty , who articulated the famous `` harm principle '' with which libertarian thought of all stripes has grappled since he wrote .
the passages i quoted in the first round come from chapter 7 of his book , `` what things regulate , '' which begins with a reference to that most ivory-towered individual john stuart mill , the author of on liberty , who [expressed/said] the famous `` harm principle '' with which libertarian thought of all stripes has grappled since he wrote .

El País of Spain called Putin 's success the `` Chechen dividend , '' a sentiment echoed in Britain 's Daily Telegraph , which said that `` beyond bellicosity in the Caucasus , Mr Putin has articulated no clear policy . ''
el país of spain called putin 's success the `` chechen dividend , '' a sentiment echoed in britain 's daily telegraph , which said that `` beyond bellicosity in the caucasus , mr putin has [expressed/said] no clear policy . ''

While Spain 's El Mundo editorialized that `` Europe Must Mobilize To Help the Refugees , '' Dawn Neeson articulated a much less charitable position in Britain 's mass-circulation tabloid Daily Star : `` It 's hard not to be moved by the pictures of Kosovan refugees streaming out of the war zone , especially the terrified kids .
while spain 's el mundo editorialized that `` europe must mobilize to help the refugees , '' dawn neeson [expressed/said] a much less charitable position in britain 's mass-circulation tabloid daily star : `` it 's hard not to be moved by the pictures of kosovan refugees streaming out of the war zone , especially the terrified kids .

Then , a decade ago , as the military redefined the B-2 's mission from an H-bomb taxi to a deliverer of conventional bombs , a Republican senator from Maine articulated the silliness of the concept : `` It 's the equivalent of saying we 're going to send a Rolls-Royce down into a combat zone to pick up groceries . ''
then , a decade ago , as the military redefined the b-2 's mission from an h-bomb taxi to a deliverer of conventional bombs , a republican senator from maine [expressed/said] the silliness of the concept : `` it 's the equivalent of saying we 're going to send a rolls-royce down into a combat zone to pick up groceries . ''

This dichotomy rules out the fallback strategy that NATO and U.S. officials have articulated from the outset : to make the cost of Milosevic 's `` victory '' outweigh the rewards .
this dichotomy rules out the fallback strategy that nato and u.s. officials have [expressed/said] from the outset : to make the cost of milosevic 's `` victory '' outweigh the rewards .

To his critics , he 's a politician who has never had a clear strategy or articulated an unambiguous position .
to his critics , he 's a politician who has never had a clear strategy or [expressed/said] an unambiguous position .

The simple gesture , strongly articulated , is more powerful than any number of smaller ones .
the simple gesture , strongly [expressed/said] , is more powerful than any number of smaller ones .

Articulated by self-proclaimed iconoclasts such as Camille Paglia and Katie Roiphe , it argues that we 've become paranoid about sexual harassment , criminalizing consensual office sex and flirtation .
[expressed/said] by self-proclaimed iconoclasts such as camille paglia and katie roiphe , it argues that we 've become paranoid about sexual harassment , criminalizing consensual office sex and flirtation .

The old spin , articulated by Bob Dole in the Los Angeles Times : Serb strongman Slobodan Milosevic is up to his old brutality and , if another Bosnia is to be averted , NATO must quickly impose a no-fly zone and threaten airstrikes .
the old spin , [expressed/said] by bob dole in the los angeles times : serb strongman slobodan milosevic is up to his old brutality and , if another bosnia is to be averted , nato must quickly impose a no-fly zone and threaten airstrikes .

More subtle and less readily articulated objections probably exist .
more subtle and less readily [expressed/said] objections probably exist .

One is moved to enquire how the sound is articulated by speakers of other English dialects or in other regions ( New England , for example ) , but the book does not go into that much detail .
one is moved to enquire how the sound is [expressed/said] by speakers of other english dialects or in other regions ( new england , for example ) , but the book does not go into that much detail .

That positions such as these are articulated and published reflects a level of information analogous to arguing that the earth is flat .
that positions such as these are [expressed/said] and published reflects a level of information analogous to arguing that the earth is flat .

Gone is the time when one might make a reasonably accurate guess at a person 's race or nationality by his name ; today , when blacks who do not adopt Arabic names or names like Franklin D. Roosevelt Jones might be named Kelly or Murphy , Jews born as Greenberg change their name to Monteverdi or Vermont , Hirsch to Cerf , and so forth , and people with Slavic and Italian names either change its spelling in an attempt to get people to pronounce it as closely as possible to the original ( e.g. , Kovalsky instead of Kowalski ) or keep the spelling and change the pronunciation because they get tired of telling people that Modigliani is properly pronounced [ \ ? \môdē\ ? \lyänē ] ( or , Anglice , [ \ ? \môdē\ ? \lyänē ] ) and not “ muh\ ? \diglee\ ? \ahnee , ” that Castagno is easily pronounced [ kästänyô ] , or that the Polish name Zajac is pronounced [ \ ? \zäyäntz ] rather than “ Say , Jack ” : after all , there might still be some old-timers who remember the film actress Signe Hasso as well as words like sign , assign , consign , condign , malign , deign , feign , reign , etc. , hence know that in a medial - gn - , the - g - is not always articulated .
gone is the time when one might make a reasonably accurate guess at a person 's race or nationality by his name ; today , when blacks who do not adopt arabic names or names like franklin d. roosevelt jones might be named kelly or murphy , jews born as greenberg change their name to monteverdi or vermont , hirsch to cerf , and so forth , and people with slavic and italian names either change its spelling in an attempt to get people to pronounce it as closely as possible to the original ( e.g. , kovalsky instead of kowalski ) or keep the spelling and change the pronunciation because they get tired of telling people that modigliani is properly pronounced [ \ ? \môdē\ ? \lyänē ] ( or , anglice , [ \ ? \môdē\ ? \lyänē ] ) and not “ muh\ ? \diglee\ ? \ahnee , ” that castagno is easily pronounced [ kästänyô ] , or that the polish name zajac is pronounced [ \ ? \zäyäntz ] rather than “ say , jack ” : after all , there might still be some old-timers who remember the film actress signe hasso as well as words like sign , assign , consign , condign , malign , deign , feign , reign , etc. , hence know that in a medial - gn - , the - g - is not always [expressed/said] .

Meaning to say cheated , she had articulated sh in place of ch and the i of sit in place of the ea .
meaning to say cheated , she had [expressed/said] sh in place of ch and the i of sit in place of the ea .

In short , I am not what is known in the trade as “ copy proud ” : my feelings about my own writing range from occasional smugness with a job well done to abject frustration and misery at my inability to express myself articulated in writing ( given the amount of time and resources available ) .
in short , i am not what is known in the trade as “ copy proud ” : my feelings about my own writing range from occasional smugness with a job well done to abject frustration and misery at my inability to express myself [expressed/said] in writing ( given the amount of time and resources available ) .

