This conclusion is based on two propositions : that man by the use of his reason can ascertain God's purpose in the universe and that God makes known His purpose by certain `` given '' physical arrangements .
this conclusion is based on two propositions : that man by the use of his reason can [understand/know] god's purpose in the universe and that god makes known his purpose by certain `` given '' physical arrangements .

However , by cultivating a wine dealer and accepting his advice , one will soon enough ascertain whether he has any knowledge of wines ( as opposed to what he may have been told by salesmen and promoters ) and , better yet , whether he has a taste for wine .
however , by cultivating a wine dealer and accepting his advice , one will soon enough [understand/know] whether he has any knowledge of wines ( as opposed to what he may have been told by salesmen and promoters ) and , better yet , whether he has a taste for wine .

These agents were to ascertain the difference between English and French goods , and the prices charged the Indians .
these agents were to [understand/know] the difference between english and french goods , and the prices charged the indians .

The doctor agreed , but explained that it would be necessary first to check Fred's blood to ascertain whether or not it was of the same type as Papa's .
the doctor agreed , but explained that it would be necessary first to check fred's blood to [understand/know] whether or not it was of the same type as papa's .

Certainly , he must recognize its power and attempt to ascertain its influence on the flow of history , but he must not confuse the natural and the mundane with the divine .
certainly , he must recognize its power and attempt to [understand/know] its influence on the flow of history , but he must not confuse the natural and the mundane with the divine .

In November 1900 surveying was done under John Marsden on the east mountains to ascertain if it would be possible to get sufficient water and fall to operate an electric power plant .
in november 1900 surveying was done under john marsden on the east mountains to [understand/know] if it would be possible to get sufficient water and fall to operate an electric power plant .

He paused only long enough to ascertain that Jess's buckskin was still missing and that his own gray was all right , then climbed through a back window and dropped to the ground outside .
he paused only long enough to [understand/know] that jess's buckskin was still missing and that his own gray was all right , then climbed through a back window and dropped to the ground outside .

Although the trade union side were furnished with a job description , we have been unable to ascertain the role of the area directors , particularly in relation to where they fit into the industrial relations network .
although the trade union side were furnished with a job description , we have been unable to [understand/know] the role of the area directors , particularly in relation to where they fit into the industrial relations network .

Whether this is because people absent mindedly leave them up trees we have been unable to ascertain .
whether this is because people absent mindedly leave them up trees we have been unable to [understand/know] .

Priorities are not always easy to ascertain , even when government objectives are relatively clear .
priorities are not always easy to [understand/know] , even when government objectives are relatively clear .

‘ The incident is being investigated by British Transport Police and Cleveland Police to ascertain circumstances surrounding the accident , ’ she added .
‘ the incident is being investigated by british transport police and cleveland police to [understand/know] circumstances surrounding the accident , ’ she added .

We believe it drove onto the site just before the call to the fire brigade — and that 's what we 're trying to ascertain from the travellers .
we believe it drove onto the site just before the call to the fire brigade — and that 's what we 're trying to [understand/know] from the travellers .

This particular bonfire has been constructed of industrial waste and in consequence we are unable to ascertain precisely what is inside the bonfire .
this particular bonfire has been constructed of industrial waste and in consequence we are unable to [understand/know] precisely what is inside the bonfire .

It was designed to discover the feelings of fathers and ascertain exactly how much help they really are when it comes to tending to the baby 's needs .
it was designed to discover the feelings of fathers and [understand/know] exactly how much help they really are when it comes to tending to the baby 's needs .

When a potential customer is partaking in a demonstration it is easier for the salesperson to ask questions in order to ascertain buying behaviour .
when a potential customer is partaking in a demonstration it is easier for the salesperson to ask questions in order to [understand/know] buying behaviour .

There are advantages to customers in that it is easier for them to ask questions in a more realistic way in order to ascertain the product 's utility more clearly and quickly .
there are advantages to customers in that it is easier for them to ask questions in a more realistic way in order to [understand/know] the product 's utility more clearly and quickly .

As with many decisions in television , it is difficult to ascertain the reasons behind non-transmission , but , for the record , Thames Television 's 1976 ‘ Sex In Our Time : For Queer Read Gay ’ , and Southern Television 's 1979/80 ‘ Southern Report : Lesbians ’ , never reached our screens .
as with many decisions in television , it is difficult to [understand/know] the reasons behind non-transmission , but , for the record , thames television 's 1976 ‘ sex in our time : for queer read gay ’ , and southern television 's 1979/80 ‘ southern report : lesbians ’ , never reached our screens .

Where it is not certain , it will always seek to ascertain .
where it is not certain , it will always seek to [understand/know] .

It seems to be one thing ( and a wrong thing by the Bill of Rights ) , to impeach or question proceedings in Parliament ; it seems to be quite another to ask a House to confirm whatever it is necessary to confirm in order to ascertain what the House has resolved .
it seems to be one thing ( and a wrong thing by the bill of rights ) , to impeach or question proceedings in parliament ; it seems to be quite another to ask a house to confirm whatever it is necessary to confirm in order to [understand/know] what the house has resolved .

On receiving a petition it is the function of the Commission to ascertain the facts and seek to bring about a friendly settlement of the matter on the basis of respect for the human rights set out in the Convention ( Art.28 ) .
on receiving a petition it is the function of the commission to [understand/know] the facts and seek to bring about a friendly settlement of the matter on the basis of respect for the human rights set out in the convention ( art.28 ) .

How on earth are you supposed to ascertain how players are performing if the graphics show nothing more than ten shots at goal by three forwards per match ?
how on earth are you supposed to [understand/know] how players are performing if the graphics show nothing more than ten shots at goal by three forwards per match ?

Without any kind of warning to Phelps , he executed an unnecessarily dramatic handbrake turn , followed his quarry for long enough to ascertain its speed , then quickly overhauled it , flashing his ‘ Police .
without any kind of warning to phelps , he executed an unnecessarily dramatic handbrake turn , followed his quarry for long enough to [understand/know] its speed , then quickly overhauled it , flashing his ‘ police .

It is a matter for serious consideration whether the legal authority should be required to do anything more than establish identity and ascertain that the person was in fact killed as the result of an aircraft accident rather than deliberate sabotage .
it is a matter for serious consideration whether the legal authority should be required to do anything more than establish identity and [understand/know] that the person was in fact killed as the result of an aircraft accident rather than deliberate sabotage .

She found herself concentrating too fiercely on the face of a girl opposite her , as if to ascertain the reality of her fellow traveller .
she found herself concentrating too fiercely on the face of a girl opposite her , as if to [understand/know] the reality of her fellow traveller .

For a partnership wishing to purchase a new Ford van totally on credit terms under the 1974 Act , the following formula is applied to ascertain the maximum credit available :
for a partnership wishing to purchase a new ford van totally on credit terms under the 1974 act , the following formula is applied to [understand/know] the maximum credit available :

The babies have been laid with their arms along their sides and , as small coffins are always better preserved than those of adults , it is possible to ascertain from these undamaged specimens how anthropoid coffins were sealed .
the babies have been laid with their arms along their sides and , as small coffins are always better preserved than those of adults , it is possible to [understand/know] from these undamaged specimens how anthropoid coffins were sealed .

First ascertain what the learner already knows and teach from that point .
first [understand/know] what the learner already knows and teach from that point .

They tried to ascertain news of the tsar and his family , but to no avail .
they tried to [understand/know] news of the tsar and his family , but to no avail .

The Temple Tomb was evidently a very special tomb , but its precise original function seems to be impossible to ascertain .
the temple tomb was evidently a very special tomb , but its precise original function seems to be impossible to [understand/know] .

But it took a deal of probing when he sought help to ascertain exactly what was the pressure inside Peter , bursting to get out when suitably triggered .
but it took a deal of probing when he sought help to [understand/know] exactly what was the pressure inside peter , bursting to get out when suitably triggered .

In her attempt to ascertain why anorexia nervosa is a girls ' rather than a boys ' disease , Selvini Palazzoli emphasises the manner in which the adolescent girl ‘ is exposed to lewd looks , subjected to menstruation , about to be penetrated in sexual embraces , to be invaded by the foetus , to be suckled by a child , etc .
in her attempt to [understand/know] why anorexia nervosa is a girls ' rather than a boys ' disease , selvini palazzoli emphasises the manner in which the adolescent girl ‘ is exposed to lewd looks , subjected to menstruation , about to be penetrated in sexual embraces , to be invaded by the foetus , to be suckled by a child , etc .

The task at this stage will be to ascertain the feelings and problems which exist on an individual level , and to discuss them .
the task at this stage will be to [understand/know] the feelings and problems which exist on an individual level , and to discuss them .

The first is to ascertain whether the individual wishes to talk about sexual activity .
the first is to [understand/know] whether the individual wishes to talk about sexual activity .

If dietary deficiency seems to be a factor , the counsellor should be able to help the counsellee ascertain which factors in the diet might be contributing to poor health , perhaps in consultation with the books mentioned above , or with a nutritionist or dietitian .
if dietary deficiency seems to be a factor , the counsellor should be able to help the counsellee [understand/know] which factors in the diet might be contributing to poor health , perhaps in consultation with the books mentioned above , or with a nutritionist or dietitian .

Your reasons for this colossal exploitation of what is to you hi-tech may be quite divorced from ours ( we want to look for black holes , whereas you want to ascertain the precise time you should sacrifice a virgin in order to propitiate the gods ) , but the principle is much the same .
your reasons for this colossal exploitation of what is to you hi-tech may be quite divorced from ours ( we want to look for black holes , whereas you want to [understand/know] the precise time you should sacrifice a virgin in order to propitiate the gods ) , but the principle is much the same .

This means that there is always uncertainty in our observation of the very small : we can ascertain either the position or the state of motion of a subatomic particle , but not both simultaneously , because our observation of the particle will affect it . )
this means that there is always uncertainty in our observation of the very small : we can [understand/know] either the position or the state of motion of a subatomic particle , but not both simultaneously , because our observation of the particle will affect it . )

If you have difficulty doing this , use your listening to ascertain what emotional response the speaker is feeling ; then ask yourself whether you have a relevant emotional experience that you can offer as encouragement to help them express their response .
if you have difficulty doing this , use your listening to [understand/know] what emotional response the speaker is feeling ; then ask yourself whether you have a relevant emotional experience that you can offer as encouragement to help them express their response .

When someone first joins an organisation , it 's much easier for them to ascertain their new colleagues ' overt status than it is to understand their active status .
when someone first joins an organisation , it 's much easier for them to [understand/know] their new colleagues ' overt status than it is to understand their active status .

In some cases of damage it might be wise to ascertain whether or not there was any similar damage prior to the accident .
in some cases of damage it might be wise to [understand/know] whether or not there was any similar damage prior to the accident .

The curve of size against strength was rising so rapidly ( Figure 1 ) that it was difficult to ascertain 8 maximum or upper limit to the strength .
the curve of size against strength was rising so rapidly ( figure 1 ) that it was difficult to [understand/know] 8 maximum or upper limit to the strength .

However , by the simple mathematical device of plotting reciprocals it was possible to extend or extrapolate the size-strength curve fairly reliably so as to ascertain the strength of a fibre of negligible thickness .
however , by the simple mathematical device of plotting reciprocals it was possible to extend or extrapolate the size-strength curve fairly reliably so as to [understand/know] the strength of a fibre of negligible thickness .

‘ Throughout the year and at the year end , ’ the report says , ‘ individual assessments are made of each loan in respect of which the underlying property is in the possession of the Society to ascertain whether a loss is likely and to estimate any such losses with reasonable accuracy , taking into account the likely selling prices of the properties .
‘ throughout the year and at the year end , ’ the report says , ‘ individual assessments are made of each loan in respect of which the underlying property is in the possession of the society to [understand/know] whether a loss is likely and to estimate any such losses with reasonable accuracy , taking into account the likely selling prices of the properties .

The trustees argued that the valuation issue was to ascertain the property 's hypothetical value in a hypothetical sale between a hypothetical vendor and purchaser .
the trustees argued that the valuation issue was to [understand/know] the property 's hypothetical value in a hypothetical sale between a hypothetical vendor and purchaser .

Once such an amendment of the articles is in place we would suggest that the chairman of the board ( or the company secretary ) should ascertain each board member 's decision by phone and minute as follows : ‘ Following the procedure laid down in Art 93 ( or whatever ) of the company 's articles the board resolves that … ‘ .
once such an amendment of the articles is in place we would suggest that the chairman of the board ( or the company secretary ) should [understand/know] each board member 's decision by phone and minute as follows : ‘ following the procedure laid down in art 93 ( or whatever ) of the company 's articles the board resolves that … ‘ .

‘ Drivers must stop their cars immediately before passing under railway bridges at Selhurst Station and Selby Road and conductors must mount the stairs and ascertain that all passengers are seated and warned of the danger . ’
‘ drivers must stop their cars immediately before passing under railway bridges at selhurst station and selby road and conductors must mount the stairs and [understand/know] that all passengers are seated and warned of the danger . ’

It is necessary to examine the company 's Articles of Association to ascertain the procedure for the declaration of dividends . Is it mandatory for the company to determine the dividends and their date of payment in general meeting ?
it is necessary to examine the company 's articles of association to [understand/know] the procedure for the declaration of dividends . is it mandatory for the company to determine the dividends and their date of payment in general meeting ?

The new chairman , Dr David Swallow , says that it has not been possible to ascertain the impact of these adjustments on the interim results for the six months ended 30 June 1991 , and the directors consider it would not be practical to restate those results .
the new chairman , dr david swallow , says that it has not been possible to [understand/know] the impact of these adjustments on the interim results for the six months ended 30 june 1991 , and the directors consider it would not be practical to restate those results .

Companies will also be able to ascertain from purchasers of shares before they become members ( such as purchasers of shares by instalments in a privatisation issue ) whether or not they will want to receive summary financial statements .
companies will also be able to [understand/know] from purchasers of shares before they become members ( such as purchasers of shares by instalments in a privatisation issue ) whether or not they will want to receive summary financial statements .

ascertain details of the record-keeping system ;
[understand/know] details of the record-keeping system ;

Further work on the carbon-electrolyte system is needed to ascertain whether the effect is connected with a carbon-water interaction or possibly the formation of carbon-sodium intercalation compounds at high temperature and pressure .
further work on the carbon-electrolyte system is needed to [understand/know] whether the effect is connected with a carbon-water interaction or possibly the formation of carbon-sodium intercalation compounds at high temperature and pressure .

This is particularly interesting in view of the recent emphasis on tool use in chimpanzees , and it would be interesting in this respect to ascertain if there is any evidence of tool use by natural living populations of gorillas and orang-utans .
this is particularly interesting in view of the recent emphasis on tool use in chimpanzees , and it would be interesting in this respect to [understand/know] if there is any evidence of tool use by natural living populations of gorillas and orang-utans .

If there is a need to ascertain the race of the parents of the child then this can be done by describing each parent .
if there is a need to [understand/know] the race of the parents of the child then this can be done by describing each parent .

But they 'll send divers down to investigate , to find out whether it 's a passenger-carrying jet or not and to try to ascertain the cause of the accident .
but they 'll send divers down to investigate , to find out whether it 's a passenger-carrying jet or not and to try to [understand/know] the cause of the accident .

The Executive Committee discussed the case at several further meetings and decided to re-examine it when Black 's solicitor should have had more time to ascertain the prospects of money compensation from the government for the injuries .
the executive committee discussed the case at several further meetings and decided to re-examine it when black 's solicitor should have had more time to [understand/know] the prospects of money compensation from the government for the injuries .

The date of Edward 's coronation had not been announced , partly because the protector wished first to ascertain the reaction of the commonalty to the news that the three prisoners at Pontefract had been executed .
the date of edward 's coronation had not been announced , partly because the protector wished first to [understand/know] the reaction of the commonalty to the news that the three prisoners at pontefract had been executed .

About 115 groups throughout the continent are using the Service 's course , which begins with a survey to ascertain specific needs and conditions .
about 115 groups throughout the continent are using the service 's course , which begins with a survey to [understand/know] specific needs and conditions .

( d ) Ascertain from sub-contractors currently employed by the company if they could recommend any other sub-contractors .
( d ) [understand/know] from sub-contractors currently employed by the company if they could recommend any other sub-contractors .

Management should first examine the data produced to ascertain whether any variance from the breakdown is due to site conditions or mismanagement .
management should first examine the data produced to [understand/know] whether any variance from the breakdown is due to site conditions or mismanagement .

It is also important for building companies to attempt to assess the correct allocation of overheads in the management accounts against each project to ascertain the true profit .
it is also important for building companies to attempt to assess the correct allocation of overheads in the management accounts against each project to [understand/know] the true profit .

‘ In the construction of written documents including statutes , what the court is concerned to ascertain is , not what the promulgators of the instruments meant to say , but the meaning of what they have said .
‘ in the construction of written documents including statutes , what the court is concerned to [understand/know] is , not what the promulgators of the instruments meant to say , but the meaning of what they have said .

The practical utility of the rule depends to some extent upon the means that the courts are entitled to employ in order to ascertain what mischief the Act was intended to remedy .
the practical utility of the rule depends to some extent upon the means that the courts are entitled to employ in order to [understand/know] what mischief the act was intended to remedy .

This has one tiresome consequence , that if one knows only the short title and calendar year , the statute may sometimes be in either of two volumes , and nothing but a process of trial and error can ascertain which .
this has one tiresome consequence , that if one knows only the short title and calendar year , the statute may sometimes be in either of two volumes , and nothing but a process of trial and error can [understand/know] which .

He should be able to interview all types of client in order to ascertain what their problem is .
he should be able to interview all types of client in order to [understand/know] what their problem is .

They will soon ascertain whether or not Gore-Tex and Timberland live up to their much-vaunted specifications .
they will soon [understand/know] whether or not gore-tex and timberland live up to their much-vaunted specifications .

landscape evaluation studies neither ascertain landscape tastes nor assess public preferences ; they tell us nothing about what landscapes the public values or why .
landscape evaluation studies neither [understand/know] landscape tastes nor assess public preferences ; they tell us nothing about what landscapes the public values or why .

Given the volume and speed of the electronic transactions , bank customers are also likely to demand that banks ascertain the trustworthiness of the signers or authenticators .
given the volume and speed of the electronic transactions , bank customers are also likely to demand that banks [understand/know] the trustworthiness of the signers or authenticators .

It must be remembered that in most cases for most of the time the function of the judge with the help of the jury if there is one ) is to ascertain the facts .
it must be remembered that in most cases for most of the time the function of the judge with the help of the jury if there is one ) is to [understand/know] the facts .

In 1972 , Lord Pearce chaired a Commission on Rhodesian Opinion appointed to ascertain directly from all sections of the population of Rhodesia whether or not certain proposals for the government of that country were acceptable .
in 1972 , lord pearce chaired a commission on rhodesian opinion appointed to [understand/know] directly from all sections of the population of rhodesia whether or not certain proposals for the government of that country were acceptable .

The main objective of the following discussion is to ascertain the extent to which the duty of the directors is to maximise profits , and hence is consonant with the putative social interest in profit maximisation .
the main objective of the following discussion is to [understand/know] the extent to which the duty of the directors is to maximise profits , and hence is consonant with the putative social interest in profit maximisation .

The third defect of this simple form of social life is the inefficiency of the diffuse social pressure by which the rules are maintained . Disputes as to whether an admitted rule has or has not been violated will always occur and will , in any but the smallest societies , continue interminably , if there is no agency specially empowered to ascertain finally , and authoritatively , the fact of violation …
the third defect of this simple form of social life is the inefficiency of the diffuse social pressure by which the rules are maintained . disputes as to whether an admitted rule has or has not been violated will always occur and will , in any but the smallest societies , continue interminably , if there is no agency specially empowered to [understand/know] finally , and authoritatively , the fact of violation …

The basic task of the judge when construing legislation is to ascertain Parliament 's intention when passing the Act .
the basic task of the judge when construing legislation is to [understand/know] parliament 's intention when passing the act .

Thereafter , the task of evaluation is to ascertain whether or not the pre-specified goals ( aims and objectives ) have been achieved .
thereafter , the task of evaluation is to [understand/know] whether or not the pre-specified goals ( aims and objectives ) have been achieved .

Finally should any elderly residents approach officers complaining of being assaulted or mugged , they should be closely questioned to ascertain if they are trying to provoke a riot .
finally should any elderly residents approach officers complaining of being assaulted or mugged , they should be closely questioned to [understand/know] if they are trying to provoke a riot .

For the appellant Mr. Lester submits that it should now be appropriate for the courts to look at Hansard in order to ascertain the intention of the legislators as expressed in the proceedings on the Bill which has then been enacted in the statutory words requiring to be construed .
for the appellant mr. lester submits that it should now be appropriate for the courts to look at hansard in order to [understand/know] the intention of the legislators as expressed in the proceedings on the bill which has then been enacted in the statutory words requiring to be construed .

From this , and knowledge of the requirements of the complete machine or structure , it is possible to ascertain the reason for the inclusion of any feature , or entity , in the detailed design layout .
from this , and knowledge of the requirements of the complete machine or structure , it is possible to [understand/know] the reason for the inclusion of any feature , or entity , in the detailed design layout .

The developed item itself is later reflected back into that assembly in order to check its relationship to all other components and also to allow the designer to ascertain whether the overall function of the assembly has been successfully provided .
the developed item itself is later reflected back into that assembly in order to check its relationship to all other components and also to allow the designer to [understand/know] whether the overall function of the assembly has been successfully provided .

He may alternatively request that the view be detailed to a lower level , in order to ascertain whether or not a geometric clash actually occurs .
he may alternatively request that the view be detailed to a lower level , in order to [understand/know] whether or not a geometric clash actually occurs .

Experience has to be used to ascertain which class of mechanism is most likely to solve the problem .
experience has to be used to [understand/know] which class of mechanism is most likely to solve the problem .

Its main function will be to ascertain whether the results of the first investigation would appear as firm to another team going over the same ground .
its main function will be to [understand/know] whether the results of the first investigation would appear as firm to another team going over the same ground .

Thus it is of considerable interest to ascertain if English law mandated this result and , if it did , whether , yet again , our legal practices fall below the minimum standards prescribed by the European Convention .
thus it is of considerable interest to [understand/know] if english law mandated this result and , if it did , whether , yet again , our legal practices fall below the minimum standards prescribed by the european convention .

In practice , developers will probably consult planners in advance in order to ascertain the type of development that is likely to be approved , but there is no obligation to do this .
in practice , developers will probably consult planners in advance in order to [understand/know] the type of development that is likely to be approved , but there is no obligation to do this .

Rostov keyed his writer , about to make a note to ascertain the exact function of each of the assorted external mountings .
rostov keyed his writer , about to make a note to [understand/know] the exact function of each of the assorted external mountings .

At least we know who to talk to and can ascertain why they 've got him .
at least we know who to talk to and can [understand/know] why they 've got him .

Since the legislation assumes the existence of the common law background we must first endeavour to ascertain the general principles governing this area of tort and then see shortly how it is affected when there is a trade dispute .
since the legislation assumes the existence of the common law background we must first endeavour to [understand/know] the general principles governing this area of tort and then see shortly how it is affected when there is a trade dispute .

" This Meeting recommend to the Collector to procure from the County town Models of the Imperial Weights and measures , and to put them in the hands of Samuel Lamont , who is appointed to ascertain that all weights and measures within the Island be corrected and marked by the standard . "
" this meeting recommend to the collector to procure from the county town models of the imperial weights and measures , and to put them in the hands of samuel lamont , who is appointed to [understand/know] that all weights and measures within the island be corrected and marked by the standard . "

1837 " It was proposed … that Malcolm McNeill , Esquire , Lossit , be requested to correspond with his friends in Edinburgh to ascertain the best mode of getting a Post office established in Port Ellin … "
1837 " it was proposed … that malcolm mcneill , esquire , lossit , be requested to correspond with his friends in edinburgh to [understand/know] the best mode of getting a post office established in port ellin … "

The positive predictive value of a single dipslide culture in a given clinical setting ( such as an antenatal clinic ) is difficult to ascertain .
the positive predictive value of a single dipslide culture in a given clinical setting ( such as an antenatal clinic ) is difficult to [understand/know] .

Although evaluation is a complex issue , it is important in considering future development to ascertain whether day care is fulfilling its objectives as perceived both by the providers and also by the consumers of services .
although evaluation is a complex issue , it is important in considering future development to [understand/know] whether day care is fulfilling its objectives as perceived both by the providers and also by the consumers of services .

( The British crime statistics do not make it possible to ascertain the number of convictions for non-sexual violence of men against women since they do not state the sex of the victim . )
( the british crime statistics do not make it possible to [understand/know] the number of convictions for non-sexual violence of men against women since they do not state the sex of the victim . )

In this way , all employees are able to ascertain the main terms of their employment .
in this way , all employees are able to [understand/know] the main terms of their employment .

to ascertain and clarify the issues in dispute , and record admissions and agreements ;
to [understand/know] and clarify the issues in dispute , and record admissions and agreements ;

If we can ascertain the function of utterances , we will be able to perceive a unity of a different kind .
if we can [understand/know] the function of utterances , we will be able to perceive a unity of a different kind .

Here we shall examine how we can help students ascertain that relationship and its effect on meaning .
here we shall examine how we can help students [understand/know] that relationship and its effect on meaning .

In my judgment , therefore , the court exercising the inherent jurisdiction in relation to a 16- or 17-year-old child who is not mentally incompetent will , as a matter of course , ascertain the wishes of the child and will approach its decision with a strong predilection to give effect to the child 's wishes .
in my judgment , therefore , the court exercising the inherent jurisdiction in relation to a 16- or 17-year-old child who is not mentally incompetent will , as a matter of course , [understand/know] the wishes of the child and will approach its decision with a strong predilection to give effect to the child 's wishes .

The risk undertaken is generally known to the surety , and the circumstances generally point to the view that as between the creditor and surety it was contemplated and intended that the surety should take upon himself to ascertain exactly what risk he was taking upon himself .
the risk undertaken is generally known to the surety , and the circumstances generally point to the view that as between the creditor and surety it was contemplated and intended that the surety should take upon himself to [understand/know] exactly what risk he was taking upon himself .

There is a considerable tract of authority , both in England and in other jurisdictions , which must be examined in order to ascertain whether or not the circumstances of the present case fall within Lord Wright 's principle .
there is a considerable tract of authority , both in england and in other jurisdictions , which must be examined in order to [understand/know] whether or not the circumstances of the present case fall within lord wright 's principle .

The proper approach is to ascertain what were the operations which produced the relevant profits and where those operations took place .
the proper approach is to [understand/know] what were the operations which produced the relevant profits and where those operations took place .

Bankruptcy proceedings must be commenced in the High Court ( in London ) if : ( i ) the petition is presented by a Government department , and either in the statutory demand an indication to petition in the High Court is stated or the petition is based upon an unsatisfied execution ; or ( ii ) the debtor by or against whom the petition is presented has resided or carried on business within the London insolvency district for the greater part of the six months immediately preceding the presentation of the petition or for a longer period during those six months than in any other insolvency district ; or ( iii ) the debtor is not resident in England and Wales ; or ( iv ) the petitioning creditor is unable to ascertain the residence of the debtor ( tr 6.9(1) and 6.40 ) .
bankruptcy proceedings must be commenced in the high court ( in london ) if : ( i ) the petition is presented by a government department , and either in the statutory demand an indication to petition in the high court is stated or the petition is based upon an unsatisfied execution ; or ( ii ) the debtor by or against whom the petition is presented has resided or carried on business within the london insolvency district for the greater part of the six months immediately preceding the presentation of the petition or for a longer period during those six months than in any other insolvency district ; or ( iii ) the debtor is not resident in england and wales ; or ( iv ) the petitioning creditor is unable to [understand/know] the residence of the debtor ( tr 6.9(1) and 6.40 ) .

First of all , you have to ascertain whether your strategy up the first part of the beat will make you want to carry on sailing on starboard tack for some time after the starting signal , or to tack onto port as soon as possible after the start .
first of all , you have to [understand/know] whether your strategy up the first part of the beat will make you want to carry on sailing on starboard tack for some time after the starting signal , or to tack onto port as soon as possible after the start .

Ascertain the frequency and call-sign of the stations you select to use during your flight .
[understand/know] the frequency and call-sign of the stations you select to use during your flight .

It may , however , be in trouble if it does not project the whole life-cycle to ascertain how long the increasing margins can continue .
it may , however , be in trouble if it does not project the whole life-cycle to [understand/know] how long the increasing margins can continue .

It was then decided to hypothesize a particular market situation for a single product line and ascertain whether investment to increase market share at different stages of that product 's life would have positive or negative NPVs .
it was then decided to hypothesize a particular market situation for a single product line and [understand/know] whether investment to increase market share at different stages of that product 's life would have positive or negative npvs .

Tests to ascertain the father of the child .
tests to [understand/know] the father of the child .

In her confusion , as she continued the preparations for the meal , she looked over to him to ascertain that she had not given offence .
in her confusion , as she continued the preparations for the meal , she looked over to him to [understand/know] that she had not given offence .

To ascertain the amount of fabric in each pleat , divide this remaining fabric by the number of proposed pleats , using the guide above .
to [understand/know] the amount of fabric in each pleat , divide this remaining fabric by the number of proposed pleats , using the guide above .

It may be worth making a sample heading with a little spare fabric and fitting it to the track with appropriate hooks in order to ascertain the depth needed .
it may be worth making a sample heading with a little spare fabric and fitting it to the track with appropriate hooks in order to [understand/know] the depth needed .

If the body lay there for long enough , even the means of death could be hard to ascertain .
if the body lay there for long enough , even the means of death could be hard to [understand/know] .

After a new series of newspaper advertisements , for example , a firm can test a sample of the readership to ascertain how many readers noticed the advertisement , how many recalled what it said and how many had actually bought the product since reading it .
after a new series of newspaper advertisements , for example , a firm can test a sample of the readership to [understand/know] how many readers noticed the advertisement , how many recalled what it said and how many had actually bought the product since reading it .

The intention of these investigations is to ascertain if there could be any adverse effect on the public interest as a result of a particular monopoly or merger situation .
the intention of these investigations is to [understand/know] if there could be any adverse effect on the public interest as a result of a particular monopoly or merger situation .

On key issues , or those with important constituency ‘ angles ’ , assiduous councillors will take every opportunity to ascertain progress .
on key issues , or those with important constituency ‘ angles ’ , assiduous councillors will take every opportunity to [understand/know] progress .

The new lender will need to ascertain the current value of your property and , inevitably , you will have to foot the bill .
the new lender will need to [understand/know] the current value of your property and , inevitably , you will have to foot the bill .

These are not advised during pregnancy , unless absolutely necessary at full term to ascertain whether a normal delivery is possible .
these are not advised during pregnancy , unless absolutely necessary at full term to [understand/know] whether a normal delivery is possible .

The next step is to ascertain the views of the tenants about the proposed takeover by means of a ballot of all those affected .
the next step is to [understand/know] the views of the tenants about the proposed takeover by means of a ballot of all those affected .

Unfortunately , it was impossible to ascertain the relationship between these figures and qualifications in language or linguistics .
unfortunately , it was impossible to [understand/know] the relationship between these figures and qualifications in language or linguistics .

My mother glanced at the clock before looking at the window to ascertain that the garden was already retreating into night , and drew the curtains .
my mother glanced at the clock before looking at the window to [understand/know] that the garden was already retreating into night , and drew the curtains .

That is understandable , given the desire of those agencies to ascertain that the 3 years or more spent in higher education lead to some definite outcome .
that is understandable , given the desire of those agencies to [understand/know] that the 3 years or more spent in higher education lead to some definite outcome .

If we decided to construct the facilities for substantially increased wealth-producing tourism and leisure , it will take years to ascertain exactly what demands require to be satisfied .
if we decided to construct the facilities for substantially increased wealth-producing tourism and leisure , it will take years to [understand/know] exactly what demands require to be satisfied .

‘ Brodski ’ was the first ‘ inverted ’ detective story ever written — that is , one in which the identity of the criminal is known to the reader at the outset and the plot concerns the efforts of the detective to ascertain his identity .
‘ brodski ’ was the first ‘ inverted ’ detective story ever written — that is , one in which the identity of the criminal is known to the reader at the outset and the plot concerns the efforts of the detective to [understand/know] his identity .

It was held by the Divisional Court that they should not have done so , and the case was remitted with directions to the magistrates to ascertain whether or not the ingredients of the offence were made out .
it was held by the divisional court that they should not have done so , and the case was remitted with directions to the magistrates to [understand/know] whether or not the ingredients of the offence were made out .

The auditor should ascertain the audited body 's system of recording and processing transactions and assess its adequacy as a basis for the preparation of financial statements .
the auditor should [understand/know] the audited body 's system of recording and processing transactions and assess its adequacy as a basis for the preparation of financial statements .

If the auditor wishes to place reliance on any internal controls , he should ascertain and evaluate those controls and perform compliance tests on their operation .
if the auditor wishes to place reliance on any internal controls , he should [understand/know] and evaluate those controls and perform compliance tests on their operation .

The albeit late advent of man can be appreciated by outlining the antecedents , the research undertaken to ascertain the magnitude of man , the emphasis upon hazards and upon man-made environments as a basis for a more environmental physical geography .
the albeit late advent of man can be appreciated by outlining the antecedents , the research undertaken to [understand/know] the magnitude of man , the emphasis upon hazards and upon man-made environments as a basis for a more environmental physical geography .

Subsequently applied to geography as a whole , Bennett and Chorley ( 1978 ) produced a text which attempted to explore firstly the extent to which systems theory provided an interdisciplinary focus for environmental matters and to what extent systems technology provides an adequate vehicle ; and secondly to ascertain the manner in which systems approaches aid in the development of an integrated theory relating social and economic theory to physical and biological theory .
subsequently applied to geography as a whole , bennett and chorley ( 1978 ) produced a text which attempted to explore firstly the extent to which systems theory provided an interdisciplinary focus for environmental matters and to what extent systems technology provides an adequate vehicle ; and secondly to [understand/know] the manner in which systems approaches aid in the development of an integrated theory relating social and economic theory to physical and biological theory .

The client wants an adviser who can interview sympathetically , ascertain the facts , analyse the problem and suggest a course of action .
the client wants an adviser who can interview sympathetically , [understand/know] the facts , analyse the problem and suggest a course of action .

At the outset , the plaintiff may be slow to contact a solicitor , negotiations for a settlement may drag on , the extent of the plaintiff 's injuries may not become clear until the end of a lengthy period of treatment , investigations may have to be carried out to ascertain the evidence , expert opinions may have to be obtained , communication and action by both sides may be poor and slow , the advice of counsel may be taken , pleadings are often extended , the length of time spent waiting for the trial to begin can be substantial , and errors may be made by the professionals involved .
at the outset , the plaintiff may be slow to contact a solicitor , negotiations for a settlement may drag on , the extent of the plaintiff 's injuries may not become clear until the end of a lengthy period of treatment , investigations may have to be carried out to [understand/know] the evidence , expert opinions may have to be obtained , communication and action by both sides may be poor and slow , the advice of counsel may be taken , pleadings are often extended , the length of time spent waiting for the trial to begin can be substantial , and errors may be made by the professionals involved .

Yet ‘ to ascertain whether or not an institution is a charity , it is , then , no good looking at the Act ’ .
yet ‘ to [understand/know] whether or not an institution is a charity , it is , then , no good looking at the act ’ .

‘ To have intercourse with a woman who is not your wife is , even today , not generally considered to be a course of conduct which the law ought positively to encourage and it can be argued with force that it is only fair to the woman and not in the least unfair to the man that he should be under a duty to take reasonable care to ascertain that she is consenting to the intercourse and be at the risk of a prosecution if he fails to take such care .
‘ to have intercourse with a woman who is not your wife is , even today , not generally considered to be a course of conduct which the law ought positively to encourage and it can be argued with force that it is only fair to the woman and not in the least unfair to the man that he should be under a duty to take reasonable care to [understand/know] that she is consenting to the intercourse and be at the risk of a prosecution if he fails to take such care .

It is suggested that where a woman registers unwillingness , a man does have the capacity and should be required to ascertain whether or not her consent is present .
it is suggested that where a woman registers unwillingness , a man does have the capacity and should be required to [understand/know] whether or not her consent is present .

As Toni Pickard has saliently pointed out , it is possible for a man to ascertain whether a woman is consenting or not with minimal effort .
as toni pickard has saliently pointed out , it is possible for a man to [understand/know] whether a woman is consenting or not with minimal effort .

Said Brian , ‘ We were then able to ascertain that the cards were counterfeit .
said brian , ‘ we were then able to [understand/know] that the cards were counterfeit .

Insurance The chairman will look through the portfolio to ascertain the details .
insurance the chairman will look through the portfolio to [understand/know] the details .

It is therefore important for both lenders and businesses to ascertain precisely what the risks are .
it is therefore important for both lenders and businesses to [understand/know] precisely what the risks are .

They outline test methods which may be used to ascertain whether equipment meets those limits .
they outline test methods which may be used to [understand/know] whether equipment meets those limits .

‘ We needed to ascertain what sort of pipeline infrastructure is in place and how it operates , which ports the oil could be transported to and what export facilities would be available .
‘ we needed to [understand/know] what sort of pipeline infrastructure is in place and how it operates , which ports the oil could be transported to and what export facilities would be available .

As with the Cupids mosaic , it is difficult to ascertain whether the Lion and Stag mosaic is the work of more than one craftsman .
as with the cupids mosaic , it is difficult to [understand/know] whether the lion and stag mosaic is the work of more than one craftsman .

The quality of the workmanship is impossible to ascertain , but the decoration appears more elaborate than that of the Cupids or the Lion and Stag pavements .
the quality of the workmanship is impossible to [understand/know] , but the decoration appears more elaborate than that of the cupids or the lion and stag pavements .

The shareholding structure of a private company target will therefore need to be carefully considered to ascertain whether the transaction comes within the exemption .
the shareholding structure of a private company target will therefore need to be carefully considered to [understand/know] whether the transaction comes within the exemption .

[ 7.1 ] If the Lease is completed rent shall be payable in accordance with the terms of the Lease with effect from the Rent Commencement Date [ [ 7.2 ] The Tenant shall commence trading from the Premises not more than after the Completion Date ] It is important to ascertain if any rent free period is to include not only the rack rent but also service charges and/or insurance premiums .
[ 7.1 ] if the lease is completed rent shall be payable in accordance with the terms of the lease with effect from the rent commencement date [ [ 7.2 ] the tenant shall commence trading from the premises not more than after the completion date ] it is important to [understand/know] if any rent free period is to include not only the rack rent but also service charges and/or insurance premiums .

10.3 The Tenant acknowledges that [ its ] obligations under this agreement and the Lease shall not be affected or lessened in any way by the fact that there may now or subsequently exist any Restrictions and the Tenant shall with effect from the Possession Date comply with and indemnify the Landlord in respect of any liability under any Restrictions ( whether made before or after the Possession Date ) save in so far as such liability arises from failure by the Landlord to comply with [ its ] obligations under clause 2.2.2 It need hardly be said that the tenant 's solicitor should make all usual inquiries to ascertain whether any such restrictions exist at the date of the agreement .
10.3 the tenant acknowledges that [ its ] obligations under this agreement and the lease shall not be affected or lessened in any way by the fact that there may now or subsequently exist any restrictions and the tenant shall with effect from the possession date comply with and indemnify the landlord in respect of any liability under any restrictions ( whether made before or after the possession date ) save in so far as such liability arises from failure by the landlord to comply with [ its ] obligations under clause 2.2.2 it need hardly be said that the tenant 's solicitor should make all usual inquiries to [understand/know] whether any such restrictions exist at the date of the agreement .

1 Use of pipes The right to the free and uninterrupted passage and running of water sewage gas electricity telephone and other services or supplies from and to other parts of the Centre or any Adjoining Property in and through the Pipes which now are or may during the Term be in under or over the Premises This is a standard reservation and the tenant may wish to ascertain at the outset just exactly which are the pipes at the commencement of the term that will be the subject of this right .
1 use of pipes the right to the free and uninterrupted passage and running of water sewage gas electricity telephone and other services or supplies from and to other parts of the centre or any adjoining property in and through the pipes which now are or may during the term be in under or over the premises this is a standard reservation and the tenant may wish to [understand/know] at the outset just exactly which are the pipes at the commencement of the term that will be the subject of this right .

It is also important to ascertain that if fixtures and fittings are to be removed from the property , that no damage will be done to the fabric of the walls , floors , ceilings , etc .
it is also important to [understand/know] that if fixtures and fittings are to be removed from the property , that no damage will be done to the fabric of the walls , floors , ceilings , etc .

Every buyer , lessee and mortgagee of land bounded by , adjacent to or crossed by a river , stream or brook should search before exchange of contracts , to ascertain any rights exercised over the property , liability for repair and maintenance of banks , and liability to flooding .
every buyer , lessee and mortgagee of land bounded by , adjacent to or crossed by a river , stream or brook should search before exchange of contracts , to [understand/know] any rights exercised over the property , liability for repair and maintenance of banks , and liability to flooding .

There 's one further search that should be made on a purchase or mortgage of unregistered land : if the seller or mortgagor is a limited company , which acquired the land before 1 January 1970 , search the Companies Register to ascertain whether any puisne mortgage ( ie a mortgage not protected by the deposit with the lender of the title deeds , such as a second mortgage ) is noted in its register of charges .
there 's one further search that should be made on a purchase or mortgage of unregistered land : if the seller or mortgagor is a limited company , which acquired the land before 1 january 1970 , search the companies register to [understand/know] whether any puisne mortgage ( ie a mortgage not protected by the deposit with the lender of the title deeds , such as a second mortgage ) is noted in its register of charges .

Dear Sirs , re Ltd Property : We act for the buyer of the above property , and we should be grateful if you would search the register of the above company to ascertain whether any charges or incumbrances or the appointment of a receiver or other matter adverse to the company 's title prior to 1 January 1970 are registered against the said property .
dear sirs , re ltd property : we act for the buyer of the above property , and we should be grateful if you would search the register of the above company to [understand/know] whether any charges or incumbrances or the appointment of a receiver or other matter adverse to the company 's title prior to 1 january 1970 are registered against the said property .

They must ascertain the child 's wishes with regard to the provision of accommodation so far as this is reasonably practicable and consistent with his welfare ( s20 ( 6 ) ) .
they must [understand/know] the child 's wishes with regard to the provision of accommodation so far as this is reasonably practicable and consistent with his welfare ( s20 ( 6 ) ) .

Lawyers are not particularly well trained to ascertain a child 's capacity to understand and this may pose problems .
lawyers are not particularly well trained to [understand/know] a child 's capacity to understand and this may pose problems .

If the child is of sufficient understanding his views should not simply be disregarded because it is difficult to ascertain them .
if the child is of sufficient understanding his views should not simply be disregarded because it is difficult to [understand/know] them .

It is important to ascertain the source of overseas receipts to ascertain how income derived therefrom is to be taxed .
it is important to [understand/know] the source of overseas receipts to [understand/know] how income derived therefrom is to be taxed .

Nor ( in many cases ) is it necessary for the exchange to ascertain all relevant facts before taking action , provided it does so in good faith .
nor ( in many cases ) is it necessary for the exchange to [understand/know] all relevant facts before taking action , provided it does so in good faith .

The lawyer should ascertain the reasons why the client chose your firm and send an acknowledgement to recommending sources , if appropriate .
the lawyer should [understand/know] the reasons why the client chose your firm and send an acknowledgement to recommending sources , if appropriate .

Ascertain what type of case each lawyer prefers and whether the lawyer has any interests outside work that assist .
[understand/know] what type of case each lawyer prefers and whether the lawyer has any interests outside work that assist .

The employees then went on to David , who tested heart and lungs and talked to each of them to ascertain whether there were any personal anxieties that might affect their role in management .
the employees then went on to david , who tested heart and lungs and talked to each of them to [understand/know] whether there were any personal anxieties that might affect their role in management .

What such compounds ‘ taste ’ like to other animals is difficult to ascertain , but sometimes very different flavours are due to quite subtle chemical differences between compounds , the sweet taste of vanillin , for example , giving way to the hot and pungent zingerone when condensed with acetone and its double bond reduced , while pungency itself can be explained as to its relative strength by the replacement of particular groups in the molecule .
what such compounds ‘ taste ’ like to other animals is difficult to [understand/know] , but sometimes very different flavours are due to quite subtle chemical differences between compounds , the sweet taste of vanillin , for example , giving way to the hot and pungent zingerone when condensed with acetone and its double bond reduced , while pungency itself can be explained as to its relative strength by the replacement of particular groups in the molecule .

‘ My query about the weight is to ascertain the dose of anaesthetic to put in the barrel of the dart which is shot into the animal by the Cap Chur gun .
‘ my query about the weight is to [understand/know] the dose of anaesthetic to put in the barrel of the dart which is shot into the animal by the cap chur gun .

2.16 There are , then , on Lord Wright 's dictum , three stages to the calculation : first of all , one has to ascertain the earnings of the deceased , less his personal and living expenses .
2.16 there are , then , on lord wright 's dictum , three stages to the calculation : first of all , one has to [understand/know] the earnings of the deceased , less his personal and living expenses .

The starting point for each of them is to ascertain from the appropriate table of retail price indices covering the period between service of writ and trial what would have been the equivalent of those damages in the money of the day at the date of service of writ , reckoned in pounds sterling at the higher value that they then stood at at the very beginning of the period for which simple interest is to be given .
the starting point for each of them is to [understand/know] from the appropriate table of retail price indices covering the period between service of writ and trial what would have been the equivalent of those damages in the money of the day at the date of service of writ , reckoned in pounds sterling at the higher value that they then stood at at the very beginning of the period for which simple interest is to be given .

If it is a loss of earnings the court has only to ascertain and add up the net earnings lost , and if it is loss caused by out-of-pocket expenditure the court has only to ascertain and add up the total expenditure .
if it is a loss of earnings the court has only to [understand/know] and add up the net earnings lost , and if it is loss caused by out-of-pocket expenditure the court has only to [understand/know] and add up the total expenditure .

4.12 There are many advanced and expensive appliances now available to assist the disabled and an injured plaintiff 's advisers should consult medical experts to ascertain whether any such appliance should be acquired to mitigate the plaintiff 's particular disability .
4.12 there are many advanced and expensive appliances now available to assist the disabled and an injured plaintiff 's advisers should consult medical experts to [understand/know] whether any such appliance should be acquired to mitigate the plaintiff 's particular disability .

The main aims will be to : ( a ) identify particular commercial/legal problems of such magnitude as to cause the investor to withdraw or adjust its terms , including the price , either directly or indirectly through indemnities ; ( b ) flush out any unknown or understated liabilities and ensure the vendor will deliver good title ( free from encumbrances ) to the assets ; ( c ) ascertain more precisely the worth of the target business to the buyer and to provide an effective means of valuing the shares or the assets ; and ( d ) provide a clear understanding of how the business functions , including the operation of its financial and management systems .
the main aims will be to : ( a ) identify particular commercial/legal problems of such magnitude as to cause the investor to withdraw or adjust its terms , including the price , either directly or indirectly through indemnities ; ( b ) flush out any unknown or understated liabilities and ensure the vendor will deliver good title ( free from encumbrances ) to the assets ; ( c ) [understand/know] more precisely the worth of the target business to the buyer and to provide an effective means of valuing the shares or the assets ; and ( d ) provide a clear understanding of how the business functions , including the operation of its financial and management systems .

In addition , the investors will be keen to obtain warranties in respect of the business plan and future financial forecasts along the following lines : ( a ) The Business Plan has been carefully prepared in good faith having regard to the information available and the market conditions prevailing at the time of its preparation and the figures contained therein have been carefully considered and are honestly believed to be reasonable and the Managers have made all reasonable enquiries so as to ascertain all such information and conditions which are relevant to the preparation of the forecasts contained therein .
in addition , the investors will be keen to obtain warranties in respect of the business plan and future financial forecasts along the following lines : ( a ) the business plan has been carefully prepared in good faith having regard to the information available and the market conditions prevailing at the time of its preparation and the figures contained therein have been carefully considered and are honestly believed to be reasonable and the managers have made all reasonable enquiries so as to [understand/know] all such information and conditions which are relevant to the preparation of the forecasts contained therein .

It is hard to assert that a general duty of supervision exists in the absence of fraud by the member States , which would be hard to ascertain , or as a matter of policy to ensure the responsible operation of an international organisation .
it is hard to assert that a general duty of supervision exists in the absence of fraud by the member states , which would be hard to [understand/know] , or as a matter of policy to ensure the responsible operation of an international organisation .

It is therefore necessary to ascertain whether this device could be used to make the member States liable to the creditors in international law .
it is therefore necessary to [understand/know] whether this device could be used to make the member states liable to the creditors in international law .

Any pronouncement about educational technology needs to be scrutinized with great care to ascertain what meaning is intended — the machines , the machines in use , or a methodology .
any pronouncement about educational technology needs to be scrutinized with great care to [understand/know] what meaning is intended — the machines , the machines in use , or a methodology .

How does it ascertain those views ?
how does it [understand/know] those views ?

Human rights groups are calling for a postmortem to ascertain the cause of his death .
human rights groups are calling for a postmortem to [understand/know] the cause of his death .

Human rights groups are calling for a postmortem to ascertain the cause of his death .
human rights groups are calling for a postmortem to [understand/know] the cause of his death .

The very first step is to try and ascertain exactly why the media have approached you .
the very first step is to try and [understand/know] exactly why the media have approached you .

1 Find out the reasons for any request for spokesmen or filming facilities and try to ascertain what angle is to be taken .
1 find out the reasons for any request for spokesmen or filming facilities and try to [understand/know] what angle is to be taken .

laboratory trials should always be made to ascertain the most effective dosing conditions for the water that is to be treated .
laboratory trials should always be made to [understand/know] the most effective dosing conditions for the water that is to be treated .

It can be very difficult for the insurance company , after the event , to ascertain what precautions were taken so that , in many cases , they will pay out however you behaved . ``
it can be very difficult for the insurance company , after the event , to [understand/know] what precautions were taken so that , in many cases , they will pay out however you behaved . ``

The counsellor can then ascertain whether the client has understood the information on treatment choices .
the counsellor can then [understand/know] whether the client has understood the information on treatment choices .

It was not possible to ascertain the extent to which DNs are influenced by , or exert an influence upon , doctors in making joint decisions ; nor to assess the wisdom of these decisions .
it was not possible to [understand/know] the extent to which dns are influenced by , or exert an influence upon , doctors in making joint decisions ; nor to assess the wisdom of these decisions .

It is important that each party to a prospective transaction should be able to ascertain readily whether or not his contract will be governed by the Convention .
it is important that each party to a prospective transaction should be able to [understand/know] readily whether or not his contract will be governed by the convention .

Invited the Home Secretary to ascertain whether it would be possible to draft the title of the Criminal Justice Bill in such a way as to exclude any amendment for the abolition of capital punishment ;
invited the home secretary to [understand/know] whether it would be possible to draft the title of the criminal justice bill in such a way as to exclude any amendment for the abolition of capital punishment ;

Eschewing undue optimism , and the constant pressure from the pincers precluded any such temptation , the White Paper irradiated a belief in the importance of scrutinizing the causes of crime , calmly and dispassionately , in order to ascertain more effectively methods of combating it .
eschewing undue optimism , and the constant pressure from the pincers precluded any such temptation , the white paper irradiated a belief in the importance of scrutinizing the causes of crime , calmly and dispassionately , in order to [understand/know] more effectively methods of combating it .

When receiving incoming calls for executives or management , always ascertain who the caller is and , if possible , the nature of his or her business , and then check whether the member of staff wishes to accept the call .
when receiving incoming calls for executives or management , always [understand/know] who the caller is and , if possible , the nature of his or her business , and then check whether the member of staff wishes to accept the call .

Always tactfully ascertain whether a couple would prefer a double-bedded room or a twin-bedded room .
always tactfully [understand/know] whether a couple would prefer a double-bedded room or a twin-bedded room .

Before offering accommodation try to ascertain any preference the guest may have , such as for a room with a view or a room away from traffic and noise .
before offering accommodation try to [understand/know] any preference the guest may have , such as for a room with a view or a room away from traffic and noise .

They will ascertain the conference buyer 's need and structure their services to meet these needs .
they will [understand/know] the conference buyer 's need and structure their services to meet these needs .

For 1969–83 registrations at age 15–24 were obtained from the Northern Region Cancer Registry and ( for 1969–73 in what is now South Cumbria ) the North Western Regional Cancer Registry ; in general , no further effort was made to ascertain cases .
for 1969–83 registrations at age 15–24 were obtained from the northern region cancer registry and ( for 1969–73 in what is now south cumbria ) the north western regional cancer registry ; in general , no further effort was made to [understand/know] cases .

Ascertainment through regional cancer registries may not be complete , and so a special search of hospital and pathology department records was made to ascertain any cases of leukaemia or lymphoma in Allerdale and Copeland for 1969–83 that might not previously have been registered .
ascertainment through regional cancer registries may not be complete , and so a special search of hospital and pathology department records was made to [understand/know] any cases of leukaemia or lymphoma in allerdale and copeland for 1969–83 that might not previously have been registered .

Ascertain that , despite the variable length operation code , a binary pattern is always uniquely decodable into an instruction .
[understand/know] that , despite the variable length operation code , a binary pattern is always uniquely decodable into an instruction .

The information was also required to ascertain what assessment materials could be included at different levels of a graduated test scheme so that pupils taking each level could achieve a high degree of success .
the information was also required to [understand/know] what assessment materials could be included at different levels of a graduated test scheme so that pupils taking each level could achieve a high degree of success .

41–102 ) , trials of appropriate test items were carried out in order to ascertain how difficult pupils found the items .
41–102 ) , trials of appropriate test items were carried out in order to [understand/know] how difficult pupils found the items .

One difficulty is how the courts ascertain the policy of any Act of Parliament .
one difficulty is how the courts [understand/know] the policy of any act of parliament .

The person due to receive the animals should be consulted to ascertain the documentation required .
the person due to receive the animals should be consulted to [understand/know] the documentation required .

Although unfortunately details of the projects are tantalizingly hard to ascertain , at least two attempts were made after 1888 by the Edinburgh Typographical Society to set up a women 's union , The first , in the late 1880s , is referred to only in the retrospective `` statement on the Female Question `` , published in 1904 ; Miss Black of London [ who must have been Clementina Black ] a lady who was well-known for her efforts to improve the social condition of her sex , offered to make an endeavour to organise the female compositors in Edinburgh , with a view to remedying the evils complained of by the journeymen .
although unfortunately details of the projects are tantalizingly hard to [understand/know] , at least two attempts were made after 1888 by the edinburgh typographical society to set up a women 's union , the first , in the late 1880s , is referred to only in the retrospective `` statement on the female question `` , published in 1904 ; miss black of london [ who must have been clementina black ] a lady who was well-known for her efforts to improve the social condition of her sex , offered to make an endeavour to organise the female compositors in edinburgh , with a view to remedying the evils complained of by the journeymen .

Some patients will be admitted to the ward for observation and investigations of a condition which is thought likely to need surgical treatment ; for example , to ascertain the cause of abdominal pain .
some patients will be admitted to the ward for observation and investigations of a condition which is thought likely to need surgical treatment ; for example , to [understand/know] the cause of abdominal pain .

It may be quite difficult to ascertain the conditions a patient will go home to and whether there are any risks involved .
it may be quite difficult to [understand/know] the conditions a patient will go home to and whether there are any risks involved .

The manager should ascertain as early as possible the intentions of medical staff , particularly surgeons , with regard to the summer leave commitments .
the manager should [understand/know] as early as possible the intentions of medical staff , particularly surgeons , with regard to the summer leave commitments .

1 he Act states ‘ … the general purpose of a community council shall be to ascertain , co-ordinate and express to the local authorities for its area , and to public authorities , the views of the community which it represents … and to take such action in the interests of that community as appears to it to be expedient and practicable ’ ( Section 51 ( 2 ) ) .
1 he act states ‘ … the general purpose of a community council shall be to [understand/know] , co-ordinate and express to the local authorities for its area , and to public authorities , the views of the community which it represents … and to take such action in the interests of that community as appears to it to be expedient and practicable ’ ( section 51 ( 2 ) ) .

Approximately 80,000 to 100,000 Korean troops ( the Korean Volunteer Army ) had from time to time been reported as serving in Manchuria with the communist armies but it was difficult to ascertain actual strengths .
approximately 80,000 to 100,000 korean troops ( the korean volunteer army ) had from time to time been reported as serving in manchuria with the communist armies but it was difficult to [understand/know] actual strengths .

’ The laws governing politics , says Morgenthau , have not changed through the years , and they enable the Realist to ascertain the rational thing for a national leader to do in any circumstances .
’ the laws governing politics , says morgenthau , have not changed through the years , and they enable the realist to [understand/know] the rational thing for a national leader to do in any circumstances .

The Council suggested the need for independent ‘ unified ’ research to ascertain the size and scope of the heroin problem , as they feared that otherwise a number of ‘ in-house ’ research papers would be produced which would lack coordination and the necessary overview .
the council suggested the need for independent ‘ unified ’ research to [understand/know] the size and scope of the heroin problem , as they feared that otherwise a number of ‘ in-house ’ research papers would be produced which would lack coordination and the necessary overview .

Each new teacher is put through a period of what we can call social apprenticeship by the pupils in order to ascertain what sort of person and disciplinarian ( s ) he is going to be .
each new teacher is put through a period of what we can call social apprenticeship by the pupils in order to [understand/know] what sort of person and disciplinarian ( s ) he is going to be .

However , circumstances can change , and you are invited to contact the offices listed below to ascertain whether your chosen establishment is currently registered .
however , circumstances can change , and you are invited to contact the offices listed below to [understand/know] whether your chosen establishment is currently registered .

One way of interpreting this is to ascertain whether the student was in halls or rented accommodation which was only available during term time .
one way of interpreting this is to [understand/know] whether the student was in halls or rented accommodation which was only available during term time .

Ascertain if there is any other insurance in force to cover the loss or damage .
[understand/know] if there is any other insurance in force to cover the loss or damage .

Enquiries should be made to ascertain whether or not there is any other insurance in force .
enquiries should be made to [understand/know] whether or not there is any other insurance in force .

Where a trader advises that an item is beyond economical repair , we should seek to ascertain , by phone if necessary , the actual cost of repair .
where a trader advises that an item is beyond economical repair , we should seek to [understand/know] , by phone if necessary , the actual cost of repair .

Proprietary life assurance companies are no different in this respect but it is very difficult to ascertain the amounts of profit arising from individual contracts and the exact period of time over which they can be said to have been earned .
proprietary life assurance companies are no different in this respect but it is very difficult to [understand/know] the amounts of profit arising from individual contracts and the exact period of time over which they can be said to have been earned .

The most simple value to ascertain is usually the current replacement cost and taking this figure as a start point , the following should be used in order to determine liability :
the most simple value to [understand/know] is usually the current replacement cost and taking this figure as a start point , the following should be used in order to determine liability :

However , beyond this period enquiries should be made to ascertain what , if any , complications exist .
however , beyond this period enquiries should be made to [understand/know] what , if any , complications exist .

Although we are unable to ascertain the price increases for the various insurance companies in Northern Ireland and Great Britain as we can in the Republic of Ireland , nevertheless our research does indicate that even after allowing for these rate increases the cumulative increase for Autocover in Northern Ireland and Great Britain since the commencement of the scheme is significantly less than the average increase charged by most other insurance companies during the same period .
although we are unable to [understand/know] the price increases for the various insurance companies in northern ireland and great britain as we can in the republic of ireland , nevertheless our research does indicate that even after allowing for these rate increases the cumulative increase for autocover in northern ireland and great britain since the commencement of the scheme is significantly less than the average increase charged by most other insurance companies during the same period .

Insurance The chairman will look through the portfolio to ascertain the details .
insurance the chairman will look through the portfolio to [understand/know] the details .

And that does n't help us much because , so far as we have been able to ascertain , the Zikr does n't appear to have bought a bottle of perfume in his life .
and that does n't help us much because , so far as we have been able to [understand/know] , the zikr does n't appear to have bought a bottle of perfume in his life .

Secondly , if the objective of the study of Giaffer et al was to ascertain whether a particular form of nitrogen source ( amino acid v whole protein ) had a primary beneficial effect , both formula diets should have been equivalent in carbohydrate and fat composition , and in fact the amount of fat administered was 15 times higher in the polymeric than in the elemental diet .
secondly , if the objective of the study of giaffer et al was to [understand/know] whether a particular form of nitrogen source ( amino acid v whole protein ) had a primary beneficial effect , both formula diets should have been equivalent in carbohydrate and fat composition , and in fact the amount of fat administered was 15 times higher in the polymeric than in the elemental diet .

It seems likely , however , that the low prevalence among children is largely a consequence of inability to ascertain pre-onset cases , while among parents it could stem from the effect of Crohn 's disease on marital relationships with reduced fertility , either through complications of the disease in women or reversible azoospermia during sulphasalazine treatment in men .
it seems likely , however , that the low prevalence among children is largely a consequence of inability to [understand/know] pre-onset cases , while among parents it could stem from the effect of crohn 's disease on marital relationships with reduced fertility , either through complications of the disease in women or reversible azoospermia during sulphasalazine treatment in men .

Reduced fitness and inability to ascertain pre-onset cases are likely to have resulted in serious underestimates of heritability in parents and children .
reduced fitness and inability to [understand/know] pre-onset cases are likely to have resulted in serious underestimates of heritability in parents and children .

The relative extent of involvement of the enteric nerves is difficult to ascertain since for technical reasons no control fluid absorption was recorded in the present animals before exposure to the parasite .
the relative extent of involvement of the enteric nerves is difficult to [understand/know] since for technical reasons no control fluid absorption was recorded in the present animals before exposure to the parasite .

The geographical spread of the mining industry is hard to ascertain , for much of it is poorly recorded , but incidental references in both ecclesiastical and secular sources show the existence of mines in Yorkshire , Staffordshire and Wales as well as in the North .
the geographical spread of the mining industry is hard to [understand/know] , for much of it is poorly recorded , but incidental references in both ecclesiastical and secular sources show the existence of mines in yorkshire , staffordshire and wales as well as in the north .

Future safety testing of pesticides should be conducted on immature animals to ascertain the effects of exposure on the young , the panel said , and researchers should develop bioassay protocols that provide information on the contribution exposures to chemicals at different ages have on lifetime risks for disease .
future safety testing of pesticides should be conducted on immature animals to [understand/know] the effects of exposure on the young , the panel said , and researchers should develop bioassay protocols that provide information on the contribution exposures to chemicals at different ages have on lifetime risks for disease .

— To ascertain the relative profitability of products so that organizations can make decisions regarding the mix of products .
— to [understand/know] the relative profitability of products so that organizations can make decisions regarding the mix of products .

He devised an experiment to ascertain whether salivation could occur in the absence of any obvious physical cause .
he devised an experiment to [understand/know] whether salivation could occur in the absence of any obvious physical cause .

The second main objective of an audit is to ascertain and evaluate the reliability of the accounting systems used as the basis for preparation of the financial statements .
the second main objective of an audit is to [understand/know] and evaluate the reliability of the accounting systems used as the basis for preparation of the financial statements .

An inquiry was opened to ascertain why the accident had occurred when both ships had apparently been warned by the West German coastguard that they were on a collision course .
an inquiry was opened to [understand/know] why the accident had occurred when both ships had apparently been warned by the west german coastguard that they were on a collision course .

an initial call to ascertain whether a business is for sale or a potential buyer is interested in the opportunity would appear to be permitted .
an initial call to [understand/know] whether a business is for sale or a potential buyer is interested in the opportunity would appear to be permitted .

It was then that Chuck had carried out a quick examination of the unconscious Grant , to ascertain the extent of his injuries .
it was then that chuck had carried out a quick examination of the unconscious grant , to [understand/know] the extent of his injuries .

The research aims to ascertain whether or not there is general satisfaction with existing legal forms among small businesses , and whether there are any aspects of the regulations which give particular rise to concern .
the research aims to [understand/know] whether or not there is general satisfaction with existing legal forms among small businesses , and whether there are any aspects of the regulations which give particular rise to concern .

Second , a sample of visitors to the area will be interviewed to ascertain what are some of the expectations and values that they bring with them .
second , a sample of visitors to the area will be interviewed to [understand/know] what are some of the expectations and values that they bring with them .

People will be interviewed at the time of taking a photograph and later after they have seen the results in order to ascertain just what they think they have ‘ captured ’ photographically .
people will be interviewed at the time of taking a photograph and later after they have seen the results in order to [understand/know] just what they think they have ‘ captured ’ photographically .

Children aged 3 to 9 will take part in a series of games ; their responses to questions on these games will be analyzed to ascertain whether comparisons were made and affected their self-evaluations .
children aged 3 to 9 will take part in a series of games ; their responses to questions on these games will be analyzed to [understand/know] whether comparisons were made and affected their self-evaluations .

Tests can be devised to ascertain whether changes in a person 's lifestyle , or fluctuations in the party 's electoral popularity , will affect membership .
tests can be devised to [understand/know] whether changes in a person 's lifestyle , or fluctuations in the party 's electoral popularity , will affect membership .

Sending and recording claims for journal/serial parts not received , including a regular monthly check of all outstanding claims to ascertain those which require to be reclaimed .
sending and recording claims for journal/serial parts not received , including a regular monthly check of all outstanding claims to [understand/know] those which require to be reclaimed .

Before asserting that the deceptive appearance of a grasshopper or butterfly is unnecessarily detailed , we must first ascertain what are the powers of perception and discrimination of the insects ' natural enemies .
before asserting that the deceptive appearance of a grasshopper or butterfly is unnecessarily detailed , we must first [understand/know] what are the powers of perception and discrimination of the insects ' natural enemies .

The system should ascertain from the operation number whether further details are required , and request them if necessary .
the system should [understand/know] from the operation number whether further details are required , and request them if necessary .

Yet not only had she not said anything but as far as he 'd been able to ascertain she had n't left him any lunch .
yet not only had she not said anything but as far as he 'd been able to [understand/know] she had n't left him any lunch .

It is difficult however , when browsing through advertisements to ascertain which is the best and most reliable program for your particular needs .
it is difficult however , when browsing through advertisements to [understand/know] which is the best and most reliable program for your particular needs .

Precisely which one it was they were also unable to ascertain , except that it was one of the eight basic spells that were intricately interwoven with the very fabric of time and space itself .
precisely which one it was they were also unable to [understand/know] , except that it was one of the eight basic spells that were intricately interwoven with the very fabric of time and space itself .

These sensors can provide information that the surgeon would find it difficult to ascertain for himself .
these sensors can provide information that the surgeon would find it difficult to [understand/know] for himself .

He ‘ caught numerous examples , marked and gave them their liberty , in order to ascertain whether the individuals which were flying round the ship at nightfall , were the same that were similarly engaged at daylight in the morning after a night 's run of 120 miles , and which in nearly every instance proved to be the case .
he ‘ caught numerous examples , marked and gave them their liberty , in order to [understand/know] whether the individuals which were flying round the ship at nightfall , were the same that were similarly engaged at daylight in the morning after a night 's run of 120 miles , and which in nearly every instance proved to be the case .

Had Baldwin resigned immediately after the election , on the other hand , the King might well have sought to ascertain whether another Conservative could have formed a government and secured Liberal support .
had baldwin resigned immediately after the election , on the other hand , the king might well have sought to [understand/know] whether another conservative could have formed a government and secured liberal support .

However , there is irrefutable evidence that there will be a shortfall , and if we do not ensure that that gap is identified and ascertain where the resources to meet that gap will come from , not only will the people who are currently seeking community care be disadvantaged , but , more importantly , future generations who might seek care in the community will not receive the resources that at present they believe that they will get .
however , there is irrefutable evidence that there will be a shortfall , and if we do not ensure that that gap is identified and [understand/know] where the resources to meet that gap will come from , not only will the people who are currently seeking community care be disadvantaged , but , more importantly , future generations who might seek care in the community will not receive the resources that at present they believe that they will get .

Does my right hon. Friend agree that a party 's commitment to public services is best judged by its record in government ? Will my right hon. Friend consult our right hon. Friend the Secretary of State for the Environment to ascertain who controls the 20 authorities that have the highest community charge , the highest rent arrears and more vacant properties than any other authorities ? Does my borough of Southwark feature among them ?
does my right hon. friend agree that a party 's commitment to public services is best judged by its record in government ? will my right hon. friend consult our right hon. friend the secretary of state for the environment to [understand/know] who controls the 20 authorities that have the highest community charge , the highest rent arrears and more vacant properties than any other authorities ? does my borough of southwark feature among them ?

Local authorities are required to take reasonable steps to ascertain entitlement to discount , but in the absence of firm information they can send out an undiscounted bill .
local authorities are required to take reasonable steps to [understand/know] entitlement to discount , but in the absence of firm information they can send out an undiscounted bill .

In other words , as a matter of sensible administrative practice , authorities should make efforts to ascertain discount households before sending out bills .
in other words , as a matter of sensible administrative practice , authorities should make efforts to [understand/know] discount households before sending out bills .

With Mr Braybrooke 's astonished help , she 'd managed to ascertain that as Isabelle Riquard 's only child , Sabine was legal heir to Les Hiboux .
with mr braybrooke 's astonished help , she 'd managed to [understand/know] that as isabelle riquard 's only child , sabine was legal heir to les hiboux .

2 To ascertain the extent of behavioural change related to health in a specified community .
2 to [understand/know] the extent of behavioural change related to health in a specified community .

The reference interview should ascertain both a clear subject profile and also other characteristics of the required documents or information , such as any constraints on date , language , source or level .
the reference interview should [understand/know] both a clear subject profile and also other characteristics of the required documents or information , such as any constraints on date , language , source or level .

As in the public sector , it is often difficult to ascertain the value of the individual 's marginal product ( e.g .
as in the public sector , it is often difficult to [understand/know] the value of the individual 's marginal product ( e.g .

The proportion of the different grains present is more difficult to ascertain and is done using two main techniques , point counting and visual estimates .
the proportion of the different grains present is more difficult to [understand/know] and is done using two main techniques , point counting and visual estimates .

5.40e ) , although the volume of carbonate replaced is difficult to ascertain .
5.40e ) , although the volume of carbonate replaced is difficult to [understand/know] .

It required LEAs ( in Section 34 ) to ascertain the needs of children in their area for special educational treatment , and recommended that they be educated in ordinary schools wherever possible .
it required leas ( in section 34 ) to [understand/know] the needs of children in their area for special educational treatment , and recommended that they be educated in ordinary schools wherever possible .

Local authorities were also required to provide books and stationery ; to provide facilities for recreation and physical training ; and to ascertain which children in their areas required special education , and provide special schools as necessary .
local authorities were also required to provide books and stationery ; to provide facilities for recreation and physical training ; and to [understand/know] which children in their areas required special education , and provide special schools as necessary .

Thirdly , if no early arrangements can be seen in the form of earthworks , cropmarks or soilmarks , can we still ascertain something of how the land was used in the past ?
thirdly , if no early arrangements can be seen in the form of earthworks , cropmarks or soilmarks , can we still [understand/know] something of how the land was used in the past ?

Once in employment , employees would not be required to undergo a medical examination at the behest of the employer , except to ascertain an employee 's continuing ability to perform job-related functions .
once in employment , employees would not be required to undergo a medical examination at the behest of the employer , except to [understand/know] an employee 's continuing ability to perform job-related functions .

As suggested above , what Community law seems to require national courts positively to do is to identify an organisational function and then to ascertain whether control of that function has been transferred from one person to another in such a way that the function retains its operational structure .
as suggested above , what community law seems to require national courts positively to do is to identify an organisational function and then to [understand/know] whether control of that function has been transferred from one person to another in such a way that the function retains its operational structure .

The Board decided to sponsor a research project by Mellanby to ascertain the true incidence , given the controversy that was developing .
the board decided to sponsor a research project by mellanby to [understand/know] the true incidence , given the controversy that was developing .

It was expected to ascertain whether the Uttar Pradesh government had violated two court orders by granting permission to Hindu militants in July to start work on the construction of a Hindu temple [ see p. 39008 ] .
it was expected to [understand/know] whether the uttar pradesh government had violated two court orders by granting permission to hindu militants in july to start work on the construction of a hindu temple [ see p. 39008 ] .

Repeated attempts to ascertain the cause of the disaster had encountered difficulties in obtaining information [ see pp .
repeated attempts to [understand/know] the cause of the disaster had encountered difficulties in obtaining information [ see pp .

The overall number of deaths in the conflict was difficult to ascertain .
the overall number of deaths in the conflict was difficult to [understand/know] .

Pupils could be encouraged to ascertain what is going on in the picture , what has happened or is about to happen , why are people doing certain things .
pupils could be encouraged to [understand/know] what is going on in the picture , what has happened or is about to happen , why are people doing certain things .

The real difficulty is in each case to ascertain how far such implications extend .
the real difficulty is in each case to [understand/know] how far such implications extend .

There are a number of areas where problems are caused in trying to ascertain the appropriate standard of care for the plaintiff .
there are a number of areas where problems are caused in trying to [understand/know] the appropriate standard of care for the plaintiff .

Once the relevant occupier or occupiers have been identified the next stage is to ascertain the status of the plaintiff .
once the relevant occupier or occupiers have been identified the next stage is to [understand/know] the status of the plaintiff .

But to ascertain what the Algerian people wanted and what the French people would accept was bound to be a gradual process .
but to [understand/know] what the algerian people wanted and what the french people would accept was bound to be a gradual process .

( 2 ) The Council may ( in order to ascertain whether or not any of these Rules or other rules , principles or requirements of conduct applicable to recognised bodies by virtue of these Rules or section 9 of the Act are being complied with ) at any time by written notice require a recognised body or an officer or member of the body to submit to the Council any report , certificate , audit or other documentation or information which the Council may require and the recognised body or the officer or member as the case may be shall submit such item to the Council within such period as may be reasonably determined by the Council .
( 2 ) the council may ( in order to [understand/know] whether or not any of these rules or other rules , principles or requirements of conduct applicable to recognised bodies by virtue of these rules or section 9 of the act are being complied with ) at any time by written notice require a recognised body or an officer or member of the body to submit to the council any report , certificate , audit or other documentation or information which the council may require and the recognised body or the officer or member as the case may be shall submit such item to the council within such period as may be reasonably determined by the council .

It is difficult to ascertain whether any known examples fall into the former category .
it is difficult to [understand/know] whether any known examples fall into the former category .

All of these students however were rigorously selected through interviews and examinations designed to ascertain their academic abilities .
all of these students however were rigorously selected through interviews and examinations designed to [understand/know] their academic abilities .

It may be that they were climbing up into the older parts of the mine above the Grand Level to ascertain whether all the worthwhile ore had been taken out .
it may be that they were climbing up into the older parts of the mine above the grand level to [understand/know] whether all the worthwhile ore had been taken out .

The position was now to be reviewed to ascertain whether production was at last to be increased and sustained .
the position was now to be reviewed to [understand/know] whether production was at last to be increased and sustained .

They were to ascertain `` whether some of our own Nation inhabiting in those parts , may not be trained up in the said worke . ``
they were to [understand/know] `` whether some of our own nation inhabiting in those parts , may not be trained up in the said worke . ``

He had made enquiry in Cornwall to ascertain what dues were typical in that county and from the information he had gleaned he was able to show that Consolidated Mines paid one-twentyfourth ; Tresavean and South Roskear one-twentieth ; and North Roskear to two different Mineral Lords — one-twentieth and one-fifteenth .
he had made enquiry in cornwall to [understand/know] what dues were typical in that county and from the information he had gleaned he was able to show that consolidated mines paid one-twentyfourth ; tresavean and south roskear one-twentieth ; and north roskear to two different mineral lords — one-twentieth and one-fifteenth .

Amazingly , he recovered , but no-one could ascertain what had caused the fits .
amazingly , he recovered , but no-one could [understand/know] what had caused the fits .

Back on Venturous , Phil Andrews again hit the headlines in the early days of the pirate radio ships when , during a routine patrol off the Essex Coast he decided to speak to the Caroline to ascertain if bonded stores were carried .
back on venturous , phil andrews again hit the headlines in the early days of the pirate radio ships when , during a routine patrol off the essex coast he decided to speak to the caroline to [understand/know] if bonded stores were carried .

‘ We approached the local minister to ascertain if they had a visiting committee .
‘ we approached the local minister to [understand/know] if they had a visiting committee .

The aim of this study was to prospectively assess the plasma fatty acid pattern in patients with active inflammatory bowel disease compared with healthy controls and to ascertain whether the activity of the disease has any influence upon plasma concentrations of fatty acids .
the aim of this study was to prospectively assess the plasma fatty acid pattern in patients with active inflammatory bowel disease compared with healthy controls and to [understand/know] whether the activity of the disease has any influence upon plasma concentrations of fatty acids .

The seal is broken and the tube worn on the clothing of the operator for at least two hours and a simple calculation made to ascertain the ppm of the gas during that time .
the seal is broken and the tube worn on the clothing of the operator for at least two hours and a simple calculation made to [understand/know] the ppm of the gas during that time .

The committee 's first task was to ascertain objectively whether discrimination exists against women at the Bar and , if so , the extent of such discrimination .
the committee 's first task was to [understand/know] objectively whether discrimination exists against women at the bar and , if so , the extent of such discrimination .

Before the king made a grant of new privileges in the forest , the warden was often ordered to summon a jury to hold an inquest ad quod damnum , to ascertain the extent of the loss the Crown would incur by making the grant .
before the king made a grant of new privileges in the forest , the warden was often ordered to summon a jury to hold an inquest ad quod damnum , to [understand/know] the extent of the loss the crown would incur by making the grant .

It was resolved that any member absent for twelve months should be visited by a deputation to ‘ ascertain the cause ’ .
it was resolved that any member absent for twelve months should be visited by a deputation to ‘ [understand/know] the cause ’ .

Though since the judicature Act came into force in 1875 the rules of Common Law and Equity are recognized and administered in the same court , yet they still remain distinct bodies of law , governed largely by different principles . In order to ascertain the rights to which any given set of facts give rise , we must always ask what is the rule of Common Law ? what difference ( if any ) is made in the working of this rule by the existence of some rule of Equity applying to the case ?
though since the judicature act came into force in 1875 the rules of common law and equity are recognized and administered in the same court , yet they still remain distinct bodies of law , governed largely by different principles . in order to [understand/know] the rights to which any given set of facts give rise , we must always ask what is the rule of common law ? what difference ( if any ) is made in the working of this rule by the existence of some rule of equity applying to the case ?

Turkey 's experts , they said , needed the co-operation of the Metropolitan to be able to ascertain whether the objects formed part of the Lydian hoard .
turkey 's experts , they said , needed the co-operation of the metropolitan to be able to [understand/know] whether the objects formed part of the lydian hoard .

The focus of information gathering will be on aggregated information to ascertain general trends so detailed accuracy will not be as important .
the focus of information gathering will be on aggregated information to [understand/know] general trends so detailed accuracy will not be as important .

Yet financial improvement was slow to come and in 1936 the Financial Advisers set out to ‘ ascertain the weight of meat consumed by staff and visitors ’ .
yet financial improvement was slow to come and in 1936 the financial advisers set out to ‘ [understand/know] the weight of meat consumed by staff and visitors ’ .

He stated that his purpose had been ‘ to ascertain the character and function of Mind as the organising principle in Evolution .
he stated that his purpose had been ‘ to [understand/know] the character and function of mind as the organising principle in evolution .

Unfortunately , since there are so many possible explanations , the correct one is most difficult to ascertain .
unfortunately , since there are so many possible explanations , the correct one is most difficult to [understand/know] .

In order to ascertain the cause of a urethritis , it is necessary to obtain material from just inside the urethral meatus .
in order to [understand/know] the cause of a urethritis , it is necessary to obtain material from just inside the urethral meatus .

The judge will go over the dog using his hands and eyes to look for any faults in conformation , but most of all to ascertain the virtues of the animal .
the judge will go over the dog using his hands and eyes to look for any faults in conformation , but most of all to [understand/know] the virtues of the animal .

This method of repeatedly deploying a stretched string to plot the light rays and thus ascertain selected points on an image was incorporated into the perspective machines described by Leonardo and Dürer .
this method of repeatedly deploying a stretched string to plot the light rays and thus [understand/know] selected points on an image was incorporated into the perspective machines described by leonardo and dürer .

As recording and video costs can rise with the artist 's gradual development , there will be an evaluation of every record 's sales figures to ascertain why a record failed or achieved only marginal success .
as recording and video costs can rise with the artist 's gradual development , there will be an evaluation of every record 's sales figures to [understand/know] why a record failed or achieved only marginal success .

This is to ascertain whether these companies have paid over the correct royalties to the band .
this is to [understand/know] whether these companies have paid over the correct royalties to the band .

Because money from the off-farm jobs was put into the farm , it was difficult to ascertain what the trading position of the part-time farm actually was but the figures quoted are considered to be fairly near the mark .
because money from the off-farm jobs was put into the farm , it was difficult to [understand/know] what the trading position of the part-time farm actually was but the figures quoted are considered to be fairly near the mark .

It was not possible to ascertain if the son wanted to take over .
it was not possible to [understand/know] if the son wanted to take over .

The question about tackling more tasks on the farm than at present was to ascertain if women : ( a ) wanted to do more , or ( b ) thought it was their responsibility to be able to contribute more to the farm .
the question about tackling more tasks on the farm than at present was to [understand/know] if women : ( a ) wanted to do more , or ( b ) thought it was their responsibility to be able to contribute more to the farm .

With this in mind all those who indicated a preference for evening sessions were asked a supplementary question to ascertain their mental and physical alertness and receptiveness .
with this in mind all those who indicated a preference for evening sessions were asked a supplementary question to [understand/know] their mental and physical alertness and receptiveness .

Because of the nature of the sample this study could not ascertain the views of residents themselves .
because of the nature of the sample this study could not [understand/know] the views of residents themselves .

Welfare services will have to respond to this and agencies will be increasingly required to produce clear written information on their services for parents and children and to ascertain and consider clients ' views when decisions are made .
welfare services will have to respond to this and agencies will be increasingly required to produce clear written information on their services for parents and children and to [understand/know] and consider clients ' views when decisions are made .

In procedural terms , therefore , the life sentence involves a transfer of function : normally it is the judge who determines the sentence ( or at least its upper limit , since earlier release on parole may be possible ) , whereas a life sentence entrusts that function to the executive , who must first ascertain the opinions of the Lord Chief Justice and the trial judge .
in procedural terms , therefore , the life sentence involves a transfer of function : normally it is the judge who determines the sentence ( or at least its upper limit , since earlier release on parole may be possible ) , whereas a life sentence entrusts that function to the executive , who must first [understand/know] the opinions of the lord chief justice and the trial judge .

Thus the court must first ascertain the gravity of the provocation experienced by the defendant , and then consider whether this provides some excuse for the loss of control .
thus the court must first [understand/know] the gravity of the provocation experienced by the defendant , and then consider whether this provides some excuse for the loss of control .

One could argue that there are certain situations in which the risk of serious harm is so obvious that it would be right for the law to impose a duty to take care to ascertain the facts before proceeding .
one could argue that there are certain situations in which the risk of serious harm is so obvious that it would be right for the law to impose a duty to take care to [understand/know] the facts before proceeding .

Thus the argument is that the victim 's right to autonomy and freedom of sexual choice does not need to yield to the principle that a defendant should be judged on the facts as he believes them to be ; it would be so simple ( because of the inevitable physical proximity of the man and woman ) for the man to ascertain the facts here .
thus the argument is that the victim 's right to autonomy and freedom of sexual choice does not need to yield to the principle that a defendant should be judged on the facts as he believes them to be ; it would be so simple ( because of the inevitable physical proximity of the man and woman ) for the man to [understand/know] the facts here .

The correct approach was to ascertain whether the person who had given the land had pointed out clearly what he intended to be done with it .
the correct approach was to [understand/know] whether the person who had given the land had pointed out clearly what he intended to be done with it .

So from the point of view of the consumer , there are few tests that can be done prior to purchase , to ascertain how well a product will perform when fitted into the car .
so from the point of view of the consumer , there are few tests that can be done prior to purchase , to [understand/know] how well a product will perform when fitted into the car .

As well as being responsible for all viewers ' and listeners ' complaints , the council will also monitor programmes from outside the United Kingdom which can be received here , ‘ to ascertain how violence and sexual conduct are portrayed ’ .
as well as being responsible for all viewers ' and listeners ' complaints , the council will also monitor programmes from outside the united kingdom which can be received here , ‘ to [understand/know] how violence and sexual conduct are portrayed ’ .

Mr Spackerman , a surgeon , whose unenviable task it was to ascertain the cause of death , said Rhoda met her demise due to strangulation .
mr spackerman , a surgeon , whose unenviable task it was to [understand/know] the cause of death , said rhoda met her demise due to strangulation .

It is also impossible to ascertain the outcome of another Wokingham murder .
it is also impossible to [understand/know] the outcome of another wokingham murder .

This can be contrasted with the centesimal scale where we may have to wait a fairly long time to ascertain the action of the remedy .
this can be contrasted with the centesimal scale where we may have to wait a fairly long time to [understand/know] the action of the remedy .

Discreet soundings were taken in European court circles by French representatives to ascertain if any Princess were disposed to risk a marriage with the new Emperor , and eventually a short list of two was put forward .
discreet soundings were taken in european court circles by french representatives to [understand/know] if any princess were disposed to risk a marriage with the new emperor , and eventually a short list of two was put forward .

There are five of these general arrest conditions : ( a ) the name of the person is not known to the police officer and he or she can not ‘ readily ascertain ’ it .
there are five of these general arrest conditions : ( a ) the name of the person is not known to the police officer and he or she can not ‘ readily [understand/know] ’ it .

The Bail Act 1976 required that each applicant for bail be individually assessed in order to ascertain whether there was a real risk of a further offence .
the bail act 1976 required that each applicant for bail be individually assessed in order to [understand/know] whether there was a real risk of a further offence .

The vendor may be able to point out external electric cable runs , stop-cocks , gas and water runs , drains and manholes — otherwise you will have to look for them ; try to ascertain their age and condition ( see Chapter 6 ) .
the vendor may be able to point out external electric cable runs , stop-cocks , gas and water runs , drains and manholes — otherwise you will have to look for them ; try to [understand/know] their age and condition ( see chapter 6 ) .

As Bloch has commented , ‘ To us accustomed to live with our eyes constantly turning to the clock , how remote from our civilization seems this society in which a court of law could not ascertain the time of day without discussion and inquiry !
as bloch has commented , ‘ to us accustomed to live with our eyes constantly turning to the clock , how remote from our civilization seems this society in which a court of law could not [understand/know] the time of day without discussion and inquiry !

The only way that we could definitely ascertain the extent of the increase in recorded crime which is due to changes in reporting and/or recording practices would be if there were available victimization data over a long period .
the only way that we could definitely [understand/know] the extent of the increase in recorded crime which is due to changes in reporting and/or recording practices would be if there were available victimization data over a long period .

You should add your own questions to ascertain the candidate 's technical knowledge and expertise in the field in which you are dealing .
you should add your own questions to [understand/know] the candidate 's technical knowledge and expertise in the field in which you are dealing .

Table 5.6 shows that the proportions still at home were very low for those who had no principal carer , whose carer wanted institutional care , or where we were unable to interview or ascertain the carer 's preferences .
table 5.6 shows that the proportions still at home were very low for those who had no principal carer , whose carer wanted institutional care , or where we were unable to interview or [understand/know] the carer 's preferences .

It is also confusing to the inhabitants in that it is often difficult to ascertain which council has responsibility for the particular matter which concerns them .
it is also confusing to the inhabitants in that it is often difficult to [understand/know] which council has responsibility for the particular matter which concerns them .

If you are at some stage asked to undertake tasks with which you are unfamiliar , your starting point should be to ascertain whether you are , impliedly , obliged to do what is wanted .
if you are at some stage asked to undertake tasks with which you are unfamiliar , your starting point should be to [understand/know] whether you are , impliedly , obliged to do what is wanted .

Even if it is clear that you have been dismissed , the precise date when your employment comes to an end may be unclear . Yet you are likely to need to know the exact date when your job terminates for several reasons , such as to ascertain :
even if it is clear that you have been dismissed , the precise date when your employment comes to an end may be unclear . yet you are likely to need to know the exact date when your job terminates for several reasons , such as to [understand/know] :

It is important to ascertain why dietary compliance is poor .
it is important to [understand/know] why dietary compliance is poor .

Upon which , he came to see me , as you have done , to ascertain full details of what had happened .
upon which , he came to see me , as you have done , to [understand/know] full details of what had happened .

Then , on 9 July 1859 ( 11 years later ) Professor Spooner was asked to report to the governors on the state of the fund , and to ascertain who were the current trustees .
then , on 9 july 1859 ( 11 years later ) professor spooner was asked to report to the governors on the state of the fund , and to [understand/know] who were the current trustees .

The availability of this defence causes problems for a plaintiff especially where the defendant has carried out works specified in an abatement notice , without success , or where the odour problem is so complex that it is difficult to ascertain just what are the best practicable means .
the availability of this defence causes problems for a plaintiff especially where the defendant has carried out works specified in an abatement notice , without success , or where the odour problem is so complex that it is difficult to [understand/know] just what are the best practicable means .

In every case careful scrutiny of the precise structure of a public undertaking is necessary to ascertain whether it falls within the exemption .
in every case careful scrutiny of the precise structure of a public undertaking is necessary to [understand/know] whether it falls within the exemption .

The Rev Young in his History of Whitby ( 1817 ) found that the use of this garth was ‘ not easy to ascertain ’ , but thought the ‘ horn ’ referred to the fact that the tenants who had to repair the hedge were summoned by the blowing of a horn .
the rev young in his history of whitby ( 1817 ) found that the use of this garth was ‘ not easy to [understand/know] ’ , but thought the ‘ horn ’ referred to the fact that the tenants who had to repair the hedge were summoned by the blowing of a horn .

If all science were as Lendrem portrays it , we could ascertain everything by resort to introspection and examination of our own motives .
if all science were as lendrem portrays it , we could [understand/know] everything by resort to introspection and examination of our own motives .

The creatures that showed all this to Taylor and Norman Heglund are gone now , some of them posthumously taken apart limb by limb to ascertain their centres of gravity .
the creatures that showed all this to taylor and norman heglund are gone now , some of them posthumously taken apart limb by limb to [understand/know] their centres of gravity .

The purpose of these measurements was to ascertain through conscientious planning and medical surveillance that inadvertent exposure during spraying does not create any hazard to a rural population .
the purpose of these measurements was to [understand/know] through conscientious planning and medical surveillance that inadvertent exposure during spraying does not create any hazard to a rural population .

As far as it is possible to ascertain , this particular meaning appears to manifest itself only as a purely human phenomenon
as far as it is possible to [understand/know] , this particular meaning appears to manifest itself only as a purely human phenomenon

When making an inspection of work in progress the surveyor should not hesitate to obtain the services of the contractor to satisfy himself that the work is done correctly , e.g. to check fixings by applying leverage or loading or to ascertain that screeds or pavings are correctly laid with a site level .
when making an inspection of work in progress the surveyor should not hesitate to obtain the services of the contractor to satisfy himself that the work is done correctly , e.g. to check fixings by applying leverage or loading or to [understand/know] that screeds or pavings are correctly laid with a site level .

However , this is only the case because Marx was not able to ascertain the correct proportions between .
however , this is only the case because marx was not able to [understand/know] the correct proportions between .

Readers should ascertain how their own central bank defines money supply .
readers should [understand/know] how their own central bank defines money supply .

If only £75 is deposited can you , the reader , ascertain the total deposit creation that will take place ?
if only £75 is deposited can you , the reader , [understand/know] the total deposit creation that will take place ?

The reader should ascertain the position regarding his own domestic currency .
the reader should [understand/know] the position regarding his own domestic currency .

In the foreign exchange market all currencies are quoted against the dollar therefore the number of individual rates are reduced , as market operators can quickly ascertain cross rates between various currencies .
in the foreign exchange market all currencies are quoted against the dollar therefore the number of individual rates are reduced , as market operators can quickly [understand/know] cross rates between various currencies .

Forward premiums are deducted from the existing spot rate whilst forward discounts are added to the spot rate , in order to ascertain the future value of receipts and payments for exporters and importers in their own domestic currencies .
forward premiums are deducted from the existing spot rate whilst forward discounts are added to the spot rate , in order to [understand/know] the future value of receipts and payments for exporters and importers in their own domestic currencies .

The reader should ascertain the degree of foreign bank involvement in his own country .
the reader should [understand/know] the degree of foreign bank involvement in his own country .

To overcome such problems a banker must examine the available financial statistics to ascertain the creditworthiness of the proposed borrower .
to overcome such problems a banker must examine the available financial statistics to [understand/know] the creditworthiness of the proposed borrower .

In circumstances such as this the local historian has perhaps two problems : to attempt to find a feudal or familial association or dependency , and , if the arms are uncoloured , to ascertain if they are those of le Scot , Ridel , Basset , Wrottesley or Bryan , or , indeed , some other line .
in circumstances such as this the local historian has perhaps two problems : to attempt to find a feudal or familial association or dependency , and , if the arms are uncoloured , to [understand/know] if they are those of le scot , ridel , basset , wrottesley or bryan , or , indeed , some other line .

Perhaps death rates will have to suffice until a more serious attempt is made by health care professionals to ascertain the regional variations in disease independently of treatment .
perhaps death rates will have to suffice until a more serious attempt is made by health care professionals to [understand/know] the regional variations in disease independently of treatment .

In May 1855 he was in contact with Hammond and this was followed by frequent consultations with other members of the Office to ascertain their requirements .
in may 1855 he was in contact with hammond and this was followed by frequent consultations with other members of the office to [understand/know] their requirements .

Hall defended the action he had taken and proposed that ‘ during the recess , to look at the designs which had been approved by the judges , and endeavour to ascertain the expense of carrying them out ; but nothing further would be done until the House was informed on that point ’ .
hall defended the action he had taken and proposed that ‘ during the recess , to look at the designs which had been approved by the judges , and endeavour to [understand/know] the expense of carrying them out ; but nothing further would be done until the house was informed on that point ’ .

It asked him to omit the Foreign Secretary 's residence , and although generally to conform to the 1856 conditions , he should ascertain Hammond 's latest requirements and find out if the building could be reduced in size .
it asked him to omit the foreign secretary 's residence , and although generally to conform to the 1856 conditions , he should [understand/know] hammond 's latest requirements and find out if the building could be reduced in size .

Manners instructed Hunt to ascertain the accommodation requirements of the India Office and to examine the possibility of utilizing the land to the east of the Foreign Office site , originally designated for the War Department , for the new Office .
manners instructed hunt to [understand/know] the accommodation requirements of the india office and to examine the possibility of utilizing the land to the east of the foreign office site , originally designated for the war department , for the new office .

The distinction between cafés and bars is sometimes difficult to ascertain , but some of the many excellent cafés in Kraków include : Camelot ( ul .
the distinction between cafés and bars is sometimes difficult to [understand/know] , but some of the many excellent cafés in kraków include : camelot ( ul .

Because of the nature of electronic data , it is sometimes difficult to ascertain whether the data have been altered or manipulated unless the signature is linked to the data in such a way that the signature verification process can detect data changes .
because of the nature of electronic data , it is sometimes difficult to [understand/know] whether the data have been altered or manipulated unless the signature is linked to the data in such a way that the signature verification process can detect data changes .

AUDIT DOCUMENTATION 4.20 An additional standard related to audit documentation for financial audits performed in accordance with GAGAS is : Audit documentation should contain sufficient information to enable an experienced reviewer , who has had no previous connection with the audit , to ascertain from the audit documentation the evidence that supports the auditors ' significant judgments and conclusions .
audit documentation 4.20 an additional standard related to audit documentation for financial audits performed in accordance with gagas is : audit documentation should contain sufficient information to enable an experienced reviewer , who has had no previous connection with the audit , to [understand/know] from the audit documentation the evidence that supports the auditors ' significant judgments and conclusions .

Audit Documentation 6.11 The additional field work standard related to audit documentation for attestation engagements performed in accordance with GAGAS is : Audit documentation should contain sufficient information to enable an experienced reviewer , who has had no previous connection with the attestation engagement , to ascertain from the audit documentation the evidence that supports the auditors ' significant judgments and conclusions .
audit documentation 6.11 the additional field work standard related to audit documentation for attestation engagements performed in accordance with gagas is : audit documentation should contain sufficient information to enable an experienced reviewer , who has had no previous connection with the attestation engagement , to [understand/know] from the audit documentation the evidence that supports the auditors ' significant judgments and conclusions .

Audit documentation should contain sufficient information to enable an experienced reviewer , who has had no previous connection with the audit , to ascertain from the audit documentation the evidence that supports the auditors ' significant judgments and conclusions .
audit documentation should contain sufficient information to enable an experienced reviewer , who has had no previous connection with the audit , to [understand/know] from the audit documentation the evidence that supports the auditors ' significant judgments and conclusions .

However , regardless of how far the acquisition has advanced , at a minimum the auditor should always ascertain whether senior managers and users were involved in the project 's initiation .
however , regardless of how far the acquisition has advanced , at a minimum the auditor should always [understand/know] whether senior managers and users were involved in the project 's initiation .

One part of this assessment should be the review of the Agency Procurement Request ( APR ) to ascertain whether it is complete and accurately reflects the objectives and scope of the project .
one part of this assessment should be the review of the agency procurement request ( apr ) to [understand/know] whether it is complete and accurately reflects the objectives and scope of the project .

Market Survey Attempts to ascertain whether other qualified sources capable of satisfying the government 's requirement exist .
market survey attempts to [understand/know] whether other qualified sources capable of satisfying the government 's requirement exist .

The time required for the effluent-receiving-water mixture to travel to sampling points away from the effluent , and the rate and degree of mixing , may be difficult to ascertain .
the time required for the effluent-receiving-water mixture to travel to sampling points away from the effluent , and the rate and degree of mixing , may be difficult to [understand/know] .

The time required for the effluent-receiving-water mixture to travel to sampling points downstream from the outfall , and the rate and degree of mixing , may be difficult to ascertain .
the time required for the effluent-receiving-water mixture to travel to sampling points downstream from the outfall , and the rate and degree of mixing , may be difficult to [understand/know] .

Concentration-Response Functions We relied on the most recently available , published scientific literature to ascertain the relationship between particulate matter exposure and adverse human health effects .
concentration-response functions we relied on the most recently available , published scientific literature to [understand/know] the relationship between particulate matter exposure and adverse human health effects .

Our inability to ascertain the activities of Hazmi and Mihdhar during their first two weeks in the United States may reflect al Qaeda tradecraft designed to protect the identity of anyone who may have assisted them during that period .
our inability to [understand/know] the activities of hazmi and mihdhar during their first two weeks in the united states may reflect al qaeda tradecraft designed to protect the identity of anyone who may have assisted them during that period .

He redoubled his efforts to ascertain the flight 's altitude .
he redoubled his efforts to [understand/know] the flight 's altitude .

In the succeeding minutes , controllers were attempting to ascertain the altitude of the southbound flight .
in the succeeding minutes , controllers were attempting to [understand/know] the altitude of the southbound flight .

Bucks also lick soil on which does have urinated to ascertain their mating status .
bucks also lick soil on which does have urinated to [understand/know] their mating status .

In addition , the careful analysis of antigen-specific T cell clones , such as that reported here by Lee and colleagues , will be crucial to ascertain the quality of the elicited immune response .
in addition , the careful analysis of antigen-specific t cell clones , such as that reported here by lee and colleagues , will be crucial to [understand/know] the quality of the elicited immune response .

Third , for continuous outcomes , we calculated ( a ) the mean matched difference for twin pairs discordant on adult socioeconomic position , setting the twin with the most socioeconomic resources as the baseline , so as to determine both the magnitude and direction of differences in the outcomes among these pairs , and ( b ) the mean matched absolute difference for twin pairs in each socioeconomic stratum , to ascertain the variability of outcomes among the twin pairs both discordant and concordant on adult socioeconomic position .
third , for continuous outcomes , we calculated ( a ) the mean matched difference for twin pairs discordant on adult socioeconomic position , setting the twin with the most socioeconomic resources as the baseline , so as to determine both the magnitude and direction of differences in the outcomes among these pairs , and ( b ) the mean matched absolute difference for twin pairs in each socioeconomic stratum , to [understand/know] the variability of outcomes among the twin pairs both discordant and concordant on adult socioeconomic position .

The motivation for using such high challenge doses is mostly practical : the experimenter wants to ascertain infection success in unvaccinated/untreated animals , which can then be compared to the hopefully lower infection success in vaccinated/treated animals .
the motivation for using such high challenge doses is mostly practical : the experimenter wants to [understand/know] infection success in unvaccinated/untreated animals , which can then be compared to the hopefully lower infection success in vaccinated/treated animals .

All we can do is ascertain probabilities , which do not definitively prove anything is anywhere. ``
all we can do is [understand/know] probabilities , which do not definitively prove anything is anywhere. ``

After attempting to ascertain whether I was a Clinton spy or worked for Salon magazine ( `` in our view , a front for the Clinton administration '' ) , Klayman told me that `` private investigator types '' working for Clinton have been spotted `` casing '' his office .
after attempting to [understand/know] whether i was a clinton spy or worked for salon magazine ( `` in our view , a front for the clinton administration '' ) , klayman told me that `` private investigator types '' working for clinton have been spotted `` casing '' his office .

The rule cites precedents under which the `` defendants ' right to be tried by impartial jury included [ the ] right to examination designed to ascertain possible prejudices of prospective jurors . ''
the rule cites precedents under which the `` defendants ' right to be tried by impartial jury included [ the ] right to examination designed to [understand/know] possible prejudices of prospective jurors . ''

Whether that meant that he renounced previously held beliefs ( or what exactly those beliefs were in the first place ) is harder to ascertain .
whether that meant that he renounced previously held beliefs ( or what exactly those beliefs were in the first place ) is harder to [understand/know] .

He was reading a great deal , trying to establish his literary ancestry and ascertain precisely the kind of writer he could be .
he was reading a great deal , trying to establish his literary ancestry and [understand/know] precisely the kind of writer he could be .

People often assume that kin-selected altruism is foolproof ; that a gene can magically sense copies of itself in other organisms -- or , at least , can somehow ascertain with perfect accuracy which organisms are close relatives of its own host organism and thus may carry copies of itself .
people often assume that kin-selected altruism is foolproof ; that a gene can magically sense copies of itself in other organisms -- or , at least , can somehow [understand/know] with perfect accuracy which organisms are close relatives of its own host organism and thus may carry copies of itself .

At the same time , you need to ascertain why you want to marry Fred .
at the same time , you need to [understand/know] why you want to marry fred .

There was no real effort to ascertain their motives or the truth of the generalizations they offered .
there was no real effort to [understand/know] their motives or the truth of the generalizations they offered .

Second , a positive effort needed to be made to ascertain the Aboriginal name , and experience showed that the geographical range of Dharuk was extremely limited : the fact that a new set of names came into use as one crossed the boundary of another Aboriginal language must have mitigated against borrowing .
second , a positive effort needed to be made to [understand/know] the aboriginal name , and experience showed that the geographical range of dharuk was extremely limited : the fact that a new set of names came into use as one crossed the boundary of another aboriginal language must have mitigated against borrowing .

The term fit up was , as far as I can ascertain , coined by the novelist G.F. Newman in his story of a bent detective , Sir , You Bastard , but it is the one that has caught on , at the expense of the real police term .
the term fit up was , as far as i can [understand/know] , coined by the novelist g.f. newman in his story of a bent detective , sir , you bastard , but it is the one that has caught on , at the expense of the real police term .

About the nearest American equivalent would be “ meowk , ’ so it would be interesting to ascertain whether Bernese farmers might not have settled in Georgia at some time .
about the nearest american equivalent would be “ meowk , ’ so it would be interesting to [understand/know] whether bernese farmers might not have settled in georgia at some time .

There is also the famous story of the Fukawi Pygmy tribe who frequently got lost in the jungles of Africa ; in order to ascertain their whereabouts , they would stand on another 's shoulders to peer over the long grass , crying , “ Where the Fukawi ? ’
there is also the famous story of the fukawi pygmy tribe who frequently got lost in the jungles of africa ; in order to [understand/know] their whereabouts , they would stand on another 's shoulders to peer over the long grass , crying , “ where the fukawi ? ’

I can not exactly ascertain whether the fact I am about to relate happened before or after her marriage with Mr. Ker , of Morrison -- I rather think it was previous to that event .
i can not exactly [understand/know] whether the fact i am about to relate happened before or after her marriage with mr. ker , of morrison -- i rather think it was previous to that event .

It is not always easy to ascertain whether the underlying metaphor in such expressions is the bow and arrow or the gun and cannon ( see Peter A. Douglas 's “ The Bows ' Stratagem , ” VERBATIM VI,3 ) , but we can be fairly certain that the wad in shooting one 's wad refers to the wad that held the powder and shot in position to be fired from early guns and that the pot in potshot signifies the dinner pot to be filled with an animal that was shot close up without any regard for rules .
it is not always easy to [understand/know] whether the underlying metaphor in such expressions is the bow and arrow or the gun and cannon ( see peter a. douglas 's “ the bows ' stratagem , ” verbatim vi,3 ) , but we can be fairly certain that the wad in shooting one 's wad refers to the wad that held the powder and shot in position to be fired from early guns and that the pot in potshot signifies the dinner pot to be filled with an animal that was shot close up without any regard for rules .

It is hard to ascertain the missing word in the sentence After crash-landing on the planet Zartok , I saw the most enormous -- I had ever seen !
it is hard to [understand/know] the missing word in the sentence after crash-landing on the planet zartok , i saw the most enormous -- i had ever seen !

