If he believes all that he says he does , surely he has nothing to fear from offering the Scottish people a multi-option referendum . He has already taken the trouble to obtain the opinions of a carefully selected group of North Britons ; what then can be his objection to ascertaining what the ordinary Scot in the street thinks ?
if he believes all that he says he does , surely he has nothing to fear from offering the scottish people a multi-option referendum . he has already taken the trouble to obtain the opinions of a carefully selected group of north britons ; what then can be his objection to [understanding/knowing] what the ordinary scot in the street thinks ?

to institute a searching examination by a competent authority of every child in every school to which grants are to be paid with the view of ascertaining whether these indispensable elements of knowledge are thoroughly acquired and to make the prospects and position of the teacher dependent , to a considerable extent , on the results of this examination .
to institute a searching examination by a competent authority of every child in every school to which grants are to be paid with the view of [understanding/knowing] whether these indispensable elements of knowledge are thoroughly acquired and to make the prospects and position of the teacher dependent , to a considerable extent , on the results of this examination .

Asking patients is not the best method of ascertaining problems ; observation is required .
asking patients is not the best method of [understanding/knowing] problems ; observation is required .

In 1712 , for example , Jonathan Swift claimed in his ‘ proposal for Correcting , Improving and Ascertaining the English Tongue ’ , that some sounds ( ‘ hard ’ consonants ) were typical of male speech , others ( vowels and liquids ) of female speech .
in 1712 , for example , jonathan swift claimed in his ‘ proposal for correcting , improving and [understanding/knowing] the english tongue ’ , that some sounds ( ‘ hard ’ consonants ) were typical of male speech , others ( vowels and liquids ) of female speech .

for proceeding to or from a public weighbridge for ascertaining its unladen weight or to or from any place for its registration or inspection by a person acting on behalf of the Secretary of State ;
for proceeding to or from a public weighbridge for [understanding/knowing] its unladen weight or to or from any place for its registration or inspection by a person acting on behalf of the secretary of state ;

‘ After ascertaining that the reproductions had not been printed by the artist herself ’ , he writes , ‘ [ The Copyright Office ] ruled that the printer 's contribution added enough originality to the process to make the reproductions derivative works … and that the copyrights of the reproductions were therefore owned by the printers .
‘ after [understanding/knowing] that the reproductions had not been printed by the artist herself ’ , he writes , ‘ [ the copyright office ] ruled that the printer 's contribution added enough originality to the process to make the reproductions derivative works … and that the copyrights of the reproductions were therefore owned by the printers .

1.6.4 to permit any duly authorized representative of upon reasonable prior notice to enter into any of its premises where the Licensed Software or any materials relating thereto are stored for the purpose of ascertaining that the provisions of this Agreement are being complied with by ;
1.6.4 to permit any duly authorized representative of upon reasonable prior notice to enter into any of its premises where the licensed software or any materials relating thereto are stored for the purpose of [understanding/knowing] that the provisions of this agreement are being complied with by ;

When Parliament legislates to remedy what the majority of its members at the time perceive to be a defect or a lacuna in the existing law ( whether it be the written law enacted by existing statutes or the unwritten common law as it has been expounded by the judges in decided cases ) , the role or the judiciary is confined to ascertaining from the words that Parliament has approved as expressing its intention what that intention was , and to giving effect to it .
when parliament legislates to remedy what the majority of its members at the time perceive to be a defect or a lacuna in the existing law ( whether it be the written law enacted by existing statutes or the unwritten common law as it has been expounded by the judges in decided cases ) , the role or the judiciary is confined to [understanding/knowing] from the words that parliament has approved as expressing its intention what that intention was , and to giving effect to it .

The basis of the method is a three-step process of ascertaining the relationships between : ( a ) visitor rates and distance ; ( b ) visitor rates and cost ; and ( c ) number of visits to the site and an assumed set of admission charges .
the basis of the method is a three-step process of [understanding/knowing] the relationships between : ( a ) visitor rates and distance ; ( b ) visitor rates and cost ; and ( c ) number of visits to the site and an assumed set of admission charges .

This rule has now been relaxed so as to permit reports of commissioners , including law commissioners , and white papers to be looked at for the purpose solely of ascertaining the mischief which the statute is intended to cure but not for the purpose of discovering the meaning of the words used by Parliament to effect such cure : Eastman Photographic Materials Co .
this rule has now been relaxed so as to permit reports of commissioners , including law commissioners , and white papers to be looked at for the purpose solely of [understanding/knowing] the mischief which the statute is intended to cure but not for the purpose of discovering the meaning of the words used by parliament to effect such cure : eastman photographic materials co .

‘ The constitutional function performed by courts of justice as interpreters of the written law laid down in Acts of Parliament is often described as ascertaining ‘ the intention of Parliament ; ’ but what this metaphor , though convenient , omits to take into account is that the court , when acting in its interpretative role , as well as when it is engaged in reviewing the legality of administrative action , is doing so as mediator between the state in the exercise of its legislative power and the private citizen for whom the law made by Parliament constitutes a rule binding upon him and enforceable by the executive power of the state .
‘ the constitutional function performed by courts of justice as interpreters of the written law laid down in acts of parliament is often described as [understanding/knowing] ‘ the intention of parliament ; ’ but what this metaphor , though convenient , omits to take into account is that the court , when acting in its interpretative role , as well as when it is engaged in reviewing the legality of administrative action , is doing so as mediator between the state in the exercise of its legislative power and the private citizen for whom the law made by parliament constitutes a rule binding upon him and enforceable by the executive power of the state .

In such cases , Hansard has frequently been referred to with a view to ascertaining whether a statutory power has been improperly exercised for an alien purpose or in a wholly unreasonable manner .
in such cases , hansard has frequently been referred to with a view to [understanding/knowing] whether a statutory power has been improperly exercised for an alien purpose or in a wholly unreasonable manner .

Disclose the accounting policies that have been applied to stocks and long-term contracts , in particular the method of ascertaining turnover and attributable profit .
disclose the accounting policies that have been applied to stocks and long-term contracts , in particular the method of [understanding/knowing] turnover and attributable profit .

An interesting feature of the case is the judge 's visit to the nightclub for the purpose of ascertaining the possible relevance of the missing tapes .
an interesting feature of the case is the judge 's visit to the nightclub for the purpose of [understanding/knowing] the possible relevance of the missing tapes .

‘ ( 1 ) Where livestock belonging to any person strays on to land in the ownership or occupation of another and — ( a ) damage is done by the livestock to the land or to any property on it which is in the ownership or possession of the other person ; or ( b ) any expenses are reasonably incurred by that other person in keeping the livestock while it can not be restored to the person to whom it belongs or while it is detained in pursuance of section 7 of [ the ] Act , or in ascertaining to whom it belongs ; the person to whom the livestock belongs is liable for the damage or expenses , except as otherwise provided by [ the ] Act . ’
‘ ( 1 ) where livestock belonging to any person strays on to land in the ownership or occupation of another and — ( a ) damage is done by the livestock to the land or to any property on it which is in the ownership or possession of the other person ; or ( b ) any expenses are reasonably incurred by that other person in keeping the livestock while it can not be restored to the person to whom it belongs or while it is detained in pursuance of section 7 of [ the ] act , or in [understanding/knowing] to whom it belongs ; the person to whom the livestock belongs is liable for the damage or expenses , except as otherwise provided by [ the ] act . ’

The problem of defining the extent to which it is necessary to delve into these disciplines is like the problem discussed earlier of ascertaining the boundaries between social policy and other kinds of public policy .
the problem of defining the extent to which it is necessary to delve into these disciplines is like the problem discussed earlier of [understanding/knowing] the boundaries between social policy and other kinds of public policy .

These relationships may be studied with a view to ascertaining whether implementation proceeds in terms of the even-handed justice that Max Weber suggested is , or should be , characteristic of bureaucratic administration .
these relationships may be studied with a view to [understanding/knowing] whether implementation proceeds in terms of the even-handed justice that max weber suggested is , or should be , characteristic of bureaucratic administration .

The investigation was hampered by difficulties in ascertaining cases , particularly for children who had died .
the investigation was hampered by difficulties in [understanding/knowing] cases , particularly for children who had died .

Naturally the judges ' tariff is not writ in stone ; it may and does change over time , so that sentences passed in 1900 are of little or no value in ascertaining the tariff in 1992 .
naturally the judges ' tariff is not writ in stone ; it may and does change over time , so that sentences passed in 1900 are of little or no value in [understanding/knowing] the tariff in 1992 .

When a discretionary life sentence is passed , for an offence other than murder because of the danger to the public from the convicted person , there is no undue difficulty in ascertaining the determinate sentence which would otherwise be appropriate according to the judges ' tariff .
when a discretionary life sentence is passed , for an offence other than murder because of the danger to the public from the convicted person , there is no undue difficulty in [understanding/knowing] the determinate sentence which would otherwise be appropriate according to the judges ' tariff .

To my mind , the answer to the question depends on ascertaining in the context of the Act as a whole what is the administration referred to .
to my mind , the answer to the question depends on [understanding/knowing] in the context of the act as a whole what is the administration referred to .

Ascertaining what a company 's order-winning criteria are should , it seems , be primarily a marketing task , although , depending upon the nature of the product and industry , there may also be a significant role for manufacturing-development engineers .
[understanding/knowing] what a company 's order-winning criteria are should , it seems , be primarily a marketing task , although , depending upon the nature of the product and industry , there may also be a significant role for manufacturing-development engineers .

Part of the explanation lies in the greater liquidity of the second-hand market for residential dwellings ; corporate assets are more difficult to resell because of difficulties in ascertaining quality .
part of the explanation lies in the greater liquidity of the second-hand market for residential dwellings ; corporate assets are more difficult to resell because of difficulties in [understanding/knowing] quality .

There is , of course , some difficulty in ascertaining how much of the chemical weathering of a rock is due to its contact with the sea , as it is quite possible that rocks , subjected to severe chemical weathering on the land may , by movements of base level , be brought to sea level .
there is , of course , some difficulty in [understanding/knowing] how much of the chemical weathering of a rock is due to its contact with the sea , as it is quite possible that rocks , subjected to severe chemical weathering on the land may , by movements of base level , be brought to sea level .

Unfortunately , the same can not be said of British primary legislation , where ascertaining the date of commencement can be a substantial problem .
unfortunately , the same can not be said of british primary legislation , where [understanding/knowing] the date of commencement can be a substantial problem .

5.8.1.1 to enter upon the Premises for the purpose of ascertaining that the covenants and conditions of this Lease have been observed and performed
5.8.1.1 to enter upon the premises for the purpose of [understanding/knowing] that the covenants and conditions of this lease have been observed and performed

5.8.1.1 to enter upon the Premises for the purpose of ascertaining that the covenants and conditions of this Lease have been observed and performed
5.8.1.1 to enter upon the premises for the purpose of [understanding/knowing] that the covenants and conditions of this lease have been observed and performed

Enquiries before contract are a method of ascertaining as much practical information as possible from the seller about the property to be bought .
enquiries before contract are a method of [understanding/knowing] as much practical information as possible from the seller about the property to be bought .

Third , a court might give some recognition to the public law nature of regulatory rules by taking account of the rule in ascertaining the precise content of the fiduciary obligation .
third , a court might give some recognition to the public law nature of regulatory rules by taking account of the rule in [understanding/knowing] the precise content of the fiduciary obligation .

The ascertaining of benefits under s740 is the subject of much difficulty .
the [understanding/knowing] of benefits under s740 is the subject of much difficulty .

Lucas maintains that , in an economy in which all nominal prices are rising , workers face a twofold ‘ signal extraction ’ problem ( see Sheffrin , 1983 ) : ( a ) ascertaining whether the real supply price of labour is changing when all other prices are in a state of flux ; ( b ) evaluating the temporary and permanent components of a change in real wages which , in the light of ( a ) , may accompany across the board changes in prices .
lucas maintains that , in an economy in which all nominal prices are rising , workers face a twofold ‘ signal extraction ’ problem ( see sheffrin , 1983 ) : ( a ) [understanding/knowing] whether the real supply price of labour is changing when all other prices are in a state of flux ; ( b ) evaluating the temporary and permanent components of a change in real wages which , in the light of ( a ) , may accompany across the board changes in prices .

Where applications are made on notice : ( a ) notice is to be served on the opposite party and filed in the court not less than two days before the hearing , unless the court gives leave for short notice ; and ( b ) the party making the application is responsible for ascertaining that the court will be available to hear the application and that sufficient time will be available .
where applications are made on notice : ( a ) notice is to be served on the opposite party and filed in the court not less than two days before the hearing , unless the court gives leave for short notice ; and ( b ) the party making the application is responsible for [understanding/knowing] that the court will be available to hear the application and that sufficient time will be available .

Section 33(3) requires the court to have regard to all the circumstances of the case and in particular to : ( a ) the length of , and the reasons for , the delay on the part of the plaintiff ; ( b ) the extent to which , having regard to the delay , the evidence adduced or likely to be adduced by the plaintiff or the defendant is or is likely to be less cogent than if the action had been brought within the time allowed by s11 or ( as the case may be ) by s12 ; ( c ) the conduct of the defendant after the cause of action arose , including the extent ( if any ) to which he responded to requests reasonably made by the plaintiff for information or inspection for the purpose of ascertaining facts which were or might be relevant to the plaintiff 's cause of action against the defendant ; ( d ) the duration of any disability of the plaintiff arising after the date of the accrual of the cause of action ; ( e ) the extent to which the plaintiff acted promptly and reasonably once he knew whether or not the act or omission of the defendant , to which the injury was attributable , might be capable at that time of giving rise to an action for damages ; ( f ) the steps , if any , taken by the plaintiff to obtain medical , legal or other expert advice and the nature of any such advice he may have received .
section 33(3) requires the court to have regard to all the circumstances of the case and in particular to : ( a ) the length of , and the reasons for , the delay on the part of the plaintiff ; ( b ) the extent to which , having regard to the delay , the evidence adduced or likely to be adduced by the plaintiff or the defendant is or is likely to be less cogent than if the action had been brought within the time allowed by s11 or ( as the case may be ) by s12 ; ( c ) the conduct of the defendant after the cause of action arose , including the extent ( if any ) to which he responded to requests reasonably made by the plaintiff for information or inspection for the purpose of [understanding/knowing] facts which were or might be relevant to the plaintiff 's cause of action against the defendant ; ( d ) the duration of any disability of the plaintiff arising after the date of the accrual of the cause of action ; ( e ) the extent to which the plaintiff acted promptly and reasonably once he knew whether or not the act or omission of the defendant , to which the injury was attributable , might be capable at that time of giving rise to an action for damages ; ( f ) the steps , if any , taken by the plaintiff to obtain medical , legal or other expert advice and the nature of any such advice he may have received .

( 2 ) In case of a dissolution of the partnership , whether as respects all the partners or as respects the assigning partner , the assignee is entitled to receive the share of the partnership assets to which the assigning partner is entitled as between himself and the other partners , and , for the purpose of ascertaining that share , to an account as from the date of the dissolution .
( 2 ) in case of a dissolution of the partnership , whether as respects all the partners or as respects the assigning partner , the assignee is entitled to receive the share of the partnership assets to which the assigning partner is entitled as between himself and the other partners , and , for the purpose of [understanding/knowing] that share , to an account as from the date of the dissolution .

Now comes the second step , the act of measurement itself , the ascertaining where the electron is or how it is moving .
now comes the second step , the act of measurement itself , the [understanding/knowing] where the electron is or how it is moving .

Expert opinion of independent official valuers must be obtained for ascertaining the value of the asset in question .
expert opinion of independent official valuers must be obtained for [understanding/knowing] the value of the asset in question .

The information that the pupil responses give the teacher is often surprising and considerable and certainly extremely helpful in ascertaining the depth of knowledge and understanding the children have reached .
the information that the pupil responses give the teacher is often surprising and considerable and certainly extremely helpful in [understanding/knowing] the depth of knowledge and understanding the children have reached .

Consultation with Korean democratic parties and public organisations are an important means of ascertaining the opinion of the Korean people on the question of the formation of the Korean provisional democratic Government , and therefore the Soviet delegation attaches great importance to the consultations .
consultation with korean democratic parties and public organisations are an important means of [understanding/knowing] the opinion of the korean people on the question of the formation of the korean provisional democratic government , and therefore the soviet delegation attaches great importance to the consultations .

If the latter were true , random sampling of the normal mucosa would be less reliable as a means of ascertaining risk .
if the latter were true , random sampling of the normal mucosa would be less reliable as a means of [understanding/knowing] risk .

If a child has been made the subject of a supervision requirement following a referral to a children 's hearing on an offence ground , and that supervision requirement has been terminated and the child reappears before another children 's hearing , the main factors that the later hearing will need to consider to perform their statutory functions are why the child appeared before a children 's hearing , the reasons for that hearing 's disposal and , most particularly , the child 's response to the disposal ; in short , a children 's hearing would want to know the very things section 4 appears to prevent it ascertaining .
if a child has been made the subject of a supervision requirement following a referral to a children 's hearing on an offence ground , and that supervision requirement has been terminated and the child reappears before another children 's hearing , the main factors that the later hearing will need to consider to perform their statutory functions are why the child appeared before a children 's hearing , the reasons for that hearing 's disposal and , most particularly , the child 's response to the disposal ; in short , a children 's hearing would want to know the very things section 4 appears to prevent it [understanding/knowing] .

Once an offer can be identified there is not usually any difficulty in ascertaining whether it has been accepted .
once an offer can be identified there is not usually any difficulty in [understanding/knowing] whether it has been accepted .

It might appear from section 8 ( 2 ) that , if no price is agreed and there is no method of ascertaining it , a reasonable price is automatically payable .
it might appear from section 8 ( 2 ) that , if no price is agreed and there is no method of [understanding/knowing] it , a reasonable price is automatically payable .

‘ Unless a different intention appears , the following are rules for ascertaining the intention of the parties as to the time at which the property in the goods is to pass to the buyer . ’
‘ unless a different intention appears , the following are rules for [understanding/knowing] the intention of the parties as to the time at which the property in the goods is to pass to the buyer . ’

‘ Rule 3 : Where there is a contract for the sale of specific goods in a deliverable state , but the seller is bound to weigh , measure , test or do some other act or thing with reference to the goods for the purpose of ascertaining the price , the property does not pass until the act or thing is done and the buyer has notice that it has been done . ’
‘ rule 3 : where there is a contract for the sale of specific goods in a deliverable state , but the seller is bound to weigh , measure , test or do some other act or thing with reference to the goods for the purpose of [understanding/knowing] the price , the property does not pass until the act or thing is done and the buyer has notice that it has been done . ’

In either case it is only a way of ascertaining what is the scope of the representation .
in either case it is only a way of [understanding/knowing] what is the scope of the representation .

Employers would be prohibited from conducting a medical examination of any employment applicant , except for the single purpose of ascertaining ability to perform job-related functions .
employers would be prohibited from conducting a medical examination of any employment applicant , except for the single purpose of [understanding/knowing] ability to perform job-related functions .

Resort to logic does not seem to help in ascertaining the distinction .
resort to logic does not seem to help in [understanding/knowing] the distinction .

In a study of citation analysis and scientific productivity , Lawani suggested that the techniques of citation analysis would be particularly appropriate in ascertaining the relative quality of the productivity of large groups , and much less in judging individuals .
in a study of citation analysis and scientific productivity , lawani suggested that the techniques of citation analysis would be particularly appropriate in [understanding/knowing] the relative quality of the productivity of large groups , and much less in judging individuals .

Earlier in the month there had been official denials of allegations of a coup plan which had been reportedly made on Nov. 5 in Washington by Eduardo Molina Olivares , a member of the independent Truth Commission charged under the peace process with ascertaining responsibility for human rights abuses .
earlier in the month there had been official denials of allegations of a coup plan which had been reportedly made on nov. 5 in washington by eduardo molina olivares , a member of the independent truth commission charged under the peace process with [understanding/knowing] responsibility for human rights abuses .

The list had been drawn up and presented to Cristiani by the independent Truth Commission , with responsibility under the peace agreement for ascertaining who was responsible for human rights violations during the civil war ( 1980-1991 ) .
the list had been drawn up and presented to cristiani by the independent truth commission , with responsibility under the peace agreement for [understanding/knowing] who was responsible for human rights violations during the civil war ( 1980-1991 ) .

If a simple test … is desired for ascertaining into which category a covenant falls , it is suggested that the proper inquiry should be whether the covenant affects either the landlord qua landlord or the tenant qua tenant .
if a simple test … is desired for [understanding/knowing] into which category a covenant falls , it is suggested that the proper inquiry should be whether the covenant affects either the landlord qua landlord or the tenant qua tenant .

( For the rules of inheritance for ascertaining the heir , see pp .
( for the rules of inheritance for [understanding/knowing] the heir , see pp .

These problems rank well ahead of other difficulties such as handling export paperwork , obtaining market information and ascertaining product suitability in foreign markets .
these problems rank well ahead of other difficulties such as handling export paperwork , obtaining market information and [understanding/knowing] product suitability in foreign markets .

For example , in ascertaining the image of a book on a distant plane , he adopted a procedure familiar to artists for almost a century .
for example , in [understanding/knowing] the image of a book on a distant plane , he adopted a procedure familiar to artists for almost a century .

The specimens you were so good as to send to me by Captain Lyon would have been a treasure had they arrived safe ; but his ship was taken by the French , so those were all lost , which is a great misfortune at this time , when they would have been of great service to me , in ascertaining the names of some plants which remain doubtful .
the specimens you were so good as to send to me by captain lyon would have been a treasure had they arrived safe ; but his ship was taken by the french , so those were all lost , which is a great misfortune at this time , when they would have been of great service to me , in [understanding/knowing] the names of some plants which remain doubtful .

The institutions in question may not insist on receiving results of assessments ascertaining the pupil 's educational achievements though there is nothing to stop the parent passing it on .
the institutions in question may not insist on receiving results of assessments [understanding/knowing] the pupil 's educational achievements though there is nothing to stop the parent passing it on .

Schools were urged to recognise the importance of ascertaining pupils ' views both generally and more specifically in relation to the development of a behaviour policy by the school , and to instil a sense of ‘ belonging ’ amongst pupils .
schools were urged to recognise the importance of [understanding/knowing] pupils ' views both generally and more specifically in relation to the development of a behaviour policy by the school , and to instil a sense of ‘ belonging ’ amongst pupils .

Lord Denning expressed the view that , in any event , in ascertaining where the base was , the contract terms were often of little help and ‘ you have to go by the conduct of the parties and the way they have been operating the contract ’ .
lord denning expressed the view that , in any event , in [understanding/knowing] where the base was , the contract terms were often of little help and ‘ you have to go by the conduct of the parties and the way they have been operating the contract ’ .

Nor does the statutory postponement apply for the purpose of ascertaining whether you have made a complaint to an industrial tribunal within the requisite time limit .
nor does the statutory postponement apply for the purpose of [understanding/knowing] whether you have made a complaint to an industrial tribunal within the requisite time limit .

It may therefore be worth ascertaining whether payment for such services can be included as part of the package .
it may therefore be worth [understanding/knowing] whether payment for such services can be included as part of the package .

He notes that : ‘ the Institution was built in a Quadrangle Form , having now in the centre a large lawn or grass plot surrounded by posts and chains , and that between the Buildings and these a broad Pathway had been left , partly paved with stones … used chiefly for testing the freedom from lameness of Horses sent for examination prior to purchase ; as well as for ascertaining the progress of those under treatment in the Infirmary for lameness arising from various causes .
he notes that : ‘ the institution was built in a quadrangle form , having now in the centre a large lawn or grass plot surrounded by posts and chains , and that between the buildings and these a broad pathway had been left , partly paved with stones … used chiefly for testing the freedom from lameness of horses sent for examination prior to purchase ; as well as for [understanding/knowing] the progress of those under treatment in the infirmary for lameness arising from various causes .

Students were also interviewed with the aim of ascertaining their feelings about , and approaches to , their studies ; and later interviews were held with some students and teaching staff to provide further information about the study habits and attitudes of this age group and to investigate the study demands that are made .
students were also interviewed with the aim of [understanding/knowing] their feelings about , and approaches to , their studies ; and later interviews were held with some students and teaching staff to provide further information about the study habits and attitudes of this age group and to investigate the study demands that are made .

These range from determining exactly where in Europe the lord of an English medieval manor was at a certain date ( for the more senior magnates were often crusaders , pilgrims , legates and diplomatists ) to ascertaining precisely when an eighteenth-century trading agreement with a French merchant was concluded .
these range from determining exactly where in europe the lord of an english medieval manor was at a certain date ( for the more senior magnates were often crusaders , pilgrims , legates and diplomatists ) to [understanding/knowing] precisely when an eighteenth-century trading agreement with a french merchant was concluded .

This led Popper to believe that there was something fallacious in the proofs , thought adequate for ascertaining truth .
this led popper to believe that there was something fallacious in the proofs , thought adequate for [understanding/knowing] truth .

If specific information comes to the auditors ' attention that provides evidence concerning the existence of possible noncompliance that could affect financial data significant to the audit objectives or that could have a material indirect effect on the financial statements , auditors should apply audit procedures specifically directed to ascertaining whether noncompliance has occurred or is likely to have occurred .
if specific information comes to the auditors ' attention that provides evidence concerning the existence of possible noncompliance that could affect financial data significant to the audit objectives or that could have a material indirect effect on the financial statements , auditors should apply audit procedures specifically directed to [understanding/knowing] whether noncompliance has occurred or is likely to have occurred .

If specific information comes to the auditors ' attention that provides evidence concerning the existence of possible noncompliance that could have a material indirect effect on the financial statements or significant indirect effect on other financial data need to achieve audit objectives , auditors should apply audit procedures specifically directed to ascertaining whether that noncompliance has occurred or is likely to have occurred .
if specific information comes to the auditors ' attention that provides evidence concerning the existence of possible noncompliance that could have a material indirect effect on the financial statements or significant indirect effect on other financial data need to achieve audit objectives , auditors should apply audit procedures specifically directed to [understanding/knowing] whether that noncompliance has occurred or is likely to have occurred .

For ascertaining building systems ' status from building personnel , see FDNY interview 4 , Chief ( Jan. 8 , 2004 ) ; PANYNJ interview 13 ( Nov. 20 , 2003 ) ; FDNY interview 15 , Chief ( Jan. 14 , 2004 ) .
for [understanding/knowing] building systems ' status from building personnel , see fdny interview 4 , chief ( jan. 8 , 2004 ) ; panynj interview 13 ( nov. 20 , 2003 ) ; fdny interview 15 , chief ( jan. 14 , 2004 ) .

While Serb forces prevented foreign journalists from ascertaining the fate of ethnic Albanians inside Kosovo , American leftists held up images of Serb civilian casualties as proof that the bombing was wrong and must be stopped .
while serb forces prevented foreign journalists from [understanding/knowing] the fate of ethnic albanians inside kosovo , american leftists held up images of serb civilian casualties as proof that the bombing was wrong and must be stopped .

By confining their inferences to such `` impressions , '' the media sidestep the unpleasant duty of ascertaining the truth .
by confining their inferences to such `` impressions , '' the media sidestep the unpleasant duty of [understanding/knowing] the truth .

