`` The committee continues to feel that Florida has progressed in a sound and equitable program at both the state and local levels in its efforts to review and assess transition problems as they arise from time to time in the entire spectrum of civil rights '' .
`` the committee continues to feel that florida has progressed in a sound and equitable program at both the state and local levels in its efforts to review and [evaluate] transition problems as they arise from time to time in the entire spectrum of civil rights '' .

What effort do you make to assess results of your program ? ?
what effort do you make to [evaluate] results of your program ? ?

If he is not told which of four or five readings was meant for him , he can more readily assess each item in a larger frame : `` Does that statement really sound as if it were for me , significant in my particular life ? ?
if he is not told which of four or five readings was meant for him , he can more readily [evaluate] each item in a larger frame : `` does that statement really sound as if it were for me , significant in my particular life ? ?

We had stopped before a shop window to assess its autumnal display , when you suddenly turned to me , looking up from beneath one of your wrong hats , and with your nervous `` ahem '' ! !
we had stopped before a shop window to [evaluate] its autumnal display , when you suddenly turned to me , looking up from beneath one of your wrong hats , and with your nervous `` ahem '' ! !

It is difficult to tabulate exactly what was meant in each individual situation , but the conclusion may be drawn that 21 towns do not assess movable personal property , and of the remainder only certain types are valued for tax purposes .
it is difficult to tabulate exactly what was meant in each individual situation , but the conclusion may be drawn that 21 towns do not [evaluate] movable personal property , and of the remainder only certain types are valued for tax purposes .

So few answered the question relating to their efforts to assess movable property that the results are inconclusive .
so few answered the question relating to their efforts to [evaluate] movable property that the results are inconclusive .

Because of the case , of going to court to claim compensation for James , we had to have neuroligists to come and look at James and assess him for thes claim and they have said that James is not in a persistent vegetative state .
because of the case , of going to court to claim compensation for james , we had to have neuroligists to come and look at james and [evaluate] him for thes claim and they have said that james is not in a persistent vegetative state .

But the education secretary says they 're needed to assess a pupil 's ability .
but the education secretary says they 're needed to [evaluate] a pupil 's ability .

Insurers who used to assess their premiums every year , are now having to reassess them every six months and in some cases every four .
insurers who used to [evaluate] their premiums every year , are now having to reassess them every six months and in some cases every four .

Well , we already do that at the moment , trying to assess a myriad of individual benefits with people filling up forms and sending them all over the country .
well , we already do that at the moment , trying to [evaluate] a myriad of individual benefits with people filling up forms and sending them all over the country .

Because there 's been a dramatic increase in traffic in recent years we need to assess the impact on the river 's special environment . There are sometimes conflicts of interest , like the obvious one between navigation and angling
because there 's been a dramatic increase in traffic in recent years we need to [evaluate] the impact on the river 's special environment . there are sometimes conflicts of interest , like the obvious one between navigation and angling

First into Sarajevo tomorrow will be a consultant paediatrican who 'll assess the needs of the 20 children to be brought out … He does n't think Irma will prove typical .
first into sarajevo tomorrow will be a consultant paediatrican who 'll [evaluate] the needs of the 20 children to be brought out … he does n't think irma will prove typical .

The most accurate way to assess an individual 's temperament is by observing his expressions and behaviour . Some of the most significant clues at first glance are :
the most accurate way to [evaluate] an individual 's temperament is by observing his expressions and behaviour . some of the most significant clues at first glance are :

what did you get in the , in the table assess yesterday ?
what did you get in the , in the table [evaluate] yesterday ?

what did you get in the table assess yesterday ?
what did you get in the table [evaluate] yesterday ?

what did you get in the table assess yesterday ?
what did you get in the table [evaluate] yesterday ?

table assess twenty eight , erm twenty eight , eighteen
table [evaluate] twenty eight , erm twenty eight , eighteen

Assess like that
[evaluate] like that

So so if they can assess my partner on .
so so if they can [evaluate] my partner on .

British Rail engineers visited the site at Wylam Hill , near Thompson Street East , yesterday to assess repair work .
british rail engineers visited the site at wylam hill , near thompson street east , yesterday to [evaluate] repair work .

The formal investigation is into possibly unlawful failures by the region to assess properly the intelligence of children who speak English poorly and are judged to have learning difficulties .
the formal investigation is into possibly unlawful failures by the region to [evaluate] properly the intelligence of children who speak english poorly and are judged to have learning difficulties .

Another source said a study would assess the viability of the pit and the qualities of those operating it separately . ‘ There is no doubt about the quality of the coal , but two questions need to be answered — can it be brought out at a price which allows a profit and can the consortium attract the investment required to run the place ? ’
another source said a study would [evaluate] the viability of the pit and the qualities of those operating it separately . ‘ there is no doubt about the quality of the coal , but two questions need to be answered — can it be brought out at a price which allows a profit and can the consortium attract the investment required to run the place ? ’

It has not been possible to assess the state of their health , but fishermen have advised marine biologists that the area contains very little food .
it has not been possible to [evaluate] the state of their health , but fishermen have advised marine biologists that the area contains very little food .

Downing Street yesterday refused to dismiss the possibility , although the Government may assess the impact of the white paper before deciding on whether to proceed .
downing street yesterday refused to dismiss the possibility , although the government may [evaluate] the impact of the white paper before deciding on whether to proceed .

Consider a range of development options and assess their viability and impact ;
consider a range of development options and [evaluate] their viability and impact ;

He announced a review of ‘ underlying issues ’ , including the current powers of public authorities , and said that would be followed by consideration of how to treat and assess contaminated land .
he announced a review of ‘ underlying issues ’ , including the current powers of public authorities , and said that would be followed by consideration of how to treat and [evaluate] contaminated land .

The aim of the survey was to assess the preparations for the new tax being made by the 12 levying authorities — nine regional and three islands councils .
the aim of the survey was to [evaluate] the preparations for the new tax being made by the 12 levying authorities — nine regional and three islands councils .

But before operations began to assess the prospects , the multinational giant exercised an option to lower its stake to 20 per cent , leaving British Petroleum as the operating partner to shoulder the rest of the costs .
but before operations began to [evaluate] the prospects , the multinational giant exercised an option to lower its stake to 20 per cent , leaving british petroleum as the operating partner to shoulder the rest of the costs .

Those would assess if they would be among the winners and losers from the reform of a tax system which Mr Lamont said was starting to appear increasingly anachronistic .
those would [evaluate] if they would be among the winners and losers from the reform of a tax system which mr lamont said was starting to appear increasingly anachronistic .

These are the figures of disposable income which is arrived at after deduction of the various allowances which can be made against income to assess whether someone is financially eligible .
these are the figures of disposable income which is arrived at after deduction of the various allowances which can be made against income to [evaluate] whether someone is financially eligible .

Computers have been working overtime at corporate headquarters since last Tuesday 's announcement in an attempt to assess the impact on individual project and company cash flow .
computers have been working overtime at corporate headquarters since last tuesday 's announcement in an attempt to [evaluate] the impact on individual project and company cash flow .

Responding to criticism on the lack of energy policy which led to the fiasco over pit closure proposals last year , the Government said competitive markets ensured the best assess to secure , diverse and sustainable prices of energy at the best prices .
responding to criticism on the lack of energy policy which led to the fiasco over pit closure proposals last year , the government said competitive markets ensured the best [evaluate] to secure , diverse and sustainable prices of energy at the best prices .

The vacancy was left when the team were announced last week so the selectors could assess the fitness of Brian Robinson , of London Irish .
the vacancy was left when the team were announced last week so the selectors could [evaluate] the fitness of brian robinson , of london irish .

Instead of being at Ibrox to watch Scotland play Malta in their World Cup qualifying tie , McGrain was in a deserted Commonwealth Stadium in Edinburgh to see Arbroath reserves play Meadowbank , so he could assess four triallists .
instead of being at ibrox to watch scotland play malta in their world cup qualifying tie , mcgrain was in a deserted commonwealth stadium in edinburgh to see arbroath reserves play meadowbank , so he could [evaluate] four triallists .

After spending the night at home with their families , the pair had to begin a day of tests at 7:15 at the Army Personnel Research Establishment at Farnborough , Hampshire , to assess the impact on their bodies of their arduous trek .
after spending the night at home with their families , the pair had to begin a day of tests at 7:15 at the army personnel research establishment at farnborough , hampshire , to [evaluate] the impact on their bodies of their arduous trek .

‘ It is difficult to assess how a change of manager will affect Darlington .
‘ it is difficult to [evaluate] how a change of manager will affect darlington .

You are given a much needed breathing space to sit back and assess what progress you 've made so far in life and where you 're likely to go from here .
you are given a much needed breathing space to sit back and [evaluate] what progress you 've made so far in life and where you 're likely to go from here .

GPs currently assess whether people are incapable of carrying out their job and therefore able to claim benefit .
gps currently [evaluate] whether people are incapable of carrying out their job and therefore able to claim benefit .

It is expected , in its first year , to assess more than 1,500 patients .
it is expected , in its first year , to [evaluate] more than 1,500 patients .

But on hearing of the situation in Llandudno they decided to assess the situation for themselves .
but on hearing of the situation in llandudno they decided to [evaluate] the situation for themselves .

We also need to assess the financial viability of our further training days — in particular — the London fees and the Trainer/Participant ratio of Regional training .
we also need to [evaluate] the financial viability of our further training days — in particular — the london fees and the trainer/participant ratio of regional training .

The impact on the private sector — the real test — is harder to assess .
the impact on the private sector — the real test — is harder to [evaluate] .

So we shall briefly stand back and assess its significance .
so we shall briefly stand back and [evaluate] its significance .

Ballater was trying to assess the situation objectively .
ballater was trying to [evaluate] the situation objectively .

Initial sound pressure monitoring would first have to be carried out to assess the ‘ noise climate ’ along the route , said Michael Kennedy , principal environmental health officer .
initial sound pressure monitoring would first have to be carried out to [evaluate] the ‘ noise climate ’ along the route , said michael kennedy , principal environmental health officer .

‘ We carefully assess our use of intensive care beds and over the last 12 months we have been a little concerned that , at times , they were full , ’ said Mr Murray .
‘ we carefully [evaluate] our use of intensive care beds and over the last 12 months we have been a little concerned that , at times , they were full , ’ said mr murray .

South Tees Health Authority has agreed to fund the scheme for one more year to assess how it integrates with the work of other agencies .
south tees health authority has agreed to fund the scheme for one more year to [evaluate] how it integrates with the work of other agencies .

Those wishing to improve their image or presentational skills can assess their performance on video in a simulated bank interview or product presentation .
those wishing to improve their image or presentational skills can [evaluate] their performance on video in a simulated bank interview or product presentation .

FLOOD-damaged Llandudno General Hospital reopens this morning as management continue to assess the full cost of the disaster .
flood-damaged llandudno general hospital reopens this morning as management continue to [evaluate] the full cost of the disaster .

The objection is that secrecy makes it very difficult to assess the value of a deal and therefore to judge the true state of the market .
the objection is that secrecy makes it very difficult to [evaluate] the value of a deal and therefore to judge the true state of the market .

And when rent reviews are due it can be almost impossible to assess what tenants should be paying .
and when rent reviews are due it can be almost impossible to [evaluate] what tenants should be paying .

Some of the injured had to be transferred to Middlesbrough General Hospital because no scanner was available at Darlington to assess the extent of their head injuries .
some of the injured had to be transferred to middlesbrough general hospital because no scanner was available at darlington to [evaluate] the extent of their head injuries .

He agreed to take part in a Liverpool Polytechnic experiment to assess the effect of stress on referees , by monitoring the heartbeat and pulse , taking other factors such as fitness into account .
he agreed to take part in a liverpool polytechnic experiment to [evaluate] the effect of stress on referees , by monitoring the heartbeat and pulse , taking other factors such as fitness into account .

This letter , and 22 more pages of background material , suggested tough new medical tests to assess how many people should qualify for the benefit .
this letter , and 22 more pages of background material , suggested tough new medical tests to [evaluate] how many people should qualify for the benefit .

Our expert tasters , the million cuppa men — they 've all drunk a million cups of tea — go up the northbound carriageway and down the south and assess all on their qualities .
our expert tasters , the million cuppa men — they 've all drunk a million cups of tea — go up the northbound carriageway and down the south and [evaluate] all on their qualities .

Thames Valley Police say the trials are as much to gauge public reaction to the batons as to assess their usefulness to officers .
thames valley police say the trials are as much to gauge public reaction to the batons as to [evaluate] their usefulness to officers .

Then we asked former Royal Philharmonic musician and Oxford University lecturer Jeremy Montagu to assess them .
then we asked former royal philharmonic musician and oxford university lecturer jeremy montagu to [evaluate] them .

we have people who know a lot about the subject , and others who are bringing in their own items for us to assess
we have people who know a lot about the subject , and others who are bringing in their own items for us to [evaluate]

They have had time , unlike the situation in 1971 , to assess how much damage has been done , in a material and spiritual sense , by these shadowy paramilitaries who can never be brought before a court .
they have had time , unlike the situation in 1971 , to [evaluate] how much damage has been done , in a material and spiritual sense , by these shadowy paramilitaries who can never be brought before a court .

With the Insurance Corporation League beginning in a fortnight 's time , Instonians , like most senior outfits , are experimenting on the opening day of the season to quickly assess their strengths and weaknesses .
with the insurance corporation league beginning in a fortnight 's time , instonians , like most senior outfits , are experimenting on the opening day of the season to quickly [evaluate] their strengths and weaknesses .

‘ In Northern Ireland now we now have junior Kyu grades used to assess black belt kata .
‘ in northern ireland now we now have junior kyu grades used to [evaluate] black belt kata .

They are asked to visit one of the 17 windfarms operating in England and Wales and assess whether they enhance or disturb the beauty of the countryside .
they are asked to visit one of the 17 windfarms operating in england and wales and [evaluate] whether they enhance or disturb the beauty of the countryside .

It 's too early to assess the full extent of the damage .
it 's too early to [evaluate] the full extent of the damage .

Aims are to provide an opportunity for industry and the University to meet , and assess each other 's needs , and for industry to find out what we are doing .
aims are to provide an opportunity for industry and the university to meet , and [evaluate] each other 's needs , and for industry to find out what we are doing .

Local parents should discuss the possibilities with the head of their child 's school , and if possible get the child referred to the psychologist , who will assess the child for intelligence .
local parents should discuss the possibilities with the head of their child 's school , and if possible get the child referred to the psychologist , who will [evaluate] the child for intelligence .

Although we 're working er all the time to keep security as tight as we can at the John Radcliffe , er the scheme is going to give us the ability to challenge members of staff , legitimate members of staff , as we currently do , er and they will then have to provide , produce the card , er so we can then assess whether they are or are not a member of staff .
although we 're working er all the time to keep security as tight as we can at the john radcliffe , er the scheme is going to give us the ability to challenge members of staff , legitimate members of staff , as we currently do , er and they will then have to provide , produce the card , er so we can then [evaluate] whether they are or are not a member of staff .

Yes , yes , ‘ No comment because we 're still collecting information , because we 've got a lot of information already in , but we 've got to assess it because we do n't want to give out any false , you know false new .
yes , yes , ‘ no comment because we 're still collecting information , because we 've got a lot of information already in , but we 've got to [evaluate] it because we do n't want to give out any false , you know false new .

What are your priorities when you try to assess someone in that period of time .
what are your priorities when you try to [evaluate] someone in that period of time .

The one before this one , co-incidentally , was a very broad one , which was an attempt at assessing the results of Five , which of course took place in Manila in May/June , and right after that , with the participation of some of the people who had been , in Five we tried to assess what impact , if any , their conference is going to make for the future of the world economic system .
the one before this one , co-incidentally , was a very broad one , which was an attempt at assessing the results of five , which of course took place in manila in may/june , and right after that , with the participation of some of the people who had been , in five we tried to [evaluate] what impact , if any , their conference is going to make for the future of the world economic system .

They huddled together on the gallops to watch and assess today 's runners .
they huddled together on the gallops to watch and [evaluate] today 's runners .

And Her Majesty was in the parade ring to assess the runners and riders for the big race , the Queen Mother Champion Steeplechase .
and her majesty was in the parade ring to [evaluate] the runners and riders for the big race , the queen mother champion steeplechase .

After the Dambusters raid on the Mona and Ida dams the photo- reconnaissance pilots were despatched to the dangerous airspace above them to assess the success of the mission .
after the dambusters raid on the mona and ida dams the photo- reconnaissance pilots were despatched to the dangerous airspace above them to [evaluate] the success of the mission .

An investigation to assess the accuracy of this impression ( which is based on only a small sample of requests ) should , however , be conducted before any steps are taken to reorganise the delivery of such items at lunchtime .
an investigation to [evaluate] the accuracy of this impression ( which is based on only a small sample of requests ) should , however , be conducted before any steps are taken to reorganise the delivery of such items at lunchtime .

Both the other candidates have been feverishly trying to assess what damage he has caused them .
both the other candidates have been feverishly trying to [evaluate] what damage he has caused them .

The British Polymer Training Association educated employees on how to assess progress .
the british polymer training association educated employees on how to [evaluate] progress .

There are also more customers who now define standards themselves and assess suppliers against them .
there are also more customers who now define standards themselves and [evaluate] suppliers against them .

Strathdee 's report for Centrepoint showed that over half the 32 London boroughs she researched had no procedures in place to assess homeless young people despite the statutory obligation placed on them under Section 20 of the Children Act .
strathdee 's report for centrepoint showed that over half the 32 london boroughs she researched had no procedures in place to [evaluate] homeless young people despite the statutory obligation placed on them under section 20 of the children act .

Judicious negotiators will at this stage look to the future to assess likely changes in the balance of power .
judicious negotiators will at this stage look to the future to [evaluate] likely changes in the balance of power .

The discussion continues , with you attempting to assess his staff 's requirements as regards photocopying facilities and his attitude towards the Clearprint machine .
the discussion continues , with you attempting to [evaluate] his staff 's requirements as regards photocopying facilities and his attitude towards the clearprint machine .

They are not as ‘ standard ’ as products and are thus more difficult to assess ( in terms of value ) .
they are not as ‘ standard ’ as products and are thus more difficult to [evaluate] ( in terms of value ) .

Assess suitability of existing material for European markets ;
[evaluate] suitability of existing material for european markets ;

assess differences in national media availability and costs ;
[evaluate] differences in national media availability and costs ;

At four o'clock each evening the team at the Grid Control Centre has to assess how much gas the entire region will use the following day .
at four o'clock each evening the team at the grid control centre has to [evaluate] how much gas the entire region will use the following day .

It is always difficult to properly assess a signature model and remain 100 % objective in the process .
it is always difficult to properly [evaluate] a signature model and remain 100 % objective in the process .

Guitars rarely give of their best when new — acoustic ones especially so — and the reviewer is constantly faced with the slightly off-putting scenario of having to assess potential , while simultaneously breaking instruments in .
guitars rarely give of their best when new — acoustic ones especially so — and the reviewer is constantly faced with the slightly off-putting scenario of having to [evaluate] potential , while simultaneously breaking instruments in .

Try to assess your progress daily in this way .
try to [evaluate] your progress daily in this way .

There is , however , remedial treatment that can be undertaken to assess more closely , or even cure the condition .
there is , however , remedial treatment that can be undertaken to [evaluate] more closely , or even cure the condition .

In Nigeria , it was the Resident 's task , not the emir 's , to assess the people for taxes and to see that the tax was collected .
in nigeria , it was the resident 's task , not the emir 's , to [evaluate] the people for taxes and to see that the tax was collected .

It is difficult to assess the significance of the various negotiations which went on between the British and the Indians during the early stages of the war .
it is difficult to [evaluate] the significance of the various negotiations which went on between the british and the indians during the early stages of the war .

An aid can be very helpful in the monitoring of speech and voice and in helping to assess the amount of background noise .
an aid can be very helpful in the monitoring of speech and voice and in helping to [evaluate] the amount of background noise .

While the filter is maturing , take a look at your remaining fish and assess their condition .
while the filter is maturing , take a look at your remaining fish and [evaluate] their condition .

When the site is accessible , deliveries are organised and Open Christmas food co-ordinator Paul Thomas and his team assess the quantities available and how much is needed to supplement any shortfall .
when the site is accessible , deliveries are organised and open christmas food co-ordinator paul thomas and his team [evaluate] the quantities available and how much is needed to supplement any shortfall .

We shall continue to assess recipes every month to enable you to plan your diet for good health .
we shall continue to [evaluate] recipes every month to enable you to plan your diet for good health .

Hold the glass at an angle to assess the colour .
hold the glass at an angle to [evaluate] the colour .

To assess , realistically , how much fibre a particular food is likely to contribute to a daily menu , it is important to estimate what quantity of that particular food you are likely to eat .
to [evaluate] , realistically , how much fibre a particular food is likely to contribute to a daily menu , it is important to estimate what quantity of that particular food you are likely to eat .

What effects disturbances on the spiritual plane may have on our mental , emotional or physical well-being are more difficult to assess but it is not impossible that our view of ourselves as machines , with a denial of any spiritual aspect and a consequent loss of meaning in our lives , may be one cause of much of the unhappiness and frustration seen today with results as different as vandalism and cancer — aspects of destruction at one level or another .
what effects disturbances on the spiritual plane may have on our mental , emotional or physical well-being are more difficult to [evaluate] but it is not impossible that our view of ourselves as machines , with a denial of any spiritual aspect and a consequent loss of meaning in our lives , may be one cause of much of the unhappiness and frustration seen today with results as different as vandalism and cancer — aspects of destruction at one level or another .

It is quite another thing to assess how out of balance the individual is and how to set about restoring the balance .
it is quite another thing to [evaluate] how out of balance the individual is and how to set about restoring the balance .

They are intended for those who like to probe into the whys and wherefores of things or who like to assess fully the credentials of a subject before they give it serious consideration .
they are intended for those who like to probe into the whys and wherefores of things or who like to [evaluate] fully the credentials of a subject before they give it serious consideration .

Although homoeopathy has been practised for nearly two hundred years in many countries of the world , very little work has been performed in the way of well-conducted clinical trials to prove and assess its efficacy .
although homoeopathy has been practised for nearly two hundred years in many countries of the world , very little work has been performed in the way of well-conducted clinical trials to prove and [evaluate] its efficacy .

In conventional trials set up to to assess the efficacy of a new drug , the drug is given to a group of patients suffering from a particular illness , and the effects are compared with those obtained in a matched group of patients given a dummy ( or placebo ) drug .
in conventional trials set up to to [evaluate] the efficacy of a new drug , the drug is given to a group of patients suffering from a particular illness , and the effects are compared with those obtained in a matched group of patients given a dummy ( or placebo ) drug .

Early on in the running of the clinic it had been found that treatment with house dust 200 alone was less effective and less long-lasting if the avoidance programme was not also undertaken , but it was not possible , from the nature of the study , to assess what proportion of the benefit was attributable to each measure .
early on in the running of the clinic it had been found that treatment with house dust 200 alone was less effective and less long-lasting if the avoidance programme was not also undertaken , but it was not possible , from the nature of the study , to [evaluate] what proportion of the benefit was attributable to each measure .

But we will need 24 hours to assess it .
but we will need 24 hours to [evaluate] it .

‘ The Commission would have to assess whether the evidence compiled by the Daily Mirror could have been used to obtain a conviction in criminal proceedings .
‘ the commission would have to [evaluate] whether the evidence compiled by the daily mirror could have been used to obtain a conviction in criminal proceedings .

Are they designed to assess levels of intellectual ability , or do they have an ulterior motive in seeking to shine a light on a suitable psyche ?
are they designed to [evaluate] levels of intellectual ability , or do they have an ulterior motive in seeking to shine a light on a suitable psyche ?

Doctors are expected to assess medical needs ; nurses are themselves expert at assessing nursing need , or to put it another way , at assessing the need for nursing aspects of care .
doctors are expected to [evaluate] medical needs ; nurses are themselves expert at assessing nursing need , or to put it another way , at assessing the need for nursing aspects of care .

The ability to assess , plan , implement and evaluate care , whatever your area of clinical expertise , will become a large part of your role as a qualified nurse .
the ability to [evaluate] , plan , implement and evaluate care , whatever your area of clinical expertise , will become a large part of your role as a qualified nurse .

If you want to go back to basics and try to assess the sort of person you are , and the kind of working environment best suited to you , then there are a number of exercises you can do with an honest friend .
if you want to go back to basics and try to [evaluate] the sort of person you are , and the kind of working environment best suited to you , then there are a number of exercises you can do with an honest friend .

Even if you work only a small number of hours , you still need to review and assess your progress on a regular basis .
even if you work only a small number of hours , you still need to review and [evaluate] your progress on a regular basis .

Whatever your length of time away from the bedside , however , the Code of Conduct enables us to make sense of accountability , and to assess its relevance to the settings in which we work .
whatever your length of time away from the bedside , however , the code of conduct enables us to make sense of accountability , and to [evaluate] its relevance to the settings in which we work .

The ability to identify and assess problems , and to understand their effects and limitations on patients can not be learned passively and by rote , if only because no two people respond to the same problem in exactly the same way .
the ability to identify and [evaluate] problems , and to understand their effects and limitations on patients can not be learned passively and by rote , if only because no two people respond to the same problem in exactly the same way .

The type of rucksack you need will depend entirely on what you want to do with it so it 's essential to assess your requirements carefully before you buy .
the type of rucksack you need will depend entirely on what you want to do with it so it 's essential to [evaluate] your requirements carefully before you buy .

The results presented are not detailed enough to assess the success of the method .
the results presented are not detailed enough to [evaluate] the success of the method .

The ruling executive wanted a decision postponed to assess a review of benefits and taxation .
the ruling executive wanted a decision postponed to [evaluate] a review of benefits and taxation .

In trying to assess reactions to company relocation in terms of which staff will move , the following factors need to be taken into account :
in trying to [evaluate] reactions to company relocation in terms of which staff will move , the following factors need to be taken into account :

Why take the trouble of trying to assess from mobility predictions who will move and who wo n't ?
why take the trouble of trying to [evaluate] from mobility predictions who will move and who wo n't ?

Many firms pay for an employee ( and spouse ) to visit the new area to assess its suitability .
many firms pay for an employee ( and spouse ) to visit the new area to [evaluate] its suitability .

So that employees can truly assess the new country , some firms pay for short ‘ look-see ’ visits so that the executive and spouse can judge for themselves , first-hand , as to whether they should accept the transfer .
so that employees can truly [evaluate] the new country , some firms pay for short ‘ look-see ’ visits so that the executive and spouse can judge for themselves , first-hand , as to whether they should accept the transfer .

Employers may employ their own valuers to determine house prices in different areas to assess payments under an excess mortgage allowance scheme .
employers may employ their own valuers to determine house prices in different areas to [evaluate] payments under an excess mortgage allowance scheme .

An interview overseas could be linked with a visit by the employee and spouse who thus have the opportunity to assess first-hand whether they wish to accept the posting .
an interview overseas could be linked with a visit by the employee and spouse who thus have the opportunity to [evaluate] first-hand whether they wish to accept the posting .

By viewing properties before bringing household goods to Britain , the expatriate and family can assess accurately which items should be shipped over and which should be left behind .
by viewing properties before bringing household goods to britain , the expatriate and family can [evaluate] accurately which items should be shipped over and which should be left behind .

Important though these changes in the nature of the tax resistance movement are , however , perhaps it would be a mistake to view them as an isolated phenomenon , and to try to assess their moral and legal implications without also addressing some even more fundamental contemporary political , economic and social developments with which they are closely associated .
important though these changes in the nature of the tax resistance movement are , however , perhaps it would be a mistake to view them as an isolated phenomenon , and to try to [evaluate] their moral and legal implications without also addressing some even more fundamental contemporary political , economic and social developments with which they are closely associated .

The purpose of this interview will be to assess the elderly person 's financial needs , the income she has from all sources , and her capital ( if any ) , and to establish whether she is entitled to receive a supplementary pension or allowance .
the purpose of this interview will be to [evaluate] the elderly person 's financial needs , the income she has from all sources , and her capital ( if any ) , and to establish whether she is entitled to receive a supplementary pension or allowance .

Because metering would be such a major change , trials are underway to assess the likely benefits and costs .
because metering would be such a major change , trials are underway to [evaluate] the likely benefits and costs .

To assess the damage , strip off the existing paint .
to [evaluate] the damage , strip off the existing paint .

He pulled on the refrigerator door , which opened with a slight squeak , and crouched down behind it to assess the produce on the brightly-lit shelves .
he pulled on the refrigerator door , which opened with a slight squeak , and crouched down behind it to [evaluate] the produce on the brightly-lit shelves .

’ With a swish of kimono , Toby glided out of the room , leaving Jackson to assess his surroundings more closely .
’ with a swish of kimono , toby glided out of the room , leaving jackson to [evaluate] his surroundings more closely .

The high costs were one of the justifications for the creation of a Government Working Party on Woonerven in 1984 , with a brief to assess the operation of Woonerven some seven years after the first legislation .
the high costs were one of the justifications for the creation of a government working party on woonerven in 1984 , with a brief to [evaluate] the operation of woonerven some seven years after the first legislation .

In responding to a particular colour we associate the hue with some past experience and draw upon our cultural background to assess its nature .
in responding to a particular colour we associate the hue with some past experience and draw upon our cultural background to [evaluate] its nature .

Additionally , as with any exhibition , you need to assess carefully the implications of having a large amount of your work restricted to a single display venue for a period of time .
additionally , as with any exhibition , you need to [evaluate] carefully the implications of having a large amount of your work restricted to a single display venue for a period of time .

Lastly , we can employ standardized tests , scales and measures , such as those that assess intelligence , commitment or stress .
lastly , we can employ standardized tests , scales and measures , such as those that [evaluate] intelligence , commitment or stress .

David Finkelhor ( Finkelhor , 1986 ; Finkelhor and Baron , 1986 ) has reviewed a variety of American surveys of adults in order to assess the information provided about the relative risk of people from different backgrounds experiencing sexual abuse during childhood .
david finkelhor ( finkelhor , 1986 ; finkelhor and baron , 1986 ) has reviewed a variety of american surveys of adults in order to [evaluate] the information provided about the relative risk of people from different backgrounds experiencing sexual abuse during childhood .

Kolko ( 1987 ) notes that : ‘ Many programs do not incorporate standardized instruments to assess those variables purported to change following treatment , and only rarely include needed control or comparison groups and statistical analyses to evaluate program impact ’ ( p.313 ) .
kolko ( 1987 ) notes that : ‘ many programs do not incorporate standardized instruments to [evaluate] those variables purported to change following treatment , and only rarely include needed control or comparison groups and statistical analyses to evaluate program impact ’ ( p.313 ) .

One attempt to assess the performance of publicly owned industries presents a picture of an average rate of growth of productivity per man very similar to private manufacture but , within that , very wide variations between a high for British Gas and a low for the National Coal Board .
one attempt to [evaluate] the performance of publicly owned industries presents a picture of an average rate of growth of productivity per man very similar to private manufacture but , within that , very wide variations between a high for british gas and a low for the national coal board .

The influence of wages is more difficult to assess because cause and effect are entangled with one another .
the influence of wages is more difficult to [evaluate] because cause and effect are entangled with one another .

The purist will point out that every aircraft accident results from human error of some kind ; even the most complex technical failure has its origin in the work of a designer , manufacturer or maintenance engineer somewhere , and so-called ‘ acts of God ’ such as structural failure in extreme turbulence beyond the limits of airworthiness criteria are no more than failures of airworthiness engineers to assess the limits correctly .
the purist will point out that every aircraft accident results from human error of some kind ; even the most complex technical failure has its origin in the work of a designer , manufacturer or maintenance engineer somewhere , and so-called ‘ acts of god ’ such as structural failure in extreme turbulence beyond the limits of airworthiness criteria are no more than failures of airworthiness engineers to [evaluate] the limits correctly .

• assess how much assess control is needed
• [evaluate] how much [evaluate] control is needed

At your request , we will assess your energy needs and recommend or design a specific solution to meet your precise requirements .
at your request , we will [evaluate] your energy needs and recommend or design a specific solution to meet your precise requirements .

The studies on which these theories are based , incidentally , have involved the use of test procedures that make it possible to assess the relative contribution of the two hemispheres to psychological performance , usually on tasks that demand the processing of linguistic information .
the studies on which these theories are based , incidentally , have involved the use of test procedures that make it possible to [evaluate] the relative contribution of the two hemispheres to psychological performance , usually on tasks that demand the processing of linguistic information .

One of their tasks at the workshop will be to assess media education resources used on other continents and to select those that are relevant for Africa .
one of their tasks at the workshop will be to [evaluate] media education resources used on other continents and to select those that are relevant for africa .

Follow up geophysical work has been done at selected sites to assess what water resources are actually present .
follow up geophysical work has been done at selected sites to [evaluate] what water resources are actually present .

At a consultation you will be able to assess for yourself the excellent facilities that we have been able to develop ( with the assistance of the Area Health Authority ) specifically for patients seeking improvement through cosmetic surgery .
at a consultation you will be able to [evaluate] for yourself the excellent facilities that we have been able to develop ( with the assistance of the area health authority ) specifically for patients seeking improvement through cosmetic surgery .

If to that we add both the structured dependency which was earlier described , in which social policies and practices discriminate against them in matters crucial to their well-being ( such as housing , income and transport ) , and the personal indignities of physical and social dependence , we must surely put at the top of our agenda for care a determination to assess realistically , yet sensitively , what is the best balance that can be achieved in the present circumstances of that old person .
if to that we add both the structured dependency which was earlier described , in which social policies and practices discriminate against them in matters crucial to their well-being ( such as housing , income and transport ) , and the personal indignities of physical and social dependence , we must surely put at the top of our agenda for care a determination to [evaluate] realistically , yet sensitively , what is the best balance that can be achieved in the present circumstances of that old person .

In carrying out its duty to consider and assess the needs of a vulnerable elderly person , the local authority should :
in carrying out its duty to consider and [evaluate] the needs of a vulnerable elderly person , the local authority should :

consider and take into account the wishes expressed by the elderly person and assess that person 's needs ;
consider and take into account the wishes expressed by the elderly person and [evaluate] that person 's needs ;

assess the need of the carer for support and help in the tasks being carried out on behalf of the vulnerable elderly person and in providing care ;
[evaluate] the need of the carer for support and help in the tasks being carried out on behalf of the vulnerable elderly person and in providing care ;

Such understanding is necessary , not simply to assess realistically what can and can not be expected of such informal care , but also to develop the formal sector of care in a way which takes account of the prevailing norms of a given area .
such understanding is necessary , not simply to [evaluate] realistically what can and can not be expected of such informal care , but also to develop the formal sector of care in a way which takes account of the prevailing norms of a given area .

Desires experienced at the level of practical consciousness are sometimes hard to assess because they are welded to the objects making up habitual routines .
desires experienced at the level of practical consciousness are sometimes hard to [evaluate] because they are welded to the objects making up habitual routines .

The works of Bowlby ( 1979 ) and Marris ( 1974 ) offer the basis for a model of attachment that can be used to assess elders affirmatively .
the works of bowlby ( 1979 ) and marris ( 1974 ) offer the basis for a model of attachment that can be used to [evaluate] elders affirmatively .

The nursing staff largely assess , plan and implement physical care : they give intellectual and emotional care on a personalised , ad hoc basis .
the nursing staff largely [evaluate] , plan and implement physical care : they give intellectual and emotional care on a personalised , ad hoc basis .

Orem 's model of nursing was chosen to assess how clients could be assisted with universal self-care demands .
orem 's model of nursing was chosen to [evaluate] how clients could be assisted with universal self-care demands .

Such treatment is , however , useful in order to assess , treat and dress ulcers which require more specialised forms of diagnosis , treatment and review .
such treatment is , however , useful in order to [evaluate] , treat and dress ulcers which require more specialised forms of diagnosis , treatment and review .

Now assess how much of your life is devoted to each list . Does this reflect how ‘ alive ’ or ‘ dead ’ you feel ? How might you begin to change the balance so that you feel more and more energised ?
now [evaluate] how much of your life is devoted to each list . does this reflect how ‘ alive ’ or ‘ dead ’ you feel ? how might you begin to change the balance so that you feel more and more energised ?

Runnymede fails to assess the mechanisms through which competing elements in the Islamic establishment claim to represent their constituencies .
runnymede fails to [evaluate] the mechanisms through which competing elements in the islamic establishment claim to represent their constituencies .

The problem is that the abysmal ignorance of science in Britain , especially among the educated classes , leads to a complete inability to assess developments .
the problem is that the abysmal ignorance of science in britain , especially among the educated classes , leads to a complete inability to [evaluate] developments .

( Well , you can assess the situation while you 're walking . )
( well , you can [evaluate] the situation while you 're walking . )

( You can assess the situation on the drive home ) .
( you can [evaluate] the situation on the drive home ) .

To assess the amount of memory this will take , multiply 35 by 2 ( remember that three- and four-colour designs take up double the memory of two colour designs ) ; the result is 70 .
to [evaluate] the amount of memory this will take , multiply 35 by 2 ( remember that three- and four-colour designs take up double the memory of two colour designs ) ; the result is 70 .

Which was a comforting comment from her , he ventured to assess .
which was a comforting comment from her , he ventured to [evaluate] .

They had time to assess the composition and probable loyalties of the force gathered there in the riverside haugh next morning , before the Earl Patrick would see them .
they had time to [evaluate] the composition and probable loyalties of the force gathered there in the riverside haugh next morning , before the earl patrick would see them .

These will enable you to assess for yourself what your strengths and weaknesses are , as well as the areas in which you might like to consider working in the future .
these will enable you to [evaluate] for yourself what your strengths and weaknesses are , as well as the areas in which you might like to consider working in the future .

Here 's a chance for you to assess how well you talk in relationships .
here 's a chance for you to [evaluate] how well you talk in relationships .

He had a confused impression of coming into the dining room while the man was there and hearing him rather grudgingly assess the value of the glass cabinet .
he had a confused impression of coming into the dining room while the man was there and hearing him rather grudgingly [evaluate] the value of the glass cabinet .

Indian restaurants are among the most beloved and patronised of all Britain 's many ethnic establishments . So it behoves the healthy eater to assess the Indian menu for the best options , since chances are circumstances , friends and hunger will take him or her there sooner rather than later !
indian restaurants are among the most beloved and patronised of all britain 's many ethnic establishments . so it behoves the healthy eater to [evaluate] the indian menu for the best options , since chances are circumstances , friends and hunger will take him or her there sooner rather than later !

We assess and evaluate a person on an initial first impression — this includes their whole body image .
we [evaluate] and evaluate a person on an initial first impression — this includes their whole body image .

Assess your skin type and be advised by the following good counsel :
[evaluate] your skin type and be advised by the following good counsel :

They assess the growth of the health and leisure market as follows :
they [evaluate] the growth of the health and leisure market as follows :

This said , it is still possible to assess proposed solutions on a common-sense basis .
this said , it is still possible to [evaluate] proposed solutions on a common-sense basis .

The advantage of the telephone is that it is a two-way communication which gives you the chance to assess at first hand ( or ear ) why your account is not being paid .
the advantage of the telephone is that it is a two-way communication which gives you the chance to [evaluate] at first hand ( or ear ) why your account is not being paid .

There was no need to leave now ; he could stay and talk the matter out He took a few moments to arrange his thoughts , make a few educated guesses and assess the full extent of the plot which had been built around him .
there was no need to leave now ; he could stay and talk the matter out he took a few moments to arrange his thoughts , make a few educated guesses and [evaluate] the full extent of the plot which had been built around him .

But there were also tiny towns that ranked as boroughs , like Steyning ( population about 300 ) and East Grinstead , which , though much smaller , was privileged to assess its own taxes ( see Table 2.5 ) .
but there were also tiny towns that ranked as boroughs , like steyning ( population about 300 ) and east grinstead , which , though much smaller , was privileged to [evaluate] its own taxes ( see table 2.5 ) .

Even more difficult to assess is the extent to which and in what ways religion might be important to people .
even more difficult to [evaluate] is the extent to which and in what ways religion might be important to people .

One aim of this chapter is to assess the impact of feminism on political sociology ‘ twenty years on ’ and to look at the difficulties confronting those who wish to do work on women .
one aim of this chapter is to [evaluate] the impact of feminism on political sociology ‘ twenty years on ’ and to look at the difficulties confronting those who wish to do work on women .

Although they receive notification from education of the intention to assess a child , they are uncertain of their role , and so , with other pressing priorities , they tend not to give it high priority .
although they receive notification from education of the intention to [evaluate] a child , they are uncertain of their role , and so , with other pressing priorities , they tend not to give it high priority .

Assess your likely savings including the lump sum from your pension and any insurance policies you may have .
[evaluate] your likely savings including the lump sum from your pension and any insurance policies you may have .

Also , dreary though the suggestion sounds , if economies look like being the order of the day , two-car families might assess whether , come retirement when perhaps husband and wife will be doing more things together , two cars are really such an essential as before .
also , dreary though the suggestion sounds , if economies look like being the order of the day , two-car families might [evaluate] whether , come retirement when perhaps husband and wife will be doing more things together , two cars are really such an essential as before .

The downturn is too recent to assess from the point of view of recruiting , but it may make people more cautious about moving to the City .
the downturn is too recent to [evaluate] from the point of view of recruiting , but it may make people more cautious about moving to the city .

We also judge work performance by the quality of the product ( in so far as we can assess this ) and by the work style of the performer .
we also judge work performance by the quality of the product ( in so far as we can [evaluate] this ) and by the work style of the performer .

Yet it is also important to recognise the limitations on this collective monopoly of power and to assess the degree to which differentiation within the collectivity may affect the locus of that power .
yet it is also important to recognise the limitations on this collective monopoly of power and to [evaluate] the degree to which differentiation within the collectivity may affect the locus of that power .

It would seem that the simplest way of approaching this question is to remove part of the brain and assess the changes in behaviour that are produced .
it would seem that the simplest way of approaching this question is to remove part of the brain and [evaluate] the changes in behaviour that are produced .

We can assess roughly the impact of Freud 's teaching and doctrine on the academic and clinical mind , but it is an immense task to document the slow , informal irrigation of society at large by new ideas .
we can [evaluate] roughly the impact of freud 's teaching and doctrine on the academic and clinical mind , but it is an immense task to document the slow , informal irrigation of society at large by new ideas .

Mass literacy has meant , in most countries , a mass press whose output is enormous in bulk and difficult to assess .
mass literacy has meant , in most countries , a mass press whose output is enormous in bulk and difficult to [evaluate] .

Protestantism 's strength and influence at the end of the nineteenth century is even harder to assess than that of Roman Catholicism , because of its diversity .
protestantism 's strength and influence at the end of the nineteenth century is even harder to [evaluate] than that of roman catholicism , because of its diversity .

Russian interests are harder to assess .
russian interests are harder to [evaluate] .

And since absolute holism can be used , in Althusser 's view , to explain a wide range of phenomena — to explain how societies are organised and maintained and how they change — his theory provides an opportunity to assess both the character of his approach and its scope .
and since absolute holism can be used , in althusser 's view , to explain a wide range of phenomena — to explain how societies are organised and maintained and how they change — his theory provides an opportunity to [evaluate] both the character of his approach and its scope .

His account is therefore by far the most ambitious and the most insightful of its kind , and is of singular value as an instantiation of , and a means to assess , absolute holism .
his account is therefore by far the most ambitious and the most insightful of its kind , and is of singular value as an instantiation of , and a means to [evaluate] , absolute holism .

Whether it is possible to assess Althusser 's view of the individual subject without implicitly reinstating it , remains to be seen .
whether it is possible to [evaluate] althusser 's view of the individual subject without implicitly reinstating it , remains to be seen .

But calculation , in the ordinary sense , requires individuals to assess , judge , choose and decide .
but calculation , in the ordinary sense , requires individuals to [evaluate] , judge , choose and decide .

In contrast , where calculations are carried out to assess the comparative importance of differences in reproductive success versus survival for each sex , only variation in mate number may be included ( see Wade & Arnold , 1980 ) — though measures of the intensity of sexual selection as conceived by Darwin should also include variation due to differences in mate quality , which may be an important cause of variation in lifetime breeding success both among males and females in monogamous species .
in contrast , where calculations are carried out to [evaluate] the comparative importance of differences in reproductive success versus survival for each sex , only variation in mate number may be included ( see wade & arnold , 1980 ) — though measures of the intensity of sexual selection as conceived by darwin should also include variation due to differences in mate quality , which may be an important cause of variation in lifetime breeding success both among males and females in monogamous species .

Briefly Jaq entertained the notion that he was being tested by some Hidden Master of his secret order who had instructed Baal Firenze to send him to Stalinvast to assess whether Jaq possessed supreme courage and insight — enough for him to become a Hidden Master himself .
briefly jaq entertained the notion that he was being tested by some hidden master of his secret order who had instructed baal firenze to send him to stalinvast to [evaluate] whether jaq possessed supreme courage and insight — enough for him to become a hidden master himself .

Unless we are clear about these , in the case of human beings , and then of the grounds for proceeding to apply them to animals , we will be ill-prepared to assess the claim of the scientist or other trained observer that a segment of observed animal behaviour is thoughtful , or intentional , or hopeful , or self-conscious .
unless we are clear about these , in the case of human beings , and then of the grounds for proceeding to apply them to animals , we will be ill-prepared to [evaluate] the claim of the scientist or other trained observer that a segment of observed animal behaviour is thoughtful , or intentional , or hopeful , or self-conscious .

It has been far more difficult however , despite the film technology , to assess the extent to which the gestures are used naturally yet significantly in the more taxing contexts of play and what some researchers call ‘ free living ’ .
it has been far more difficult however , despite the film technology , to [evaluate] the extent to which the gestures are used naturally yet significantly in the more taxing contexts of play and what some researchers call ‘ free living ’ .

Think about your reaction to these questions and pause for a moment , before you continue reading , to assess your response .
think about your reaction to these questions and pause for a moment , before you continue reading , to [evaluate] your response .

While climbers were not involved in the accident , climbing was suspended until a geological survey of the site could be made to assess its future suitability for climbing .
while climbers were not involved in the accident , climbing was suspended until a geological survey of the site could be made to [evaluate] its future suitability for climbing .

We in the armed forces are privileged to be able to use an ideal environment to assess leadership potential and the ability to work as a team .
we in the armed forces are privileged to be able to use an ideal environment to [evaluate] leadership potential and the ability to work as a team .

Following two or three circuits to assess conditions , the first pilot to land throttled back , lowered the undercarriage and performed a perfect landing .
following two or three circuits to [evaluate] conditions , the first pilot to land throttled back , lowered the undercarriage and performed a perfect landing .

assess the emotional functioning of the family
[evaluate] the emotional functioning of the family

The therapist needs to find out how often the problems are occurring and how extreme the behaviour is in order to assess the severity of the problem .
the therapist needs to find out how often the problems are occurring and how extreme the behaviour is in order to [evaluate] the severity of the problem .

Why assess language ?
why [evaluate] language ?

It may be possible to target specific phonemes to assess articulation but the child 's performance is likely to be somewhat better than during spontaneous speech .
it may be possible to target specific phonemes to [evaluate] articulation but the child 's performance is likely to be somewhat better than during spontaneous speech .

Checklists are seldom employed to assess phonological skills , but are much more frequently applied to grammatical and functional language abilities which may be relatively difficult to elicit during a formal assessment session .
checklists are seldom employed to [evaluate] phonological skills , but are much more frequently applied to grammatical and functional language abilities which may be relatively difficult to elicit during a formal assessment session .

The test was designed to assess children 's production of consonants as they appear in English words . This indicated the need to consider consonant production in the following contexts :
the test was designed to [evaluate] children 's production of consonants as they appear in english words . this indicated the need to consider consonant production in the following contexts :

Since the test requires a knowledge of single words , but sets out to assess syntactical knowledge independently of vocabulary , a separate list of the words used is included .
since the test requires a knowledge of single words , but sets out to [evaluate] syntactical knowledge independently of vocabulary , a separate list of the words used is included .

’ After the age of 5 years it is suggested that language increasingly becomes a tool for higher intellectual functions and therefore is difficult to assess independently of other cognitive processes .
’ after the age of 5 years it is suggested that language increasingly becomes a tool for higher intellectual functions and therefore is difficult to [evaluate] independently of other cognitive processes .

While it may be agreed that the different subtests assess different aspects of linguistic functioning , there is considerable controversy concerning whether this is a complete or representative set of subtests , and whether they do in fact tap the processes described by Osgood ( 1957a , 1957b ) .
while it may be agreed that the different subtests [evaluate] different aspects of linguistic functioning , there is considerable controversy concerning whether this is a complete or representative set of subtests , and whether they do in fact tap the processes described by osgood ( 1957a , 1957b ) .

infer the thoughts and feelings which men would have in a particular situation if they were able to assess both it and the interests arising from it in their impact on immediate action and the whole structure of society .
infer the thoughts and feelings which men would have in a particular situation if they were able to [evaluate] both it and the interests arising from it in their impact on immediate action and the whole structure of society .

The next stage is an important one in your ability to evaluate , assess and improve your own work .
the next stage is an important one in your ability to evaluate , [evaluate] and improve your own work .

She said she knew of no other way to assess the value of a piece .
she said she knew of no other way to [evaluate] the value of a piece .

We tend to assess people through what they say and the way they say it , to come to conclusions about whether we will like someone from the way they present themselves in words .
we tend to [evaluate] people through what they say and the way they say it , to come to conclusions about whether we will like someone from the way they present themselves in words .

He reported that women , when asked by the researcher to assess the standardness of their own speech , tended to overestimate their use of prestige forms ( he checked their assessments against taped samples of their actual talk ) .
he reported that women , when asked by the researcher to [evaluate] the standardness of their own speech , tended to overestimate their use of prestige forms ( he checked their assessments against taped samples of their actual talk ) .

It was hoped that more would be done by legislation to impose on local authorities a duty to consider , assess and intervene ‘ Where there are elderly people in need of some support or advice in order to prevent or postpone personal or social deterioration or breakdown — necessitating their removal to institutional care ’ ( Age Concern , 1986 , p. 128 ) .
it was hoped that more would be done by legislation to impose on local authorities a duty to consider , [evaluate] and intervene ‘ where there are elderly people in need of some support or advice in order to prevent or postpone personal or social deterioration or breakdown — necessitating their removal to institutional care ’ ( age concern , 1986 , p. 128 ) .

They will counsel officers with psychological problems , assess potential health risks in stations and promote fitness and hygiene .
they will counsel officers with psychological problems , [evaluate] potential health risks in stations and promote fitness and hygiene .

Orders already on the books will be met while the Isle of Man-based receivers assess the state of the business .
orders already on the books will be met while the isle of man-based receivers [evaluate] the state of the business .

The actual concentration of an industry is hard to assess precisely and there are many different measures of it ( eg if we say that the five firm concentration ratio is 85 per cent , this means that the largest five firms in the industry control 85 per cent of the market ; a two firm concentration ratio of 100 per cent indicates that two firms completely dominate the market ) .
the actual concentration of an industry is hard to [evaluate] precisely and there are many different measures of it ( eg if we say that the five firm concentration ratio is 85 per cent , this means that the largest five firms in the industry control 85 per cent of the market ; a two firm concentration ratio of 100 per cent indicates that two firms completely dominate the market ) .

Whether or not these criticisms of inefficiency are valid is extremely difficult to assess , and the situation is complicated by repeated political interference by governments of both parties in the pricing , investment and employment decisions of nationalised industries , thereby concealing their real performance .
whether or not these criticisms of inefficiency are valid is extremely difficult to [evaluate] , and the situation is complicated by repeated political interference by governments of both parties in the pricing , investment and employment decisions of nationalised industries , thereby concealing their real performance .

When taken with the latitude allowed by the instruction to ‘ operate in the public interest ’ , it is easy to see that , with such imprecise targets , it was bound to be extremely difficult to assess the performance of nationalised industries .
when taken with the latitude allowed by the instruction to ‘ operate in the public interest ’ , it is easy to see that , with such imprecise targets , it was bound to be extremely difficult to [evaluate] the performance of nationalised industries .

The most serious difficulty faced when trying to assess the extent of poverty in any society is to find a clear definition which is easily understood and universally accepted .
the most serious difficulty faced when trying to [evaluate] the extent of poverty in any society is to find a clear definition which is easily understood and universally accepted .

This represents an attempt to assess a level of income below which it is impossible to ensure survival .
this represents an attempt to [evaluate] a level of income below which it is impossible to ensure survival .

There are many different measures which could be chosen when trying to assess whether the North-South divide has widened . We shall consider three :
there are many different measures which could be chosen when trying to [evaluate] whether the north-south divide has widened . we shall consider three :

Bruch contrasts this fortunate majority with both the anorexic and the obese person , neither of whom knows how to gauge the state of her own stomach or assess what is a reasonable requirement of food for her own bodily needs.9 The obese person can not recognise that her stomach is full , nor the anorexic that hers is empty .
bruch contrasts this fortunate majority with both the anorexic and the obese person , neither of whom knows how to gauge the state of her own stomach or [evaluate] what is a reasonable requirement of food for her own bodily needs.9 the obese person can not recognise that her stomach is full , nor the anorexic that hers is empty .

Counselling seeks to present troubled individuals with a ‘ mirror ’ through which they can assess their social performance , and the reasons which lie behind its success or failure , its quality or lack of quality .
counselling seeks to present troubled individuals with a ‘ mirror ’ through which they can [evaluate] their social performance , and the reasons which lie behind its success or failure , its quality or lack of quality .

With these general rules in mind , counsellors should carefully assess the potential benefits of using reminiscence in their work with older people .
with these general rules in mind , counsellors should carefully [evaluate] the potential benefits of using reminiscence in their work with older people .

The counsellor should seek to assess the various factors which might be contributing to the ill-health of the older individual .
the counsellor should seek to [evaluate] the various factors which might be contributing to the ill-health of the older individual .

It should aim at helping individuals to assess the cost to their former life-style , and either to fight the consequences realistically , or to accept and come to terms with them , whichever seems to be the most appropriate .
it should aim at helping individuals to [evaluate] the cost to their former life-style , and either to fight the consequences realistically , or to accept and come to terms with them , whichever seems to be the most appropriate .

When we assess animal intelligence we tend to take a very anthropocentric view ; that is , our yardstick of a creature 's intelligence is how closely it resembles our own .
when we [evaluate] animal intelligence we tend to take a very anthropocentric view ; that is , our yardstick of a creature 's intelligence is how closely it resembles our own .

To re-educate your critic takes time . One useful formula is to assess your performance in terms of
to re-educate your critic takes time . one useful formula is to [evaluate] your performance in terms of

Assess the ‘ crime ’ without beating yourself up with knowledge of your past bad record .
[evaluate] the ‘ crime ’ without beating yourself up with knowledge of your past bad record .

On a sheet of paper , write down what you want and need professionally , personally , and in material and emotional terms . Then assess your resources :
on a sheet of paper , write down what you want and need professionally , personally , and in material and emotional terms . then [evaluate] your resources :

Professional career counsellors can assess your strengths and weaknesses and offer advice .
professional career counsellors can [evaluate] your strengths and weaknesses and offer advice .

Launching into the logical approach when someone has not had time or does not have the information to assess your credibility is unwise .
launching into the logical approach when someone has not had time or does not have the information to [evaluate] your credibility is unwise .

Like the cab driver , it can be useful to assess your particular balance of needs and consider the extent to which they are being satisfied .
like the cab driver , it can be useful to [evaluate] your particular balance of needs and consider the extent to which they are being satisfied .

They frustrate the interviewer who wants to know specific tangible facts about the past to assess how this information could be utilised in the future .
they frustrate the interviewer who wants to know specific tangible facts about the past to [evaluate] how this information could be utilised in the future .

These can help interviewers assess personality and give a clearer picture of the interviewee 's strengths and weaknesses .
these can help interviewers [evaluate] personality and give a clearer picture of the interviewee 's strengths and weaknesses .

On August 19th , Palme Dutt — revealing a capacity to assess political realities independently of the Moscow line which , in all his long years as Britain 's foremost guardian of Communist orthodoxy , he was seldom to repeat — insisted the issue was ‘ not essentially a revolutionary class issue , but simply an expression of war-weariness and horror at the prospect of being dragged into another war .
on august 19th , palme dutt — revealing a capacity to [evaluate] political realities independently of the moscow line which , in all his long years as britain 's foremost guardian of communist orthodoxy , he was seldom to repeat — insisted the issue was ‘ not essentially a revolutionary class issue , but simply an expression of war-weariness and horror at the prospect of being dragged into another war .

‘ All employers must assess any forseeable risks to employees using their workstations and premises , and should inform employees of the results of these assessments .
‘ all employers must [evaluate] any forseeable risks to employees using their workstations and premises , and should inform employees of the results of these assessments .

Also coming into effect tomorrow are the Manual Handling Operations Regulations , which require employers to assess any risk of manual handling injury to workers .
also coming into effect tomorrow are the manual handling operations regulations , which require employers to [evaluate] any risk of manual handling injury to workers .

Basically , the expression means to use your wits to assess what you are being told .
basically , the expression means to use your wits to [evaluate] what you are being told .

But surely the job of the juror is to assess the credibility of the witness in the box .
but surely the job of the juror is to [evaluate] the credibility of the witness in the box .

In this case , part of that job involved having to assess the claimed ‘ innocence ’ of Washington .
in this case , part of that job involved having to [evaluate] the claimed ‘ innocence ’ of washington .

Severe weather forced Francis to assess his strengths on all weather pitches , and when the Wednesday boss requested an extension of the trial period , Cantona took umbrage and defected to Leeds .
severe weather forced francis to [evaluate] his strengths on all weather pitches , and when the wednesday boss requested an extension of the trial period , cantona took umbrage and defected to leeds .

Do you consider that the inspector is right to assess emoluments on the director , and if so is it correct to charge emoluments for the whole year when the director only uses the property for a few weekends in each year ?
do you consider that the inspector is right to [evaluate] emoluments on the director , and if so is it correct to charge emoluments for the whole year when the director only uses the property for a few weekends in each year ?

It is difficult to assess exactly how important such credit effects have been in this recession .
it is difficult to [evaluate] exactly how important such credit effects have been in this recession .

Regrettably , the delays experienced in taking a matter through to a court hearing , together with the passing of information to other bodies , make it very difficult for outsiders to assess the effectiveness of s 447 enquiries .
regrettably , the delays experienced in taking a matter through to a court hearing , together with the passing of information to other bodies , make it very difficult for outsiders to [evaluate] the effectiveness of s 447 enquiries .

On the other hand there was some investment in being able to assess performance such that it was possible to reward people for ‘ good ’ performance , and the group were not entirely able to sort this one out in that it was representing to them a dependent desire to be judged and be judged as good , and yet a refusal to accept the terms upon which judgement was being made in that they felt depersonalized by it ’
on the other hand there was some investment in being able to [evaluate] performance such that it was possible to reward people for ‘ good ’ performance , and the group were not entirely able to sort this one out in that it was representing to them a dependent desire to be judged and be judged as good , and yet a refusal to accept the terms upon which judgement was being made in that they felt depersonalized by it ’

It is important in any analysis of a crime such as cattle stealing , in which individual cases are not of great significance , to assess the frequency of the offence .
it is important in any analysis of a crime such as cattle stealing , in which individual cases are not of great significance , to [evaluate] the frequency of the offence .

The preferred answers and details of how to assess your company 's score appear on p 89 .
the preferred answers and details of how to [evaluate] your company 's score appear on p 89 .

Shake off that depression , assess where you went wrong and try to put it right next year .
shake off that depression , [evaluate] where you went wrong and try to put it right next year .

After that he will assess how rugby might figure again in his life .
after that he will [evaluate] how rugby might figure again in his life .

To try and answer this question , it is necessary to look in more detail at the anatomy of the current slump in the housing market and assess why it has been so much more severe than previous downturns .
to try and answer this question , it is necessary to look in more detail at the anatomy of the current slump in the housing market and [evaluate] why it has been so much more severe than previous downturns .

At this stage it is difficult to assess whether the potential benefits to accounts users which may arise from improvements in audit judgments and financial reporting as a result of regulation can be justified against the costs , particularly at the smaller end of the market .
at this stage it is difficult to [evaluate] whether the potential benefits to accounts users which may arise from improvements in audit judgments and financial reporting as a result of regulation can be justified against the costs , particularly at the smaller end of the market .

The accuracy of this qualification as a predictor of failure will be determined jointly by the auditor 's ability to assess the distribution of future cash flows and the nature of that distribution .
the accuracy of this qualification as a predictor of failure will be determined jointly by the auditor 's ability to [evaluate] the distribution of future cash flows and the nature of that distribution .

The employer 's main duties are to assess display screen equipment workstations and reduce any risks that are discovered ; ensure that workstations satisfy minimum requirements in terms of the display screen itself , the keyboard , desk and chair , working environment and task design and software ; plan work on display screen equipment so that the user has breaks or changes of activity ; and to provide information and training for display equipment users .
the employer 's main duties are to [evaluate] display screen equipment workstations and reduce any risks that are discovered ; ensure that workstations satisfy minimum requirements in terms of the display screen itself , the keyboard , desk and chair , working environment and task design and software ; plan work on display screen equipment so that the user has breaks or changes of activity ; and to provide information and training for display equipment users .

Testing — numerous tests to assess basic intelligence , aptitude , attitude , and personality , and to predict delinquent behaviour , exist and are used today as an integral part of pre-employment screening .
testing — numerous tests to [evaluate] basic intelligence , aptitude , attitude , and personality , and to predict delinquent behaviour , exist and are used today as an integral part of pre-employment screening .

Employers are also obliged to assess the risks to pregnant women and protect them from those risks and adjust working conditions and hours of work to protect their health and safety .
employers are also obliged to [evaluate] the risks to pregnant women and protect them from those risks and adjust working conditions and hours of work to protect their health and safety .

The new proposals are that individuals should be taxed on all their income on a common current year basis and taxpayers who are sent returns could choose whether to assess themselves .
the new proposals are that individuals should be taxed on all their income on a common current year basis and taxpayers who are sent returns could choose whether to [evaluate] themselves .

Taxpayers who chose to assess themselves would compute the tax due on their total income for the year ending 5 April and , having taken into account any tax deducted or paid in instalments , would send this , or a repayment claim , to the Revenue , with their return by 1 January in the following year .
taxpayers who chose to [evaluate] themselves would compute the tax due on their total income for the year ending 5 april and , having taken into account any tax deducted or paid in instalments , would send this , or a repayment claim , to the revenue , with their return by 1 january in the following year .

Taxpayers who chose not to assess themselves would send their return by 1 October for the Revenue to compute the tax outstanding , which would be payable by 1 January .
taxpayers who chose not to [evaluate] themselves would send their return by 1 october for the revenue to compute the tax outstanding , which would be payable by 1 january .

The Inland Revenue is seeking competitive tenders to assess whether a strategic contract with a major private sector computing supplier would be beneficial .
the inland revenue is seeking competitive tenders to [evaluate] whether a strategic contract with a major private sector computing supplier would be beneficial .

Pollution experts from the National Rivers Authority were called in to assess the danger of fuel leaking into the canal .
pollution experts from the national rivers authority were called in to [evaluate] the danger of fuel leaking into the canal .

Its new scheme will assess the credit risk of new borrowers according to their age , marital status and number of children .
its new scheme will [evaluate] the credit risk of new borrowers according to their age , marital status and number of children .

It should be stressed that the aim in providing teachers with training in observational procedures is not to turn them into classroom researchers … Rather , the idea is to equip them to assess what they are doing when back in the field , and to monitor any innovations they make in their teaching . ( 1983b:288 )
it should be stressed that the aim in providing teachers with training in observational procedures is not to turn them into classroom researchers … rather , the idea is to equip them to [evaluate] what they are doing when back in the field , and to monitor any innovations they make in their teaching . ( 1983b:288 )

Employers will have to assess health and safety risks to employees and others who may be affected and arrange for the implementation of measures identified by the risk assessment ( p 104 ) .
employers will have to [evaluate] health and safety risks to employees and others who may be affected and arrange for the implementation of measures identified by the risk assessment ( p 104 ) .

[ It includes procedures to assess whether the company will continue as a going concern and whether material error has arisen from fraud or illegal acts ] 2 , but it is not a guarantee against collusive or immaterial fraud or against sudden changes in the company 's financial position .
[ it includes procedures to [evaluate] whether the company will continue as a going concern and whether material error has arisen from fraud or illegal acts ] 2 , but it is not a guarantee against collusive or immaterial fraud or against sudden changes in the company 's financial position .

The purpose of this chapter is to assess what we know from research evidence about patterns of support between adult relatives in contemporary Britain .
the purpose of this chapter is to [evaluate] what we know from research evidence about patterns of support between adult relatives in contemporary britain .

One way SSDs can address the problem , said Wilkes , is to assess the needs of young people and workers .
one way ssds can address the problem , said wilkes , is to [evaluate] the needs of young people and workers .

The objectives were to help organisations assess their readiness to purchase and deliver services , individually and jointly ; to plot relationships between agencies ; and to set benchmarks for measuring progress ; and to agree priorities for action .
the objectives were to help organisations [evaluate] their readiness to purchase and deliver services , individually and jointly ; to plot relationships between agencies ; and to set benchmarks for measuring progress ; and to agree priorities for action .

Those who assess their needs and deliver services must be aware of a tendency to treat older people as dependent , incapable and childlike .
those who [evaluate] their needs and deliver services must be aware of a tendency to treat older people as dependent , incapable and childlike .

The curlew are probably local birds , but it is impossible to assess the status of the plovers while they are in winter plumage and have lost their black ‘ shirt front ’ .
the curlew are probably local birds , but it is impossible to [evaluate] the status of the plovers while they are in winter plumage and have lost their black ‘ shirt front ’ .

Although there were thousands of lesser and hundreds of brown noddies on Cousin in October , it can not be easy to assess the population size , because with no positive ‘ summer season ’ as we know it in the temperate zones , many birds can be found breeding almost throughout the year .
although there were thousands of lesser and hundreds of brown noddies on cousin in october , it can not be easy to [evaluate] the population size , because with no positive ‘ summer season ’ as we know it in the temperate zones , many birds can be found breeding almost throughout the year .

We now assess the plausibility of the greenhouse-plus-solar simulations in terms of their implied climate sensitivities and solar forcing ranges .
we now [evaluate] the plausibility of the greenhouse-plus-solar simulations in terms of their implied climate sensitivities and solar forcing ranges .

Here we examine carbon-bearing and carbon-free granulites under a range of electrolyte saturations , confining pressures , pore pressures and temperatures to assess their contributions to the bulk conductivity of the rock and to help understand the nature of the rocks causing the high-conductivity zones in the lower crust .
here we examine carbon-bearing and carbon-free granulites under a range of electrolyte saturations , confining pressures , pore pressures and temperatures to [evaluate] their contributions to the bulk conductivity of the rock and to help understand the nature of the rocks causing the high-conductivity zones in the lower crust .

Palaeomagnetic data from undeformed portions of South Mountains footwall rocks provide a passive linear marker to assess footwall tilting .
palaeomagnetic data from undeformed portions of south mountains footwall rocks provide a passive linear marker to [evaluate] footwall tilting .

To assess this objectively , we fitted the power spectra to the following function where is the power spectral density at frequency .
to [evaluate] this objectively , we fitted the power spectra to the following function where is the power spectral density at frequency .

Our analysis is based on a new lifting surface model which applies the classical aerodynamic solution of the forces acting on a low aspect ratio delta wing to assess the lift and drag associated with a bird 's tail .
our analysis is based on a new lifting surface model which applies the classical aerodynamic solution of the forces acting on a low aspect ratio delta wing to [evaluate] the lift and drag associated with a bird 's tail .

In order to assess the importance of the two mechanisms mentioned above , we use a zonally averaged chemical-radiative-dynamical model of the middle atmosphere .
in order to [evaluate] the importance of the two mechanisms mentioned above , we use a zonally averaged chemical-radiative-dynamical model of the middle atmosphere .

This allows us to do more than simply check back on the forecasters ' performance on individual countries ; it enables us to assess which forecaster has the best record across all the big economies .
this allows us to do more than simply check back on the forecasters ' performance on individual countries ; it enables us to [evaluate] which forecaster has the best record across all the big economies .

As a chronicler of the times , Mr Clarke is hard to assess .
as a chronicler of the times , mr clarke is hard to [evaluate] .

The study , produced for the Standing Conference on Drug Abuse and Alcohol Concern , indicates SSDs must catch up if they are to assess misusers and stump up the cash for community care .
the study , produced for the standing conference on drug abuse and alcohol concern , indicates ssds must catch up if they are to [evaluate] misusers and stump up the cash for community care .

How does one assess the needs of the children ?
how does one [evaluate] the needs of the children ?

The aim is to assess what has happened , and to decide whether the child needs protection .
the aim is to [evaluate] what has happened , and to decide whether the child needs protection .

But , again , the committee 's power is hard to assess .
but , again , the committee 's power is hard to [evaluate] .

At a press conference before the 1991 referendum , Mr Kravchuck was asked to assess the legacy of Mykhailo Hrushevsky , president of the short-lived Ukrainian republic established in 1917 .
at a press conference before the 1991 referendum , mr kravchuck was asked to [evaluate] the legacy of mykhailo hrushevsky , president of the short-lived ukrainian republic established in 1917 .

The head had asked the educational psychologist to come and assess him with a view to producing a formal Statement of Special Educational Needs .
the head had asked the educational psychologist to come and [evaluate] him with a view to producing a formal statement of special educational needs .

The validity of the psychologist 's interpretation of parental motives in this case is difficult to assess .
the validity of the psychologist 's interpretation of parental motives in this case is difficult to [evaluate] .

The elegant drawing-room at Summer Lodge was filled with people ; intruders who lifted priceless objects and studied them trying to assess their worth .
the elegant drawing-room at summer lodge was filled with people ; intruders who lifted priceless objects and studied them trying to [evaluate] their worth .

During the 1950s further units were set up at London and Liverpool University to assess attitudes in industry .
during the 1950s further units were set up at london and liverpool university to [evaluate] attitudes in industry .

Thus , we are able to assess the impact of redundancy and unemployment on a group for whom these were rare if not entirely new occurrences .
thus , we are able to [evaluate] the impact of redundancy and unemployment on a group for whom these were rare if not entirely new occurrences .

Later , with the fuselage loaded on a lorry and at least one-and-a-half of everything else they could find in spares , they started to assess the rebuild .
later , with the fuselage loaded on a lorry and at least one-and-a-half of everything else they could find in spares , they started to [evaluate] the rebuild .

The Swede never attempted to assess what he eavesdropped .
the swede never attempted to [evaluate] what he eavesdropped .

An independent ecologist has been commissioned to assess the situation .
an independent ecologist has been commissioned to [evaluate] the situation .

By 1907 it was estimated that the average daily attendance in the city 's nickelodeons was 100,000 and very naturally local politicians , reformers , and social workers were anxious to assess the significance of this statistic .
by 1907 it was estimated that the average daily attendance in the city 's nickelodeons was 100,000 and very naturally local politicians , reformers , and social workers were anxious to [evaluate] the significance of this statistic .

The basic examination should consist of : ( a ) an interview with frequent switching from language to language ; ( b ) an improvised short speech in the first language on a topic chosen at random , to assess general knowledge ; ( c ) non-technical information in one language to be rendered consecutively in a second language ; ( d ) translation from a text off-the-cuff .
the basic examination should consist of : ( a ) an interview with frequent switching from language to language ; ( b ) an improvised short speech in the first language on a topic chosen at random , to [evaluate] general knowledge ; ( c ) non-technical information in one language to be rendered consecutively in a second language ; ( d ) translation from a text off-the-cuff .

What we can take from this contemporary debate is the realisation that although research can assess the effectiveness of signing in schools , the change to Total Communication is generally based on attitude or commitment , which minimises or ignores the teacher variable .
what we can take from this contemporary debate is the realisation that although research can [evaluate] the effectiveness of signing in schools , the change to total communication is generally based on attitude or commitment , which minimises or ignores the teacher variable .

Most parents do not assess what a school has to offer .
most parents do not [evaluate] what a school has to offer .

Assess the interviewee under various headings to obtain a comparable profile score .
[evaluate] the interviewee under various headings to obtain a comparable profile score .

What is certain , however , is that Moltke , on 8 September , for the second time instructed a young staff officer , Lieutenant-Colonel Hentsch , to visit the command centres of all the German armies to assess the situation .
what is certain , however , is that moltke , on 8 september , for the second time instructed a young staff officer , lieutenant-colonel hentsch , to visit the command centres of all the german armies to [evaluate] the situation .

Roads and railways were improved ; frequent patrols were made to assess the enemy 's strength and positions ; and aircraft not only kept constant watch on the German lines but prevented their aircraft from taking off .
roads and railways were improved ; frequent patrols were made to [evaluate] the enemy 's strength and positions ; and aircraft not only kept constant watch on the german lines but prevented their aircraft from taking off .

The scheme also uses machine testing to assess the carpet 's ability to retain its ‘ as new ’ appearance after years of wear .
the scheme also uses machine testing to [evaluate] the carpet 's ability to retain its ‘ as new ’ appearance after years of wear .

Metering has been on trial in England and Wales for the past two years , to assess whether it is a serious option as a basis for domestic charges from the year 2000 — when the present charging system based on the rateable value of your house is due to be scrapped .
metering has been on trial in england and wales for the past two years , to [evaluate] whether it is a serious option as a basis for domestic charges from the year 2000 — when the present charging system based on the rateable value of your house is due to be scrapped .

They will assess the person on his voice quality , mannerisms and dress .
they will [evaluate] the person on his voice quality , mannerisms and dress .

We need to isolate significant measuring points to assess current trends and the influences at work which produce them .
we need to isolate significant measuring points to [evaluate] current trends and the influences at work which produce them .

At the level of the local church to enable them to formulate their missionary task in the area and assess their work in a creative manner .
at the level of the local church to enable them to formulate their missionary task in the area and [evaluate] their work in a creative manner .

People are intimately involved in the situation which they are endeavouring to analyse so they are well placed to assess the accuracy and relevance of the information and also to interpret its significance .
people are intimately involved in the situation which they are endeavouring to analyse so they are well placed to [evaluate] the accuracy and relevance of the information and also to interpret its significance .

Someone in charge of the scheme will need to establish contact with both parties to assess how things are working out .
someone in charge of the scheme will need to establish contact with both parties to [evaluate] how things are working out .

It is perhaps this ‘ night vision ’ that makes women much more able than men to assess a situation , particularly an emotional one .
it is perhaps this ‘ night vision ’ that makes women much more able than men to [evaluate] a situation , particularly an emotional one .

The recent revival of interest in the relationship , if any , between race and intelligence ( notoriously difficult to assess in absolute terms that are cross-culturally valid ) is itself a social phenomenon , reflecting our ethnically mixed contemporary environment .
the recent revival of interest in the relationship , if any , between race and intelligence ( notoriously difficult to [evaluate] in absolute terms that are cross-culturally valid ) is itself a social phenomenon , reflecting our ethnically mixed contemporary environment .

Equally , when the social anthropologist attempts to assess the impact of socially enjoined behaviour or beliefs on the inner feelings of the people he studies , he likewise trespasses upon the psychiatrist 's ( and psychologist 's ) territory .
equally , when the social anthropologist attempts to [evaluate] the impact of socially enjoined behaviour or beliefs on the inner feelings of the people he studies , he likewise trespasses upon the psychiatrist 's ( and psychologist 's ) territory .

But before we try to make sense of other people 's mystical beliefs in the following chapters , there is one further method of interpreting cultural and social facts which we must identify and assess .
but before we try to make sense of other people 's mystical beliefs in the following chapters , there is one further method of interpreting cultural and social facts which we must identify and [evaluate] .

According to this , we can best assess the intrinsic value of something if we ask how good or bad a thing it would be if it existed in complete isolation .
according to this , we can best [evaluate] the intrinsic value of something if we ask how good or bad a thing it would be if it existed in complete isolation .

They assess specific companies and make recommendations to buy , sell or hold the shares .
they [evaluate] specific companies and make recommendations to buy , sell or hold the shares .

As a good honours graduate , you will provide research assistance in the purification and characterisation of proteins as targets for chemotherapeutic agents , and assess interactions between such proteins and inhibitors .
as a good honours graduate , you will provide research assistance in the purification and characterisation of proteins as targets for chemotherapeutic agents , and [evaluate] interactions between such proteins and inhibitors .

In addition to the Snellen test for distance vision , all school-aged children should be screened to assess their levels of near vision .
in addition to the snellen test for distance vision , all school-aged children should be screened to [evaluate] their levels of near vision .

In order to assess the children 's lighting needs , teachers must look at the tasks that are to be performed , such as moving around , close and distance work , and see how each child performs in different lighting conditions , then adapt accordingly .
in order to [evaluate] the children 's lighting needs , teachers must look at the tasks that are to be performed , such as moving around , close and distance work , and see how each child performs in different lighting conditions , then adapt accordingly .

Communicators in Pacific assess influence of mass media
communicators in pacific [evaluate] influence of mass media

The aim of the consultation was to assess the impact of mass media on the Christian faith in the Pacific , and to identify the role played by churches and Christian communicators in the media .
the aim of the consultation was to [evaluate] the impact of mass media on the christian faith in the pacific , and to identify the role played by churches and christian communicators in the media .

So far only a preliminary amount of work has been carried out in order to assess the restoration work required .
so far only a preliminary amount of work has been carried out in order to [evaluate] the restoration work required .

Also it is hoped to monitor the current advertising campaign and to assess the reaction to diesel power .
also it is hoped to monitor the current advertising campaign and to [evaluate] the reaction to diesel power .

The purpose of this lip curl is to lodge the scent or taste of the female 's urine in a particularly sensitive part of his nasal cavity , the Jacobson 's organ , so that he can assess the female 's reproductive condition .
the purpose of this lip curl is to lodge the scent or taste of the female 's urine in a particularly sensitive part of his nasal cavity , the jacobson 's organ , so that he can [evaluate] the female 's reproductive condition .

If , on the other hand , the two sheep are of similar size they can assess each other only by fighting .
if , on the other hand , the two sheep are of similar size they can [evaluate] each other only by fighting .

More material from Dzerszhinsky Street that he must assess .
more material from dzerszhinsky street that he must [evaluate] .

Under the new arrangements the role of the local authority will be to assess needs in their locality , set local priorities and service objectives , and arrange the required care by designing , organizing and purchasing it .
under the new arrangements the role of the local authority will be to [evaluate] needs in their locality , set local priorities and service objectives , and arrange the required care by designing , organizing and purchasing it .

In this system one individual worker , employed by an agency responsible for community care services , is appointed to assess the needs of an individual client , plan a comprehensive set of services for the individual , coordinate the various services and follow up the individual 's progress over time .
in this system one individual worker , employed by an agency responsible for community care services , is appointed to [evaluate] the needs of an individual client , plan a comprehensive set of services for the individual , coordinate the various services and follow up the individual 's progress over time .

Having established service criteria , it is necessary to assess every individual who needs services along two dimensions : first , in terms of the ordinary needs of every citizen , and second , in terms of the special needs generated by mental disorder .
having established service criteria , it is necessary to [evaluate] every individual who needs services along two dimensions : first , in terms of the ordinary needs of every citizen , and second , in terms of the special needs generated by mental disorder .

Any comprehensive community care system must ensure that all service users have ready access to skilled help from someone who is trained to assess their entitlements , to negotiate on their behalf with the Department of Social Security and other agencies , to assist with budgeting , offer financial advice and , where the individual desires it , hold benefit books and cheque books and arrange for regular bills to be paid and financial commitments to be planned .
any comprehensive community care system must ensure that all service users have ready access to skilled help from someone who is trained to [evaluate] their entitlements , to negotiate on their behalf with the department of social security and other agencies , to assist with budgeting , offer financial advice and , where the individual desires it , hold benefit books and cheque books and arrange for regular bills to be paid and financial commitments to be planned .

Managers responsible for assessing the quality of services need to compile a list of specific objectives for a service , such as those outlined in Chapter 7 , and then establish a measurable set of criteria to assess whether the total service meets its objectives .
managers responsible for assessing the quality of services need to compile a list of specific objectives for a service , such as those outlined in chapter 7 , and then establish a measurable set of criteria to [evaluate] whether the total service meets its objectives .

When comparing quotations from sub-contractors , care is necessary to assess the relationship between different items , as discussed in the section on labour and material sub-contractors later in this chapter .
when comparing quotations from sub-contractors , care is necessary to [evaluate] the relationship between different items , as discussed in the section on labour and material sub-contractors later in this chapter .

The surveyor can easily assess the relationship between earnings on measured work and daywork , in order to verify the daywork hours , provided he is aware of the total hours worked each week .
the surveyor can easily [evaluate] the relationship between earnings on measured work and daywork , in order to verify the daywork hours , provided he is aware of the total hours worked each week .

In conclusion , therefore , it is essential to investigate thoroughly the exact location of all mains services affecting the site and to assess the financial implications on layout and density or the cost of removal or diversion .
in conclusion , therefore , it is essential to investigate thoroughly the exact location of all mains services affecting the site and to [evaluate] the financial implications on layout and density or the cost of removal or diversion .

The final aspect of the site-finding exercise is to assess the market potential of the area and investigate those external factors which will affect sales and site desirability .
the final aspect of the site-finding exercise is to [evaluate] the market potential of the area and investigate those external factors which will affect sales and site desirability .

It is also important to assess the general economic situation , including the cost and availability of finance , not only for the developer , but also ultimately for the individual house purchaser .
it is also important to [evaluate] the general economic situation , including the cost and availability of finance , not only for the developer , but also ultimately for the individual house purchaser .

It is also important for building companies to attempt to assess the correct allocation of overheads in the management accounts against each project to ascertain the true profit .
it is also important for building companies to attempt to [evaluate] the correct allocation of overheads in the management accounts against each project to ascertain the true profit .

It can be very difficult to assess in advance what will be regarded as anticompetitive and what is acceptable business behaviour .
it can be very difficult to [evaluate] in advance what will be regarded as anticompetitive and what is acceptable business behaviour .

Before you can sign the translation contract , the publishers insist that you provide a sample translation of a couple of pages to allow them to assess your competence as a translator of this type of literature .
before you can sign the translation contract , the publishers insist that you provide a sample translation of a couple of pages to allow them to [evaluate] your competence as a translator of this type of literature .

They provide you with a short summary of the context to help you assess the tone of the extract .
they provide you with a short summary of the context to help you [evaluate] the tone of the extract .

Methodological principles need to be discussed at the rather abstract level at which they were presented in the preceding chapters ; otherwise it is not always easy to assess the applicability of a set of methods to a new research context .
methodological principles need to be discussed at the rather abstract level at which they were presented in the preceding chapters ; otherwise it is not always easy to [evaluate] the applicability of a set of methods to a new research context .

The general value of a pilot study for helping to assess the importance of information gathered by relatively unsystematic observation and analysis may be demonstrated with reference to the variable ( a ) in Belfast .
the general value of a pilot study for helping to [evaluate] the importance of information gathered by relatively unsystematic observation and analysis may be demonstrated with reference to the variable ( a ) in belfast .

In a theoretical treatment Woods ( 1982 ) divides migration theory into the attitudes and behaviour of both individuals and groups , and then proposes a three-fold structure for integrating theories of migration : First , the theories must have the ability to understand the ways in which individuals form images of their worlds , how they assess those images and then decide whether to migrate or not .
in a theoretical treatment woods ( 1982 ) divides migration theory into the attitudes and behaviour of both individuals and groups , and then proposes a three-fold structure for integrating theories of migration : first , the theories must have the ability to understand the ways in which individuals form images of their worlds , how they [evaluate] those images and then decide whether to migrate or not .

For example , De Vane ( 1975 ) concluded that their economic regional multiplier was roughly the same as hotels , but that insufficient data were available to assess their effect on house prices .
for example , de vane ( 1975 ) concluded that their economic regional multiplier was roughly the same as hotels , but that insufficient data were available to [evaluate] their effect on house prices .

It is even harder to assess the social impact , and although Bollom ( 1978 ) has argued that local attitudes to second-home owners depend on the structure of the local community , and that antipathy to second-home owners ironically tends to decline with increasing percentages of second homes , another study ( Downing and Dower , 1972 , 32 ) has argued that :
it is even harder to [evaluate] the social impact , and although bollom ( 1978 ) has argued that local attitudes to second-home owners depend on the structure of the local community , and that antipathy to second-home owners ironically tends to decline with increasing percentages of second homes , another study ( downing and dower , 1972 , 32 ) has argued that :

It is therefore very important to try and assess the more enduring changes shown in Figure 8.4 , and Table 8.4 .
it is therefore very important to try and [evaluate] the more enduring changes shown in figure 8.4 , and table 8.4 .

Nonetheless , the public preference approach is not without its problems , notably how to assess people 's preferences , and whether a consensus could or should be achieved .
nonetheless , the public preference approach is not without its problems , notably how to [evaluate] people 's preferences , and whether a consensus could or should be achieved .

landscape evaluation studies neither ascertain landscape tastes nor assess public preferences ; they tell us nothing about what landscapes the public values or why .
landscape evaluation studies neither ascertain landscape tastes nor [evaluate] public preferences ; they tell us nothing about what landscapes the public values or why .

This is not to say that the term ‘ carrier ’ has no purpose in bill of lading law other than to assess damage liability .
this is not to say that the term ‘ carrier ’ has no purpose in bill of lading law other than to [evaluate] damage liability .

Prospective as well as existing secured creditors , for example , must rely on appropriate notice in order to assess the feasibility of their loan and the perfection of their security interest .
prospective as well as existing secured creditors , for example , must rely on appropriate notice in order to [evaluate] the feasibility of their loan and the perfection of their security interest .

If the objective of a democratic legislature is to inform the public about issues , to let them know what pressure groups are saying and to allow the civil service to assess public reaction before rather than after the government is committed to a line of action , then pressure groups should address Parliament .
if the objective of a democratic legislature is to inform the public about issues , to let them know what pressure groups are saying and to allow the civil service to [evaluate] public reaction before rather than after the government is committed to a line of action , then pressure groups should address parliament .

Inevitably the officials in the department exercise some influence but the extent of this varies and is difficult to assess .
inevitably the officials in the department exercise some influence but the extent of this varies and is difficult to [evaluate] .

Only then shall we be able to assess how far the dominance of the public schools and ( what is of much less significance ) of Oxford and Cambridge has begun to lessen .
only then shall we be able to [evaluate] how far the dominance of the public schools and ( what is of much less significance ) of oxford and cambridge has begun to lessen .

It is too early to assess its general impact .
it is too early to [evaluate] its general impact .

There are five main ways in which these forecasts are used : for resource allocation in the near future ; to plan longer-term capital expenditure ; to assess planned admission limits for schools ; to aid reorganization ; and to help forecast the future budget for the local authority — both educational and corporate .
there are five main ways in which these forecasts are used : for resource allocation in the near future ; to plan longer-term capital expenditure ; to [evaluate] planned admission limits for schools ; to aid reorganization ; and to help forecast the future budget for the local authority — both educational and corporate .

Such an approach should also build in the potential for tests for accuracy as well as the flexibility to assess different policy decisions .
such an approach should also build in the potential for tests for accuracy as well as the flexibility to [evaluate] different policy decisions .

These procedures are essentially intended to assess the social costs of school reorganization .
these procedures are essentially intended to [evaluate] the social costs of school reorganization .

The essential criterion is that data are available to assess actual demand .
the essential criterion is that data are available to [evaluate] actual demand .

Finally , the regression equations used to assess unit costs also have large standard errors , which could lead to extreme estimates of £199 to £324 , with other estimates at the mean .
finally , the regression equations used to [evaluate] unit costs also have large standard errors , which could lead to extreme estimates of £199 to £324 , with other estimates at the mean .

Local Authority housing usually satisfies most of the basic criteria used to assess housing deprivation in the Census , for example being self-contained , having baths and inside toilets and avoiding overcrowding .
local authority housing usually satisfies most of the basic criteria used to [evaluate] housing deprivation in the census , for example being self-contained , having baths and inside toilets and avoiding overcrowding .

She seemed to assess their position and then go quickly back to the carrion as if she was very hungry and sought to take as much of it as she could before the crows reached her .
she seemed to [evaluate] their position and then go quickly back to the carrion as if she was very hungry and sought to take as much of it as she could before the crows reached her .

The Countryside Commission , for example , has funded an extensive research programme in both the lowlands and the uplands in order to assess the extent of existing landscape change and to demonstrate how profitable farming and an attractive countryside may be combined .
the countryside commission , for example , has funded an extensive research programme in both the lowlands and the uplands in order to [evaluate] the extent of existing landscape change and to demonstrate how profitable farming and an attractive countryside may be combined .

The survey was carried out before the implementation of the new grant system for adaptations so could not assess its effectiveness ( see Morris , 1991 , for an assessment of the new system ; Royal Association of Disability and Rehabilitation , 1992 ) .
the survey was carried out before the implementation of the new grant system for adaptations so could not [evaluate] its effectiveness ( see morris , 1991 , for an assessment of the new system ; royal association of disability and rehabilitation , 1992 ) .

There is , however , no shortage of studies attempting to assess the impact of weak owner control on company performance .
there is , however , no shortage of studies attempting to [evaluate] the impact of weak owner control on company performance .

An objective duty to balance potentially conflicting interests would present the courts with a near-impossible task and hence it is impracticable to impose one : not only would the court need to assess the likely impact on each group of a contested business policy , both in the short and long term , but also it would have to evaluate the policy in accordance with a theory which stipulated when one set of interests should prevail over the others .
an objective duty to balance potentially conflicting interests would present the courts with a near-impossible task and hence it is impracticable to impose one : not only would the court need to [evaluate] the likely impact on each group of a contested business policy , both in the short and long term , but also it would have to evaluate the policy in accordance with a theory which stipulated when one set of interests should prevail over the others .

The main point is that there is an absence of criteria by which the courts can assess the merits of an exercise of business discretion .
the main point is that there is an absence of criteria by which the courts can [evaluate] the merits of an exercise of business discretion .

The effectiveness of incentive schemes is in practice hard to assess .
the effectiveness of incentive schemes is in practice hard to [evaluate] .

As against this , it is argued that insurance companies act as an additional monitoring agency : in fixing premiums insurers will assess the degree of risk and directors thus have an incentive to minimise the chances of liability arising in order to keep premiums as low as possible .
as against this , it is argued that insurance companies act as an additional monitoring agency : in fixing premiums insurers will [evaluate] the degree of risk and directors thus have an incentive to minimise the chances of liability arising in order to keep premiums as low as possible .

The young man with the terrible toothache — Harrison — had sought her out and , clumsily but resolutely , he had told her that he intended to leave the quarries , go back to his father 's farm , assess what his prospects were there and then come back and … his resolution had run out at that point but the aim was clear .
the young man with the terrible toothache — harrison — had sought her out and , clumsily but resolutely , he had told her that he intended to leave the quarries , go back to his father 's farm , [evaluate] what his prospects were there and then come back and … his resolution had run out at that point but the aim was clear .

The Commission therefore believes it is important to assess the place of music in the primary and secondary education offered to children in this country , chiefly in the public sector .
the commission therefore believes it is important to [evaluate] the place of music in the primary and secondary education offered to children in this country , chiefly in the public sector .

‘ Your daughter — ’ this was said like an accusation — ‘ has agreed to go into a psychiatric hospital for a while , where we can assess her properly .
‘ your daughter — ’ this was said like an accusation — ‘ has agreed to go into a psychiatric hospital for a while , where we can [evaluate] her properly .

Thus the desire of the department to assess students ( which meant that they had to work competitively , rather than co-operatively ) conflicted with the desire of the students to understand the work ; the apparent aim of the department — to improve the knowledge and understanding of the students was being impeded by its other aim : to grade students .
thus the desire of the department to [evaluate] students ( which meant that they had to work competitively , rather than co-operatively ) conflicted with the desire of the students to understand the work ; the apparent aim of the department — to improve the knowledge and understanding of the students was being impeded by its other aim : to grade students .

But the issues are complex and it is difficult in general to assess the real strength or continuity of influence of these classical or medieval models on the modern curriculum .
but the issues are complex and it is difficult in general to [evaluate] the real strength or continuity of influence of these classical or medieval models on the modern curriculum .

This interpretation was supported by the fact that a committee which might consist of only a few members could not , however honest and conscientious , assess impartially the value of its work or that of its individual members .
this interpretation was supported by the fact that a committee which might consist of only a few members could not , however honest and conscientious , [evaluate] impartially the value of its work or that of its individual members .

Another difficulty arises when trying to assess how far different media may be taken as propositional .
another difficulty arises when trying to [evaluate] how far different media may be taken as propositional .

But , whatever the case , in order to assess the effectiveness of regional policy it was necessary to examine it in relation to the context in which it was operating .
but , whatever the case , in order to [evaluate] the effectiveness of regional policy it was necessary to examine it in relation to the context in which it was operating .

The first approach replied that this was all very well but then how could we ever assess the importance of one variable against another in the overall changes ?
the first approach replied that this was all very well but then how could we ever [evaluate] the importance of one variable against another in the overall changes ?

How would you assess , first , long-wave theories and , secondly , the regulationist approach in relation to :
how would you [evaluate] , first , long-wave theories and , secondly , the regulationist approach in relation to :

In the longer term they require more general financial information in order to assess whether or not there is likely to be an increase or decrease in requirement for the goods or services they supply .
in the longer term they require more general financial information in order to [evaluate] whether or not there is likely to be an increase or decrease in requirement for the goods or services they supply .

However , such information is only of limited use when trying to assess the performance of the public sector .
however , such information is only of limited use when trying to [evaluate] the performance of the public sector .

While greater demands are , from time to time , made for the right to assess public information , attend meetings and , more generally observe and question the machinery of state , successive governments remain preoccupied with administrative rather than public accountability .
while greater demands are , from time to time , made for the right to [evaluate] public information , attend meetings and , more generally observe and question the machinery of state , successive governments remain preoccupied with administrative rather than public accountability .

An examination should be made of those outputs that are measurable and the costs involved : this information is needed to assess efficiency and effectiveness .
an examination should be made of those outputs that are measurable and the costs involved : this information is needed to [evaluate] efficiency and effectiveness .

The aim of the financial management initiative is to promote in each department an organization and system in which managers at all levels have : ( a ) a clear view of their objectives and means to assess and , wherever possible , measure outputs or performance in relation to their objectives ; ( b ) well-defined responsibility for making the best use of resources , including a critical scrutiny of output and value for money ; and ( c ) the information ( particularly about costs ) , the training and the access to expert advice that they need to exercise their responsibilities effectively .
the aim of the financial management initiative is to promote in each department an organization and system in which managers at all levels have : ( a ) a clear view of their objectives and means to [evaluate] and , wherever possible , measure outputs or performance in relation to their objectives ; ( b ) well-defined responsibility for making the best use of resources , including a critical scrutiny of output and value for money ; and ( c ) the information ( particularly about costs ) , the training and the access to expert advice that they need to exercise their responsibilities effectively .

What knowledge is needed can not be specified in advance ; people must develop it for themselves , must assess it , and must communicate it .
what knowledge is needed can not be specified in advance ; people must develop it for themselves , must [evaluate] it , and must communicate it .

Staff must inspect sites for which planning applications have been submitted in order to assess the implications for water pollution of any building or other development .
staff must inspect sites for which planning applications have been submitted in order to [evaluate] the implications for water pollution of any building or other development .

Elsewhere the overall impact of the railways on the English landscape is not as easy to assess as it at first appears .
elsewhere the overall impact of the railways on the english landscape is not as easy to [evaluate] as it at first appears .

And it is necessary to assess the nature and significance of the polarization between ‘ multiculturalism ’ and ‘ antiracism ’ in this field , especially given the left 's construction of antiracism as representing the more genuinely radical intervention in this field .
and it is necessary to [evaluate] the nature and significance of the polarization between ‘ multiculturalism ’ and ‘ antiracism ’ in this field , especially given the left 's construction of antiracism as representing the more genuinely radical intervention in this field .

In my judgment there can be no doubt that , if Parliamentary privilege does not prohibit references to Hansard , the Parliamentary history shows that Parliament passed the legislation on the basis that the effect of sections 61 and 63 of the Act was to assess in-house benefits , and particularly concessionary education for teachers ' children , on the marginal cost to the employer and not on the average cost .
in my judgment there can be no doubt that , if parliamentary privilege does not prohibit references to hansard , the parliamentary history shows that parliament passed the legislation on the basis that the effect of sections 61 and 63 of the act was to [evaluate] in-house benefits , and particularly concessionary education for teachers ' children , on the marginal cost to the employer and not on the average cost .

On the basis of our investigations we attempt to assess the extent of employment Security enjoyed by these two groups of temporary workers .
on the basis of our investigations we attempt to [evaluate] the extent of employment security enjoyed by these two groups of temporary workers .

Many college curricula , especially in scientific and technological subjects , subject the student to such a barrage of facts and opinions that he has little chance to pause and assess what has taken place so far .
many college curricula , especially in scientific and technological subjects , subject the student to such a barrage of facts and opinions that he has little chance to pause and [evaluate] what has taken place so far .

In fact , the insect 's eyes assess its speed relative to the ground , and this visual information has overall control .
in fact , the insect 's eyes [evaluate] its speed relative to the ground , and this visual information has overall control .

It is often difficult to assess the colour vision of mammals , and some which were thought to see in monochrome have been shown to have sensitivity to colour .
it is often difficult to [evaluate] the colour vision of mammals , and some which were thought to see in monochrome have been shown to have sensitivity to colour .

The male camel drinks the female 's urine , swilling it in his mouth like a wine taster to assess her sexual state .
the male camel drinks the female 's urine , swilling it in his mouth like a wine taster to [evaluate] her sexual state .

1 Assess your soil :
1 [evaluate] your soil :

2 Assess your site :
2 [evaluate] your site :

One of the techniques now employed in many laboratories to assess differences in function between the two halves of the brain entails simultaneous presentation of competing information to the left and right ears .
one of the techniques now employed in many laboratories to [evaluate] differences in function between the two halves of the brain entails simultaneous presentation of competing information to the left and right ears .

The first attempt to assess cerebral dominance for language in a group of non-right handed patients appears to have been that of Pratt , Warrington and Halliday ( 1971 ) who tested 12 right handers and 12 so-called left handers .
the first attempt to [evaluate] cerebral dominance for language in a group of non-right handed patients appears to have been that of pratt , warrington and halliday ( 1971 ) who tested 12 right handers and 12 so-called left handers .

Monitor the use made of it and assess recording proposals in terms of the time they will take , and the usefulness of the end result .
monitor the use made of it and [evaluate] recording proposals in terms of the time they will take , and the usefulness of the end result .

This in turn offers trainees the possibility of taking an objective look at their own performance and it gives trainers the chance to assess that performance .
this in turn offers trainees the possibility of taking an objective look at their own performance and it gives trainers the chance to [evaluate] that performance .

This book has discussed only a few of the innovations we shall have to assess in the next five years or so .
this book has discussed only a few of the innovations we shall have to [evaluate] in the next five years or so .

Assess the machines properties in the light of your needs .
[evaluate] the machines properties in the light of your needs .

( b ) Assess the merits of this particular diagram . Does it help you to analyse the information ? Has it made the ideas more memorable ?
( b ) [evaluate] the merits of this particular diagram . does it help you to analyse the information ? has it made the ideas more memorable ?

You could perhaps , be asked to assess the value and strength of an explanation .
you could perhaps , be asked to [evaluate] the value and strength of an explanation .

Ask of each quotation " What job is it doing ? " For example , does it judge , explain , assess , describe or interpret a point in relation to the topic ?
ask of each quotation " what job is it doing ? " for example , does it judge , explain , [evaluate] , describe or interpret a point in relation to the topic ?

3. assess its reliability and value .
3. [evaluate] its reliability and value .

( c ) Assess the relative importance of the different parts of the document .
( c ) [evaluate] the relative importance of the different parts of the document .

It was a qualitative evaluation and its main focus was to assess the quality of communication between staff and parents at the health centre .
it was a qualitative evaluation and its main focus was to [evaluate] the quality of communication between staff and parents at the health centre .

In addition , in the case of dismissed workers , some local housing departments will try to assess the merits of the dismissal before rehousing , and the clause ‘ in the interests of efficient agriculture ’ is far from clear .
in addition , in the case of dismissed workers , some local housing departments will try to [evaluate] the merits of the dismissal before rehousing , and the clause ‘ in the interests of efficient agriculture ’ is far from clear .

Thereafter , both under our domestic law and under the Convention , the courts have the power and the duty to assess the ‘ pressing social need ’ for the maintenance of confidentiality ‘ proportionate to the legitimate aim pursued ’ against the basic right to freedom of expression and all other relevant factors .
thereafter , both under our domestic law and under the convention , the courts have the power and the duty to [evaluate] the ‘ pressing social need ’ for the maintenance of confidentiality ‘ proportionate to the legitimate aim pursued ’ against the basic right to freedom of expression and all other relevant factors .

All the same it is useful here to set up a paradigm of the profitability calculation against which to assess the prospects for investment planning , while accepting that there is considerable scope for variation in the actual calculations performed by particular enterprises .
all the same it is useful here to set up a paradigm of the profitability calculation against which to [evaluate] the prospects for investment planning , while accepting that there is considerable scope for variation in the actual calculations performed by particular enterprises .

In the absence of such evidence the justices were unable to assess whether the last resort of making a secure accommodation order was justified on the totality of information relating to his background .
in the absence of such evidence the justices were unable to [evaluate] whether the last resort of making a secure accommodation order was justified on the totality of information relating to his background .

Their work provides the necessary material to assess the strengths and weakness of the three traditional approaches .
their work provides the necessary material to [evaluate] the strengths and weakness of the three traditional approaches .

The role of Irish Republican prisoners we find more difficult to assess .
the role of irish republican prisoners we find more difficult to [evaluate] .

One reason for excessive caution on the part of magistrates when dealing with bail applications in the past was the lack of adequate information about defendants , their home circumstances , or the circumstances in which their offence had been committed — information which can help the court assess the defendants ' chances of absconding or re-offending while on bail .
one reason for excessive caution on the part of magistrates when dealing with bail applications in the past was the lack of adequate information about defendants , their home circumstances , or the circumstances in which their offence had been committed — information which can help the court [evaluate] the defendants ' chances of absconding or re-offending while on bail .

The Society of Freelance Editors and Proofreaders has launched an appeal to raise £25,000 initially to set up and run foundation courses and to train and assess tutors and mentors .
the society of freelance editors and proofreaders has launched an appeal to raise £25,000 initially to set up and run foundation courses and to train and [evaluate] tutors and mentors .

In selecting foster homes social workers interview and assess would-be foster parents for their general suitability , then great care is taken in placing a particular child in a particular foster home .
in selecting foster homes social workers interview and [evaluate] would-be foster parents for their general suitability , then great care is taken in placing a particular child in a particular foster home .

Social workers in the area teams visit the elderly to assess their needs and provide such services as seem appropriate and are available .
social workers in the area teams visit the elderly to [evaluate] their needs and provide such services as seem appropriate and are available .

It is possible , within limits , to assess a physical disability .
it is possible , within limits , to [evaluate] a physical disability .

In carrying out this duty , local authorities found themselves attempting to assess the numbers and needs of the disabled on a scale never before attempted .
in carrying out this duty , local authorities found themselves attempting to [evaluate] the numbers and needs of the disabled on a scale never before attempted .

The second meant that local authorities became heavily involved in researching into the numbers of disabled and attempting to assess their needs , and the public became much more aware of the whole problem of disability .
the second meant that local authorities became heavily involved in researching into the numbers of disabled and attempting to [evaluate] their needs , and the public became much more aware of the whole problem of disability .

The Department of the Environment issued a circular in 1974 , Housing for People who are Physically Handicapped , which gives guidance to local authorities on how to assess the need for special housing and advice on provision over such things as design and siting .
the department of the environment issued a circular in 1974 , housing for people who are physically handicapped , which gives guidance to local authorities on how to [evaluate] the need for special housing and advice on provision over such things as design and siting .

It is not easy to assess the size of the problem that mental disorder poses .
it is not easy to [evaluate] the size of the problem that mental disorder poses .

As a result of the first inquiry the Hospital Advisory Service ( now the Health Advisory Service ) was set up in 1969 to visit , assess and criticize hospitals constructively and to help bring about improvements in their general standards .
as a result of the first inquiry the hospital advisory service ( now the health advisory service ) was set up in 1969 to visit , [evaluate] and criticize hospitals constructively and to help bring about improvements in their general standards .

Finally , a good deal of inquiry is made at a local level by local authorities or local voluntary bodies attempting to assess a particular problem in the immediate area .
finally , a good deal of inquiry is made at a local level by local authorities or local voluntary bodies attempting to [evaluate] a particular problem in the immediate area .

At the same time we need increasing numbers of civil servants and local government officials to administer the services and social science research workers continually to investigate needs and assess the provision .
at the same time we need increasing numbers of civil servants and local government officials to administer the services and social science research workers continually to investigate needs and [evaluate] the provision .

These reports assess the situation for a particular service or type of trained staff and usually make recommendations for improving quality and supply .
these reports [evaluate] the situation for a particular service or type of trained staff and usually make recommendations for improving quality and supply .

Taking wings of it back on either side of her face , she anchored them with the combs and stood in front of the looking glass to assess the result .
taking wings of it back on either side of her face , she anchored them with the combs and stood in front of the looking glass to [evaluate] the result .

Analysis of variance and an unpaired t test were used to assess variables with a normal distribution , while χ 2 analysis was used for non-parametric dichotomous variables .
analysis of variance and an unpaired t test were used to [evaluate] variables with a normal distribution , while χ 2 analysis was used for non-parametric dichotomous variables .

To assess hypertension detected under 40 in a general practice population .
to [evaluate] hypertension detected under 40 in a general practice population .

There is little evidence from controlled trials in this age group from which to assess either the value of treatment with antihypertensive drugs or their cumulative risk when taken for a remaining lifetime of 60 years or more .
there is little evidence from controlled trials in this age group from which to [evaluate] either the value of treatment with antihypertensive drugs or their cumulative risk when taken for a remaining lifetime of 60 years or more .

Detection of mutations in malignant tumours to assess prognosis
detection of mutations in malignant tumours to [evaluate] prognosis

It behoves otolaryngology as a specialty to assess other measures of outcome for grommet insertion such as otalgia , recurrent otitis media , sleep disturbance , dysequilibrium , personality or behavioural changes , family disruption , or absence from school .
it behoves otolaryngology as a specialty to [evaluate] other measures of outcome for grommet insertion such as otalgia , recurrent otitis media , sleep disturbance , dysequilibrium , personality or behavioural changes , family disruption , or absence from school .

In other words , just as the poverty experienced by women has largely been obscured by household-based studies of income and expenditure , so we need also to examine the patterns of expenditure and consumption within care-giving households , in order to assess the full costs to informal carers .
in other words , just as the poverty experienced by women has largely been obscured by household-based studies of income and expenditure , so we need also to examine the patterns of expenditure and consumption within care-giving households , in order to [evaluate] the full costs to informal carers .

Using WinTach to assess the Dell 's Windows performance , it managed a crisp 9.12 — better than my own 33MHz 486 fitted with a pretty fast QVision card , which clocked in at 7.33 .
using wintach to [evaluate] the dell 's windows performance , it managed a crisp 9.12 — better than my own 33mhz 486 fitted with a pretty fast qvision card , which clocked in at 7.33 .

Newcastle-upon-Tyne City Council has been found guilty of maladministration leading to injustice by the ombudsman and must pay £1,250 compensation for failing to assess and design adaptations to the home of a disabled man .
newcastle-upon-tyne city council has been found guilty of maladministration leading to injustice by the ombudsman and must pay £1,250 compensation for failing to [evaluate] and design adaptations to the home of a disabled man .

Survey to assess adult mental illness
survey to [evaluate] adult mental illness

Obviously , the Maastricht mess has dogged this first year , so it is difficult to assess what impact , if any , the supposedly new caring Major and his cabinet have had on social policy .
obviously , the maastricht mess has dogged this first year , so it is difficult to [evaluate] what impact , if any , the supposedly new caring major and his cabinet have had on social policy .

The first step for those now wanting help with the costs of entering residential care is to ask social services to assess their needs — as was the case under the old sponsorship arrangements .
the first step for those now wanting help with the costs of entering residential care is to ask social services to [evaluate] their needs — as was the case under the old sponsorship arrangements .

Social workers wanting to assess the progress of children in their care look closely at the child 's placement .
social workers wanting to [evaluate] the progress of children in their care look closely at the child 's placement .

The initial trials quickly revealed how difficult it is to develop one set of forms which can be used to assess the progress of all children
the initial trials quickly revealed how difficult it is to develop one set of forms which can be used to [evaluate] the progress of all children

The initial trials quickly revealed how difficult it is to develop one set of forms which can be used to assess the progress of all children .
the initial trials quickly revealed how difficult it is to develop one set of forms which can be used to [evaluate] the progress of all children .

The project is addressing this by using the same forms to assess a comparison group of 400 children who have had no contact with social workers .
the project is addressing this by using the same forms to [evaluate] a comparison group of 400 children who have had no contact with social workers .

There are similar problems when using the forms to assess children in short-term or respite care .
there are similar problems when using the forms to [evaluate] children in short-term or respite care .

Our evidence suggests that a new approach to social stratification is required to assess health inequalities in childhood .
our evidence suggests that a new approach to social stratification is required to [evaluate] health inequalities in childhood .

Because of the potential importance of the association , as well as to overcome methodological limitations of the original study , we analysed data from a prospective study that allowed us to assess the association between dental disease and coronary heart disease .
because of the potential importance of the association , as well as to overcome methodological limitations of the original study , we analysed data from a prospective study that allowed us to [evaluate] the association between dental disease and coronary heart disease .

They were required to assess the importance of the 15 categories of information on a four point scale ( categories of essential , desirable , doubtful , and irrelevant ) .
they were required to [evaluate] the importance of the 15 categories of information on a four point scale ( categories of essential , desirable , doubtful , and irrelevant ) .

Although the categorisation of information from referral letters is somewhat arbitrary , the study has the advantage that the items which the two groups of doctors were asked to assess were taken from a sample of actual letters .
although the categorisation of information from referral letters is somewhat arbitrary , the study has the advantage that the items which the two groups of doctors were asked to [evaluate] were taken from a sample of actual letters .

To assess the effect of age the patients were divided into those equal to or under 45 and those over 45 .
to [evaluate] the effect of age the patients were divided into those equal to or under 45 and those over 45 .

To assess the relation between two risk factors for cervical neoplasia : smoking and infection with oncogenic human papillomavirus .
to [evaluate] the relation between two risk factors for cervical neoplasia : smoking and infection with oncogenic human papillomavirus .

Insertion of a ventilation tube in only one ear enabled us to assess this procedure both alone and in combination with adenoidectomy and adenotonsillectomy .
insertion of a ventilation tube in only one ear enabled us to [evaluate] this procedure both alone and in combination with adenoidectomy and adenotonsillectomy .

To assess incidence of and mortality from cancer in hypertensive patients taking atenolol , comparing the findings with two control populations and with hypertensive patients taking other drugs .
to [evaluate] incidence of and mortality from cancer in hypertensive patients taking atenolol , comparing the findings with two control populations and with hypertensive patients taking other drugs .

Nevertheless , our results should be interpreted cautiously as they are based on only three monitored fathers and it is not possible to assess reliably how many of the three leukaemias , if any , were caused by paternal preconceptual exposure to some occupational factor .
nevertheless , our results should be interpreted cautiously as they are based on only three monitored fathers and it is not possible to [evaluate] reliably how many of the three leukaemias , if any , were caused by paternal preconceptual exposure to some occupational factor .

To assess patient , doctor , practice , and process of care variables for their effect on glycaemic control in diabetes mellitus , and to quantify their relative effects .
to [evaluate] patient , doctor , practice , and process of care variables for their effect on glycaemic control in diabetes mellitus , and to quantify their relative effects .

Patients ' needs after discharge from hospital would be monitored ( separate arrangements would be made with the community health unit and hospital to assess referrals from those sources ) .
patients ' needs after discharge from hospital would be monitored ( separate arrangements would be made with the community health unit and hospital to [evaluate] referrals from those sources ) .

Doctors are often understandably reluctant on first encounter with a patient to obtain the detailed personal history necessary to assess his or her risk category .
doctors are often understandably reluctant on first encounter with a patient to obtain the detailed personal history necessary to [evaluate] his or her risk category .

Nurses and phlebotomists are more willing to comply with universal precautions than the medical profession , whose example may in the long term compromise the safety of other health care workers who are not in a position to assess the risk .
nurses and phlebotomists are more willing to comply with universal precautions than the medical profession , whose example may in the long term compromise the safety of other health care workers who are not in a position to [evaluate] the risk .

To assess the benefit : risk ratio for gangliosides the Spanish National Committee of Pharmacovigilance created a task force .
to [evaluate] the benefit : risk ratio for gangliosides the spanish national committee of pharmacovigilance created a task force .

Prior to attendance , the physical and mental health of the patient is carefully assessed by a consultant psychiatrist , who in addition will assess the level of care presently being provided to the patients and also , to a lesser extent , the physical and mental health and motivation of carers involved .
prior to attendance , the physical and mental health of the patient is carefully assessed by a consultant psychiatrist , who in addition will [evaluate] the level of care presently being provided to the patients and also , to a lesser extent , the physical and mental health and motivation of carers involved .

We rely on the interviewer/researchers to assess personal presentation whether it 's appropriate to the setting in which people are living .
we rely on the interviewer/researchers to [evaluate] personal presentation whether it 's appropriate to the setting in which people are living .

However , it is as yet too early to assess Nizan 's integration in the political sphere .
however , it is as yet too early to [evaluate] nizan 's integration in the political sphere .

It would consequently seem appropriate to examine the extent of Nizan 's personal involvement in cultural politics between 1927 and 1939 , and to assess the nature of his wide-ranging cultural production within the context of the highly charged political and cultural atmosphere of this specific historical moment .
it would consequently seem appropriate to examine the extent of nizan 's personal involvement in cultural politics between 1927 and 1939 , and to [evaluate] the nature of his wide-ranging cultural production within the context of the highly charged political and cultural atmosphere of this specific historical moment .

Before engaging in textual analysis , however , it is appropriate to examine the fundamental left-wing literary movement of the interwar period , socialist realism , and to assess the extent to which Nizan 's ideas on revolutionary literature were influenced by socialist realist theory and practice .
before engaging in textual analysis , however , it is appropriate to examine the fundamental left-wing literary movement of the interwar period , socialist realism , and to [evaluate] the extent to which nizan 's ideas on revolutionary literature were influenced by socialist realist theory and practice .

There is a recurrent failure not only to ground the subject fully in its historical context , but also to propose an adequate theoretical model by means of which to assess socialist realist literature .
there is a recurrent failure not only to ground the subject fully in its historical context , but also to propose an adequate theoretical model by means of which to [evaluate] socialist realist literature .

The starting point for any analysis must consequently be historical contextualisation of the national and international specificity of socialist realism , and elucidation of the criteria which are being used to assess the movement itself .
the starting point for any analysis must consequently be historical contextualisation of the national and international specificity of socialist realism , and elucidation of the criteria which are being used to [evaluate] the movement itself .

Nonetheless , hostility to socialist realism runs deep and it would seem appropriate and productive at this stage to examine briefly the more critical views of the practice of Stalinist socialist realism articulated quite dramatically by Georg Lukacs himself , in order to draw up another set of criteria by which to assess Nizan 's communist novels .
nonetheless , hostility to socialist realism runs deep and it would seem appropriate and productive at this stage to examine briefly the more critical views of the practice of stalinist socialist realism articulated quite dramatically by georg lukacs himself , in order to draw up another set of criteria by which to [evaluate] nizan 's communist novels .

Arguments over using the ‘ Jarman index ’ to assess demand for services and the method of payment have obscured the principle underlying the payments .
arguments over using the ‘ jarman index ’ to [evaluate] demand for services and the method of payment have obscured the principle underlying the payments .

The specialty reviews , for example , have to assess current and projected needs , define criteria for tertiary services , and advise on the most cost effective and clinically effective locations — all by the end of May .
the specialty reviews , for example , have to [evaluate] current and projected needs , define criteria for tertiary services , and advise on the most cost effective and clinically effective locations — all by the end of may .

We used double classification χ 2 testing to assess the significance of the differences in positivity for the patients with sarcoidosis and controls .
we used double classification χ 2 testing to [evaluate] the significance of the differences in positivity for the patients with sarcoidosis and controls .

To assess whether diagnostic imaging of pyloric stenosis has made a difference in rapidity of diagnosis , duration of pre-operative hydration , and length of stay in hospital .
to [evaluate] whether diagnostic imaging of pyloric stenosis has made a difference in rapidity of diagnosis , duration of pre-operative hydration , and length of stay in hospital .

If we are uncertain about its value and apply it mainly to assess its worth then it is research .
if we are uncertain about its value and apply it mainly to [evaluate] its worth then it is research .

Indeed , they had just finished a three month study , half funded by the hospital ‘ at a time when it did n't have a penny ’ to assess bed blocking on one medical/geriatric ward that had particular problems .
indeed , they had just finished a three month study , half funded by the hospital ‘ at a time when it did n't have a penny ’ to [evaluate] bed blocking on one medical/geriatric ward that had particular problems .

The doctor had helped assess the problem because she had a good relationship with her patient and had documented all her injuries .
the doctor had helped [evaluate] the problem because she had a good relationship with her patient and had documented all her injuries .

Decision makers need to assess the relative value for money of competing health care interventions .
decision makers need to [evaluate] the relative value for money of competing health care interventions .

This problem is likely to be encountered often by decision makers wishing to assess the methodological quality of published studies .
this problem is likely to be encountered often by decision makers wishing to [evaluate] the methodological quality of published studies .

Surely in this fictional consultation the child 's own general practitioner would be able to assess the child and administer inhaled or oral steroid as effectively , if not more effectively , than a busy house officer in a casualty department ?
surely in this fictional consultation the child 's own general practitioner would be able to [evaluate] the child and administer inhaled or oral steroid as effectively , if not more effectively , than a busy house officer in a casualty department ?

In order to assess the functions of the N-Oct 3 and N-Oct-5 proteins in gene transcription , we performed cotransfection experiments in HeLa cells .
in order to [evaluate] the functions of the n-oct 3 and n-oct-5 proteins in gene transcription , we performed cotransfection experiments in hela cells .

Last autumn the Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy Association and the National Sports Medicine Institute announced a joint project to assess the feasibility of screening athletes aged 15 to 30 for cardiac disease .
last autumn the hypertrophic cardiomyopathy association and the national sports medicine institute announced a joint project to [evaluate] the feasibility of screening athletes aged 15 to 30 for cardiac disease .

It will assess the value of a triage approach , using a questionnaire and then proceeding in selected subjects to clinical examination , electrocardiography , and two dimensional echocardiography .
it will [evaluate] the value of a triage approach , using a questionnaire and then proceeding in selected subjects to clinical examination , electrocardiography , and two dimensional echocardiography .

It will also assess other potentially detectable cardiac conditions that would place the athlete at increased risk .
it will also [evaluate] other potentially detectable cardiac conditions that would place the athlete at increased risk .

Our pilot project aims to assess the feasibility of identifying people at risk , nothing more .
our pilot project aims to [evaluate] the feasibility of identifying people at risk , nothing more .

Twenty six patients were given follow up appointments , either to assess treatment or to give the results of histological examination .
twenty six patients were given follow up appointments , either to [evaluate] treatment or to give the results of histological examination .

For example , it is essential to know exactly where each find was unearthed in order to assess whether the date of the finds can help to date the deposits in which they were found .
for example , it is essential to know exactly where each find was unearthed in order to [evaluate] whether the date of the finds can help to date the deposits in which they were found .

The interpretation of individual sites is then followed by that of the archaeology of a particular region , studying all the relevant sites and finds to assess how they relate to each other .
the interpretation of individual sites is then followed by that of the archaeology of a particular region , studying all the relevant sites and finds to [evaluate] how they relate to each other .

Many of these factors can be deduced or estimated from surviving archaeological evidence , but other factors — such as size of population , whether farming is only at subsistence level or is producing a surplus , and if so , how large a surplus — are much more difficult to assess .
many of these factors can be deduced or estimated from surviving archaeological evidence , but other factors — such as size of population , whether farming is only at subsistence level or is producing a surplus , and if so , how large a surplus — are much more difficult to [evaluate] .

By digging ditches and placing objects in them and in the surrounding soils , it is possible to assess how finds move and become mixed as the sides of the ditch weather and collapse inwards , carrying the finds with them .
by digging ditches and placing objects in them and in the surrounding soils , it is possible to [evaluate] how finds move and become mixed as the sides of the ditch weather and collapse inwards , carrying the finds with them .

We need now to assess the validity of this approach , to see whether it can be extended to other kinds of discourse , and to examine alternative approaches too .
we need now to [evaluate] the validity of this approach , to see whether it can be extended to other kinds of discourse , and to examine alternative approaches too .

How does the witness assess the amount of detail required ?
how does the witness [evaluate] the amount of detail required ?

We need now to turn our attention to existing exercises and activities for the language learner , and to assess the degree to which , by taking discoursal factors into account , they can help to develop effective communication .
we need now to turn our attention to existing exercises and activities for the language learner , and to [evaluate] the degree to which , by taking discoursal factors into account , they can help to develop effective communication .

Many students , teachers , educationalists , and examiners like to deal with things which can be classified as clearly right or wrong , and perhaps this is one reason why they have favoured an atomistic approach to foreign language learning , for communication is hard to assess , whereas isolated levels like grammar and vocabulary are much easier .
many students , teachers , educationalists , and examiners like to deal with things which can be classified as clearly right or wrong , and perhaps this is one reason why they have favoured an atomistic approach to foreign language learning , for communication is hard to [evaluate] , whereas isolated levels like grammar and vocabulary are much easier .

By then it was expected a set of scripts for that show would be available in rehearsal form for the Director to peruse , assess and add his contribution .
by then it was expected a set of scripts for that show would be available in rehearsal form for the director to peruse , [evaluate] and add his contribution .

Basically , you can assess ads at two stages : before or after they have been run in the media — ( 'pre-testing ' and ‘ post-testing ’ are the trade terms ) .
basically , you can [evaluate] ads at two stages : before or after they have been run in the media — ( 'pre-testing ' and ‘ post-testing ’ are the trade terms ) .

It has already been pointed out that one of the reasons for setting an advertising strategy is to assess the effectiveness of the advertisement .
it has already been pointed out that one of the reasons for setting an advertising strategy is to [evaluate] the effectiveness of the advertisement .

As applied to advertising , it can , in theory , be used to separate out from a product 's sales the effects of different aspects of marketing activity , so as to assess the contribution of advertising .
as applied to advertising , it can , in theory , be used to separate out from a product 's sales the effects of different aspects of marketing activity , so as to [evaluate] the contribution of advertising .

… Once this can be done , the ‘ model ’ of the market so created can be manipulated in order to try to assess the likely effect of different levels of advertising expenditure or different patterns of spending — heavy bursts or lighter-weight ‘ drip ’ patterns for example — on sales .
… once this can be done , the ‘ model ’ of the market so created can be manipulated in order to try to [evaluate] the likely effect of different levels of advertising expenditure or different patterns of spending — heavy bursts or lighter-weight ‘ drip ’ patterns for example — on sales .

Before this can be done , agency and client may agree to do some research to assess the likely consumer reaction to the commercial and to iron out any problems ( see Chapter 9 ) .
before this can be done , agency and client may agree to do some research to [evaluate] the likely consumer reaction to the commercial and to iron out any problems ( see chapter 9 ) .

‘ The emphasis is upon the need for the board to include among its members persons with the skills and experience required to assess the risk of early release .
‘ the emphasis is upon the need for the board to include among its members persons with the skills and experience required to [evaluate] the risk of early release .

The judge then went on to assess the damages at the figure of $ 200,000 , being an increase of 8 per cent .
the judge then went on to [evaluate] the damages at the figure of $ 200,000 , being an increase of 8 per cent .

They were required to choose one of three mortgage valuations ; a basic valuation to enable the society to assess the adequacy of the security offered , pursuant to the duty imposed on societies by section 13 ( 1 ) of the Act of 1986 , a copy of which would normally be provided for the borrower on payment of a fee ; a house buyers ' valuation containing a fuller report , for which the borrower paid a higher fee ; or a full structural survey .
they were required to choose one of three mortgage valuations ; a basic valuation to enable the society to [evaluate] the adequacy of the security offered , pursuant to the duty imposed on societies by section 13 ( 1 ) of the act of 1986 , a copy of which would normally be provided for the borrower on payment of a fee ; a house buyers ' valuation containing a fuller report , for which the borrower paid a higher fee ; or a full structural survey .

There is the basic valuation required to enable the society to assess the adequacy of the security offered pursuant to section 13 of the Building Societies Act 1986 .
there is the basic valuation required to enable the society to [evaluate] the adequacy of the security offered pursuant to section 13 of the building societies act 1986 .

In the case of the grant of a further advance , those procedures include all the steps necessary to assess the adequacy of the security offered for an advance .
in the case of the grant of a further advance , those procedures include all the steps necessary to [evaluate] the adequacy of the security offered for an advance .

The grounds on which the father relied were , inter alia , that ( 1 ) the justices heard evidence from which they could properly conclude that his costs had been incurred as a result of the actions and omissions of the local authority ; ( 2 ) as there was no machinery for taxation of costs the justices were correct to assess the amount of the costs ; ( 3 ) the father was entitled to his costs incurred in the Family Proceedings court to the extent allowable under the Legal Aid in Family Proceedings ( Remuneration ) Regulations 1991 and the justices were correct to hold that the actions of the local authority justified making the costs order which included the costs of the hearing on 27 and 28 January 1992 .
the grounds on which the father relied were , inter alia , that ( 1 ) the justices heard evidence from which they could properly conclude that his costs had been incurred as a result of the actions and omissions of the local authority ; ( 2 ) as there was no machinery for taxation of costs the justices were correct to [evaluate] the amount of the costs ; ( 3 ) the father was entitled to his costs incurred in the family proceedings court to the extent allowable under the legal aid in family proceedings ( remuneration ) regulations 1991 and the justices were correct to hold that the actions of the local authority justified making the costs order which included the costs of the hearing on 27 and 28 january 1992 .

In a case in which a solicitor is privately instructed , the solicitors would , of course , be able to assess the profit costs and if counsel had been engaged then , of course , the brief fee and other fees would have been agreed in advance of the hearing .
in a case in which a solicitor is privately instructed , the solicitors would , of course , be able to [evaluate] the profit costs and if counsel had been engaged then , of course , the brief fee and other fees would have been agreed in advance of the hearing .

She drifted helplessly along in calm water at just over three knots , making it virtually impossible to assess her sailing characteristics .
she drifted helplessly along in calm water at just over three knots , making it virtually impossible to [evaluate] her sailing characteristics .

How could they possibly assess the value of the trinkets being imported — suitcases and crates crammed with carpets , pictures , furniture , diamonds , strings of pearls , ruby rings , emerald earring , tiaras , silver money transfers -all most every rich person in the country suddenly want this of her money telexed to accounts in Switzerland , Paris London , New York , the Cayman Islands .
how could they possibly [evaluate] the value of the trinkets being imported — suitcases and crates crammed with carpets , pictures , furniture , diamonds , strings of pearls , ruby rings , emerald earring , tiaras , silver money transfers -all most every rich person in the country suddenly want this of her money telexed to accounts in switzerland , paris london , new york , the cayman islands .

So assess your finances , look at where you can make cuts in expenses .
so [evaluate] your finances , look at where you can make cuts in expenses .

It is difficult to assess whether Kollwitz intended to reach any particular market with a specific work because the bulk of information concerning her motives are confined to autobiographical writings .
it is difficult to [evaluate] whether kollwitz intended to reach any particular market with a specific work because the bulk of information concerning her motives are confined to autobiographical writings .

But how do you assess the risk ?
but how do you [evaluate] the risk ?

Indeed , the Big Book of Alcoholics Anonymous advises the unsure newcomer to try a sensible drinking programme in order to assess whether he or she is alcoholic or not .
indeed , the big book of alcoholics anonymous advises the unsure newcomer to try a sensible drinking programme in order to [evaluate] whether he or she is alcoholic or not .

Sometimes this may be difficult to assess , particularly when there may be psychiatric or behavioural problems distinct from addictive disease .
sometimes this may be difficult to [evaluate] , particularly when there may be psychiatric or behavioural problems distinct from addictive disease .

To estimate drift , just assess your wind angle .
to estimate drift , just [evaluate] your wind angle .

In general , the 2000 ft wind would be used to assess this .
in general , the 2000 ft wind would be used to [evaluate] this .

Others would discuss the question of how many agnolini , small , stuffed pasta envelopes , a man could eat , or assess the quality of the wine .
others would discuss the question of how many agnolini , small , stuffed pasta envelopes , a man could eat , or [evaluate] the quality of the wine .

The idea behind the launch this autumn of the new Certificate in Management is to allow employers to reduce difficult to assess abilities to a tangible level .
the idea behind the launch this autumn of the new certificate in management is to allow employers to reduce difficult to [evaluate] abilities to a tangible level .

One problem in analysing party programmes derives from the fact that there is no unambiguous index by which one can assess the extent of `` real `` choice between them .
one problem in analysing party programmes derives from the fact that there is no unambiguous index by which one can [evaluate] the extent of `` real `` choice between them .

Moreover , the `` floating `` voters — those who were not in total agreement with any party — would stand above the party battle and would carefully assess the rival policy packages on offer before casting an informed vote , affecting the swing , and determining which party would form the next government .
moreover , the `` floating `` voters — those who were not in total agreement with any party — would stand above the party battle and would carefully [evaluate] the rival policy packages on offer before casting an informed vote , affecting the swing , and determining which party would form the next government .

In fact , they share assumptions and limitations in common with the theories they reject , and differ only in the way in which they assess the worth of British democracy in the context of changed economic circumstances .
in fact , they share assumptions and limitations in common with the theories they reject , and differ only in the way in which they [evaluate] the worth of british democracy in the context of changed economic circumstances .

The problems start , however , once we move on to consider just what rights should be included in any Bill ; once we consider the difficulties of implementation ; and once we assess the implications of any such legally enforced code and written constitution for the functioning of our system especially as these things involve the position of the elected government and the judges .
the problems start , however , once we move on to consider just what rights should be included in any bill ; once we consider the difficulties of implementation ; and once we [evaluate] the implications of any such legally enforced code and written constitution for the functioning of our system especially as these things involve the position of the elected government and the judges .

It will be important for marketers to assess the experience of customers with their particular products in case it possesses some unsatisfactory performance or operating characteristic to which customers will eventually build up resistance .
it will be important for marketers to [evaluate] the experience of customers with their particular products in case it possesses some unsatisfactory performance or operating characteristic to which customers will eventually build up resistance .

Market research should assess consumer satisfaction , whilst consumer likes and preferences that stem from use or consumption of the product should be fed back into the advertising , promotion and product differentiation that are important inputs at the information search and evaluation of alternatives stages in the model .
market research should [evaluate] consumer satisfaction , whilst consumer likes and preferences that stem from use or consumption of the product should be fed back into the advertising , promotion and product differentiation that are important inputs at the information search and evaluation of alternatives stages in the model .

The development value of St. Andrews square bus station is extremely difficult to assess because in the last year alone commercial property values in the centre of Edinburgh have literally doubled .
the development value of st. andrews square bus station is extremely difficult to [evaluate] because in the last year alone commercial property values in the centre of edinburgh have literally doubled .

One needs a calculation like table 5.2 to assess how long the delay in the next technological leap needs to be to make one 's cost-leadership policy worthwhile .
one needs a calculation like table 5.2 to [evaluate] how long the delay in the next technological leap needs to be to make one 's cost-leadership policy worthwhile .

The company began its financial appraisal of such questions by trying to assess the actual ‘ cost of quality ’ across all activities .
the company began its financial appraisal of such questions by trying to [evaluate] the actual ‘ cost of quality ’ across all activities .

For example , no attempt was made to assess the cost of a poor delivery performance in terms of lost sales , or the extra costs necessary to ensure a delivery performance consistent with a desired sales level .
for example , no attempt was made to [evaluate] the cost of a poor delivery performance in terms of lost sales , or the extra costs necessary to ensure a delivery performance consistent with a desired sales level .

It follows that , if the Japanese do incorporate imputed interest charges , they are obviously trying to assess whether the cash inflows are sufficient to meet all claims upon them , including the yields required by shareholders .
it follows that , if the japanese do incorporate imputed interest charges , they are obviously trying to [evaluate] whether the cash inflows are sufficient to meet all claims upon them , including the yields required by shareholders .

All we really claim is that such models may be useful in helping managers assess how much the value of the firm might be increased through investment in alternative locations on the portfolio grid .
all we really claim is that such models may be useful in helping managers [evaluate] how much the value of the firm might be increased through investment in alternative locations on the portfolio grid .

For Quinn-style top managers trying to assess current schemas and what steps to take , the less directive Guba and Lincoln approach may raise fewer expectations and prevent a premature confrontation .
for quinn-style top managers trying to [evaluate] current schemas and what steps to take , the less directive guba and lincoln approach may raise fewer expectations and prevent a premature confrontation .

Chen saw how the man came across , wary of Karr , eyeing the big man up and down as if to assess how much trouble he might be .
chen saw how the man came across , wary of karr , eyeing the big man up and down as if to [evaluate] how much trouble he might be .

The relative importance of the three processes by which the habit could have spread ( spontaneous discovery , imitation , and learning from already opened bottles ) is more difficult to assess .
the relative importance of the three processes by which the habit could have spread ( spontaneous discovery , imitation , and learning from already opened bottles ) is more difficult to [evaluate] .

It is difficult to assess the incidence of abortion .
it is difficult to [evaluate] the incidence of abortion .

It is also difficult to assess the quality of husband/wife relationships .
it is also difficult to [evaluate] the quality of husband/wife relationships .

The extent to which the medical prescriptions regarding women 's role were mediated and/or resisted by middle class women is difficult to assess , but it would be wrong to characterise women simply as victims either in their relationship with their physicians or in respect to theories of sexual difference generally .
the extent to which the medical prescriptions regarding women 's role were mediated and/or resisted by middle class women is difficult to [evaluate] , but it would be wrong to characterise women simply as victims either in their relationship with their physicians or in respect to theories of sexual difference generally .

Emma had actually named the baby , reeling off name after name , pausing to assess their merits , recommending , persuading , until at last to stop her , ’ Rachaela assented .
emma had actually named the baby , reeling off name after name , pausing to [evaluate] their merits , recommending , persuading , until at last to stop her , ’ rachaela assented .

However the United Kingdom courts have recently insisted upon more evidentiary support for discretionary decisions , and exhibited a greater willingness to assess the cogency of the reasoning therein .
however the united kingdom courts have recently insisted upon more evidentiary support for discretionary decisions , and exhibited a greater willingness to [evaluate] the cogency of the reasoning therein .

— Systems Analysts ( to assess potential applications )
— systems analysts ( to [evaluate] potential applications )

If the current position of any one product is plotted correctly on its life-cycle , then it is possible to assess the potential growth of sales , or the degree to which prices should be allowed to soften in order to maintain the market share , or whether the product should be superseded by another .
if the current position of any one product is plotted correctly on its life-cycle , then it is possible to [evaluate] the potential growth of sales , or the degree to which prices should be allowed to soften in order to maintain the market share , or whether the product should be superseded by another .

This brings us on to the question of how do organizations assess the effectiveness of their advertising ?
this brings us on to the question of how do organizations [evaluate] the effectiveness of their advertising ?

It is extremely difficult to assess the impact of advertising on sales as a whole , because so many other factors , internal and external , are at work in the marketing process of an organization .
it is extremely difficult to [evaluate] the impact of advertising on sales as a whole , because so many other factors , internal and external , are at work in the marketing process of an organization .

It is easier to assess the impact of specific advertising campaigns on sales in specific product areas .
it is easier to [evaluate] the impact of specific advertising campaigns on sales in specific product areas .

Like any other aspect of management , if marketing activities can be made measurable , then it is much easier to assess their effectiveness in achieving their objectives .
like any other aspect of management , if marketing activities can be made measurable , then it is much easier to [evaluate] their effectiveness in achieving their objectives .

by gaining familiarity with one or more segments , he is more likely to be able to assess the response from them , which is an invaluable asset for planning purposes .
by gaining familiarity with one or more segments , he is more likely to be able to [evaluate] the response from them , which is an invaluable asset for planning purposes .

These people now face annual medical inspection for the rest of their lives to assess what the radiation may have bequeathed to them in terms of a legacy of cancer or birth defects .
these people now face annual medical inspection for the rest of their lives to [evaluate] what the radiation may have bequeathed to them in terms of a legacy of cancer or birth defects .

What the public and governments have to assess is the need for nuclear energy versus the risk of another Chernobyl-type accident .
what the public and governments have to [evaluate] is the need for nuclear energy versus the risk of another chernobyl-type accident .

Such models not only allow various emission control programmes to be examined for existing pollution sources , but also can assess the likely impact of new pollution sources .
such models not only allow various emission control programmes to be examined for existing pollution sources , but also can [evaluate] the likely impact of new pollution sources .

More elaborate models as outlined by Gross ( 1982 ) are able to assess the consequences of proposed land-use and transportation policies ( figure 7.2 ) .
more elaborate models as outlined by gross ( 1982 ) are able to [evaluate] the consequences of proposed land-use and transportation policies ( figure 7.2 ) .

a clear view of their objectives and means to assess and , wherever possible , measure outputs or performance in relation to those objectives ;
a clear view of their objectives and means to [evaluate] and , wherever possible , measure outputs or performance in relation to those objectives ;

The 1980 Act , however , which introduced the block grant ( see p. 162 ) , allowed the government to assess how much each authority needs to spend and to allocate grant in terms of how far those assessments were breached .
the 1980 act , however , which introduced the block grant ( see p. 162 ) , allowed the government to [evaluate] how much each authority needs to spend and to allocate grant in terms of how far those assessments were breached .

But the training that had been such a part of his life , the long hours of studying the Twelve Books of Honour for entry into the Fiana at the age of eleven ; the days and the weeks spent schooling his mind so that all situations could be calmly appraised , came to his aid and , at length , exhausted and drained , Fergus began to look about him and assess this strange , out-of-the-world fortress .
but the training that had been such a part of his life , the long hours of studying the twelve books of honour for entry into the fiana at the age of eleven ; the days and the weeks spent schooling his mind so that all situations could be calmly appraised , came to his aid and , at length , exhausted and drained , fergus began to look about him and [evaluate] this strange , out-of-the-world fortress .

And then , because it was inherent in his nature to question and appraise and assess , he continued his exploration of the threads of knowledge he possessed about the Prison .
and then , because it was inherent in his nature to question and appraise and [evaluate] , he continued his exploration of the threads of knowledge he possessed about the prison .

It is obvious from our previous discussion that when we come to assess the utility of Marxist explanations of power and the state , we have to be careful to differentiate between instrumental and structuralist accounts .
it is obvious from our previous discussion that when we come to [evaluate] the utility of marxist explanations of power and the state , we have to be careful to differentiate between instrumental and structuralist accounts .

For some teachers , problems arose when they sought to reconcile this expectation with their simultaneous sense of obligation to monitor , diagnose , assess and interact at the level of the individual child .
for some teachers , problems arose when they sought to reconcile this expectation with their simultaneous sense of obligation to monitor , diagnose , [evaluate] and interact at the level of the individual child .

And how do we assess it ?
and how do we [evaluate] it ?

to assess the relation between
to [evaluate] the relation between

Try to assess the general state of repair — look for signs of damp as well as cracks in walls and ceilings .
try to [evaluate] the general state of repair — look for signs of damp as well as cracks in walls and ceilings .

Ask to see the previous year 's bills so you can assess the running costs .
ask to see the previous year 's bills so you can [evaluate] the running costs .

Try to assess the state of repair of the outside of the property on a scale of one to 10 .
try to [evaluate] the state of repair of the outside of the property on a scale of one to 10 .

Inside , assess the repair and also the size of the rooms .
inside , [evaluate] the repair and also the size of the rooms .

Also , assess the general area and facilities .
also , [evaluate] the general area and facilities .

Assess the direction first
[evaluate] the direction first

Once you have anticipated the direction , you now assess the distance of putt , plus the relevant allowances for upslopes , downslopes and speed of the putting surface .
once you have anticipated the direction , you now [evaluate] the distance of putt , plus the relevant allowances for upslopes , downslopes and speed of the putting surface .

He was my foursomes partner for a few years in international golf and there is no better way to assess another 's playing ability .
he was my foursomes partner for a few years in international golf and there is no better way to [evaluate] another 's playing ability .

Five sites were chosen for detailed case studies , but the Loughborough team also undertook a number of issue-based studies to assess the effectiveness of inter-agency collaboration .
five sites were chosen for detailed case studies , but the loughborough team also undertook a number of issue-based studies to [evaluate] the effectiveness of inter-agency collaboration .

The aim of this chapter is to assess the achievements of the Conservatives ' years in office .
the aim of this chapter is to [evaluate] the achievements of the conservatives ' years in office .

It 's hard to assess how well members of trade associations meet their own standards .
it 's hard to [evaluate] how well members of trade associations meet their own standards .

Aimed at the amateur , it begins by offering advice on how to assess a building for any structural failures followed by a step-by-step guide to the most common problems you are likely to encounter , including how to repair walls and roofs , dealing with damp and choosing doors and windows to suit the style of the property .
aimed at the amateur , it begins by offering advice on how to [evaluate] a building for any structural failures followed by a step-by-step guide to the most common problems you are likely to encounter , including how to repair walls and roofs , dealing with damp and choosing doors and windows to suit the style of the property .

An efficient maximum/minimum thermometer is essential for keeping a check on the heating and to assess whether ventilation and shading are adequate to keep day temperatures down to a reasonable level .
an efficient maximum/minimum thermometer is essential for keeping a check on the heating and to [evaluate] whether ventilation and shading are adequate to keep day temperatures down to a reasonable level .

However careful or expert you are , other people can still injure you , so if you want to be a pregnant skier , ask your doctor/specialist and then assess the risk — holiday vs baby .
however careful or expert you are , other people can still injure you , so if you want to be a pregnant skier , ask your doctor/specialist and then [evaluate] the risk — holiday vs baby .

During the event , extensive water quality samples were taken to assess the degree of pollution .
during the event , extensive water quality samples were taken to [evaluate] the degree of pollution .

Have we identified specialists in the main areas to assess the implications for the authority of the proposals ?
have we identified specialists in the main areas to [evaluate] the implications for the authority of the proposals ?

Your local health authority will assess the state of the health of the local population , and decide what services are needed .
your local health authority will [evaluate] the state of the health of the local population , and decide what services are needed .

For yacht holidays , please assess the descriptions below against the sailing experience of your party .
for yacht holidays , please [evaluate] the descriptions below against the sailing experience of your party .

It has not been possible , in the time available , to assess entitlement to special relief .
it has not been possible , in the time available , to [evaluate] entitlement to special relief .

His data bank should be invaluable in attempting to assess the following factors in relation to new product development activity .
his data bank should be invaluable in attempting to [evaluate] the following factors in relation to new product development activity .

In this way , the audit staff can assess whether the initial appraisal was suitable thorough .
in this way , the audit staff can [evaluate] whether the initial appraisal was suitable thorough .

‘ The credit grantor not only requires confirmation of the existing loan commitments of a business prospect ; he also needs details of previous repayment patterns in order to assess how a commercial borrower is likely to cope with his own repayment structure .
‘ the credit grantor not only requires confirmation of the existing loan commitments of a business prospect ; he also needs details of previous repayment patterns in order to [evaluate] how a commercial borrower is likely to cope with his own repayment structure .

Elsewhere there were surveys to assess how wildlife interest had been affected , lichens were artificially transferred from fallen to standing trees and recommendations were made for safeguarding invertebrates .
elsewhere there were surveys to [evaluate] how wildlife interest had been affected , lichens were artificially transferred from fallen to standing trees and recommendations were made for safeguarding invertebrates .

Child Consultants , independent educational psychologists , have recently produced the ‘ Scholarcheck ’ test to assess children 's achievements in reading , spelling and maths , in relation to their age and to the National Curriculum .
child consultants , independent educational psychologists , have recently produced the ‘ scholarcheck ’ test to [evaluate] children 's achievements in reading , spelling and maths , in relation to their age and to the national curriculum .

Economic trends and population projections may be evaluated to assess the future position of Green Belts , and whether any of the growth of modern light industry and offices may again be diverted to areas of types we now mention .
economic trends and population projections may be evaluated to [evaluate] the future position of green belts , and whether any of the growth of modern light industry and offices may again be diverted to areas of types we now mention .

The purpose of the remainder of this chapter is to analyse the changing structure and composition of the national population , assess the principal dimensions of population redistribution , and examine the impact which both these sources of change are having on the geography of Britain .
the purpose of the remainder of this chapter is to analyse the changing structure and composition of the national population , [evaluate] the principal dimensions of population redistribution , and examine the impact which both these sources of change are having on the geography of britain .

What distinguished eugenists from Farr and his colleagues were the laws and theoretical concepts used to assess the population .
what distinguished eugenists from farr and his colleagues were the laws and theoretical concepts used to [evaluate] the population .

1.5 It proved very difficult to assess in how many other initial training courses there was explicit language work .
1.5 it proved very difficult to [evaluate] in how many other initial training courses there was explicit language work .

The desire for integration , referred to above , has produced a widespread model which is very difficult to assess from outside .
the desire for integration , referred to above , has produced a widespread model which is very difficult to [evaluate] from outside .

At the end of each morning , teacher and students meet together to assess what has occurred , and plan future sessions .
at the end of each morning , teacher and students meet together to [evaluate] what has occurred , and plan future sessions .

In any attempt to assess and understand the use and function , the economic and social benefits of community languages in the restricted domains of the work place and in the public services i.e .
in any attempt to [evaluate] and understand the use and function , the economic and social benefits of community languages in the restricted domains of the work place and in the public services i.e .

1 to select , train and assess others to practice as interpreters in the context of the public services to at least the level required by the Institute of Linguists Certificate in Community Interpreting ;
1 to select , train and [evaluate] others to practice as interpreters in the context of the public services to at least the level required by the institute of linguists certificate in community interpreting ;

In order to implement the recommendations , it was suggested that development plans in urban areas should be supplemented by transportation plans , which would assess the main movement needs in the future and show how these would be shared by various forms of transport , including the car .
in order to implement the recommendations , it was suggested that development plans in urban areas should be supplemented by transportation plans , which would [evaluate] the main movement needs in the future and show how these would be shared by various forms of transport , including the car .

‘ You 're both here to assess and observe , ’ said Rohmer .
‘ you 're both here to [evaluate] and observe , ’ said rohmer .

It is a time when we can take a deep breath , assess where we are and make a start on our anticipatory mourning for our fate .
it is a time when we can take a deep breath , [evaluate] where we are and make a start on our anticipatory mourning for our fate .

When we have left behind the turbulence of adolescence and shed some of the more harrowing demands of responsibility for making careers and caring for the next generation , we may seek opportunities to assess our lives and face its later stages with some serenity .
when we have left behind the turbulence of adolescence and shed some of the more harrowing demands of responsibility for making careers and caring for the next generation , we may seek opportunities to [evaluate] our lives and face its later stages with some serenity .

We can reach for the tape measure or stopwatch to see if a standard has been reached ; but we turn to our inner judgement to assess the quality .
we can reach for the tape measure or stopwatch to see if a standard has been reached ; but we turn to our inner judgement to [evaluate] the quality .

We can , for example , assess the degree to which a form of thought incorporates an element of self-reflection .
we can , for example , [evaluate] the degree to which a form of thought incorporates an element of self-reflection .

Students have to show that they understand what has been learned so deeply that they are able to look down on it and assess it critically for themselves .
students have to show that they understand what has been learned so deeply that they are able to look down on it and [evaluate] it critically for themselves .

The lack of suitable evidence renders Storr 's career , like that of so many contemporaries in the smaller industries , difficult to assess .
the lack of suitable evidence renders storr 's career , like that of so many contemporaries in the smaller industries , difficult to [evaluate] .

Soon afterwards he was asked to assess a new process , the production of caustic soda and chlorine by the electrolysis of brine .
soon afterwards he was asked to [evaluate] a new process , the production of caustic soda and chlorine by the electrolysis of brine .

’ This would probably have been sufficient to enable the courts to assess the performance as a whole , but the Bill was nevertheless further amended in the House of Lords so that both expressions now appear .
’ this would probably have been sufficient to enable the courts to [evaluate] the performance as a whole , but the bill was nevertheless further amended in the house of lords so that both expressions now appear .

It is then a relatively simple matter to assess the flow required down the watercourse .
it is then a relatively simple matter to [evaluate] the flow required down the watercourse .

The difficulty was that there was a naval lieutenant in charge of the tow and he refused absolutely to let any officer of the Chilean Navy on to the Santa Maria del Sud to assess the damage .
the difficulty was that there was a naval lieutenant in charge of the tow and he refused absolutely to let any officer of the chilean navy on to the santa maria del sud to [evaluate] the damage .

It is difficult to assess the real impact of these activities on actual policy formulation , but it seems clear that the activities of the preparatory committees at least were thorough and significant , and to some extent taken seriously by the party and government ( Lane , 1985 , pp .
it is difficult to [evaluate] the real impact of these activities on actual policy formulation , but it seems clear that the activities of the preparatory committees at least were thorough and significant , and to some extent taken seriously by the party and government ( lane , 1985 , pp .

In particular , we need to assess the relevance of realism and liberal pluralism ( outlined in chapter 20 ) to three key processes identifiable in contemporary global politics — globalization , integration and fragmentation .
in particular , we need to [evaluate] the relevance of realism and liberal pluralism ( outlined in chapter 20 ) to three key processes identifiable in contemporary global politics — globalization , integration and fragmentation .

These processes must be analysed if we are to gain understanding of global politics and to assess the relationship between global and domestic political systems .
these processes must be analysed if we are to gain understanding of global politics and to [evaluate] the relationship between global and domestic political systems .

This is not to say that nationalized industries might not be capable of earning enough revenues to pay that debt ( far from it ) but that the Government will not need a published balance sheet to assess financial viability .
this is not to say that nationalized industries might not be capable of earning enough revenues to pay that debt ( far from it ) but that the government will not need a published balance sheet to [evaluate] financial viability .

An examination to assess whether programmes or projects undertaken to meet established policy goals or objectives have met these aims .
an examination to [evaluate] whether programmes or projects undertaken to meet established policy goals or objectives have met these aims .

The auditor should ascertain the audited body 's system of recording and processing transactions and assess its adequacy as a basis for the preparation of financial statements .
the auditor should ascertain the audited body 's system of recording and processing transactions and [evaluate] its adequacy as a basis for the preparation of financial statements .

The first grading is very important , since it gives the sensei the opportunity to assess how each new student performs under examination conditions .
the first grading is very important , since it gives the sensei the opportunity to [evaluate] how each new student performs under examination conditions .

The need to assess the likelihood of possible future changes in the climates of the world provides a strong reason for encouraging research on these problems , and is reinforced by the recognition that human activities are developing towards a scale from which significant effects on world climate might arise within the next century … No purely theoretical studies of world climate can properly achieve their objectives without an adequate base in observational data .
the need to [evaluate] the likelihood of possible future changes in the climates of the world provides a strong reason for encouraging research on these problems , and is reinforced by the recognition that human activities are developing towards a scale from which significant effects on world climate might arise within the next century … no purely theoretical studies of world climate can properly achieve their objectives without an adequate base in observational data .

To measure or assess processes there has to be a strategy adopted for sampling from what is an infinite population .
to measure or [evaluate] processes there has to be a strategy adopted for sampling from what is an infinite population .

The primary intention of this chapter is to assess the Soviet strategy of military denial in the Third World in relation to the forms of military alignment outlined above .
the primary intention of this chapter is to [evaluate] the soviet strategy of military denial in the third world in relation to the forms of military alignment outlined above .

Yet there are a number of other landforms in the formation of which the relative importance of past and present processes is difficult to assess .
yet there are a number of other landforms in the formation of which the relative importance of past and present processes is difficult to [evaluate] .

The researchers used control groups from amongst the workers to assess the effect upon productivity of such variations .
the researchers used control groups from amongst the workers to [evaluate] the effect upon productivity of such variations .

The assumption is that it is much more difficult to assess the work of a public manager than it is of a private sector counterpart .
the assumption is that it is much more difficult to [evaluate] the work of a public manager than it is of a private sector counterpart .

management has the time and the expertise to assess individual performance ;
management has the time and the expertise to [evaluate] individual performance ;

Another problem is that of trying to assess performance when there may be no tangible product to measure .
another problem is that of trying to [evaluate] performance when there may be no tangible product to measure .

In so doing , we will look at two approaches to decision making — the rational and the incremental models — and assess their suitability to modern public sector organisations .
in so doing , we will look at two approaches to decision making — the rational and the incremental models — and [evaluate] their suitability to modern public sector organisations .

As we shall see in later chapters the public sector is making increasing use of performance indicators in order to assess the effect of policies .
as we shall see in later chapters the public sector is making increasing use of performance indicators in order to [evaluate] the effect of policies .

Similarly , administrators may not have the open-mindedness , breadth of imagination , intellectual or organisational resources , or the time to generate the full range of alternative courses of action and assess their implications .
similarly , administrators may not have the open-mindedness , breadth of imagination , intellectual or organisational resources , or the time to generate the full range of alternative courses of action and [evaluate] their implications .

a system in which managers at all levels have ( a ) a clear view of their objectives ; and means to assess and wherever possible measure outputs and performance in relation to those objectives ; ( b ) well-defined responsibility for making the best use of their resources , including a critical scrutiny of the output and value for money ; and ( c ) the information ( particularly about costs ) , the training and the access to expert advice which they need to exercise their responsibilities effectively .
a system in which managers at all levels have ( a ) a clear view of their objectives ; and means to [evaluate] and wherever possible measure outputs and performance in relation to those objectives ; ( b ) well-defined responsibility for making the best use of their resources , including a critical scrutiny of the output and value for money ; and ( c ) the information ( particularly about costs ) , the training and the access to expert advice which they need to exercise their responsibilities effectively .

because of the isolation of the various departments whilst preparing the budgets , there was little co-ordination , and little prioritisation of bids for new expenditure , and no attempt to assess the overall impact of the individual estimates of the departments .
because of the isolation of the various departments whilst preparing the budgets , there was little co-ordination , and little prioritisation of bids for new expenditure , and no attempt to [evaluate] the overall impact of the individual estimates of the departments .

Far too much scholarly energy has been wasted in trying to assess what would have happened to industrialization without the railways .
far too much scholarly energy has been wasted in trying to [evaluate] what would have happened to industrialization without the railways .

The solution they adopted was to assess , in respect of each category of problems identified , what would constitute ‘ … a risk of substantial loss or disadvantage which would be important for the individual concerned .
the solution they adopted was to [evaluate] , in respect of each category of problems identified , what would constitute ‘ … a risk of substantial loss or disadvantage which would be important for the individual concerned .

Advertising campaigns have been sporadic and their effect is extremely difficult to assess .
advertising campaigns have been sporadic and their effect is extremely difficult to [evaluate] .

The defendant , however , may well be in a much better position to assess liability , because insurance companies are often able to anticipate possible claims and have considerable resources available to investigate the circumstances of an accident fairly soon after its occurrence .
the defendant , however , may well be in a much better position to [evaluate] liability , because insurance companies are often able to anticipate possible claims and have considerable resources available to investigate the circumstances of an accident fairly soon after its occurrence .

Undoubtedly many further proposals will be made for the use of forms of alternative dispute resolution in which case it will be important to assess their strengths and weaknesses on the basis of proper and specific evidence , if possible , and not rely upon anecdotal evidence or assumed propositions , in particular in relation to cost .
undoubtedly many further proposals will be made for the use of forms of alternative dispute resolution in which case it will be important to [evaluate] their strengths and weaknesses on the basis of proper and specific evidence , if possible , and not rely upon anecdotal evidence or assumed propositions , in particular in relation to cost .

The local authorities are expected to assess and identify the combination of services that best suits the needs and circumstances of an individual , and to monitor the quality of care provided and to review matters from time to time .
the local authorities are expected to [evaluate] and identify the combination of services that best suits the needs and circumstances of an individual , and to monitor the quality of care provided and to review matters from time to time .

However , she also found wide variation in the extent to which different social workers used the referral either to assess for a specific resource or to undertake a more general assessment of need and circumstances .
however , she also found wide variation in the extent to which different social workers used the referral either to [evaluate] for a specific resource or to undertake a more general assessment of need and circumstances .

relatively under-developed application of the concept of risk in relation to older people and consequent low levels of ability to identify and assess risk in general , and abuse in particular .
relatively under-developed application of the concept of risk in relation to older people and consequent low levels of ability to identify and [evaluate] risk in general , and abuse in particular .

In fact , the process of assessment requires of the practitioner the ability to apply a range of knowledge and theory , to formulate information in the light of knowledge and theory , to summarize , prioritize , analyse , make predictions , and to exercise the professional judgements necessary to balance competing imperatives and to assess risk .
in fact , the process of assessment requires of the practitioner the ability to apply a range of knowledge and theory , to formulate information in the light of knowledge and theory , to summarize , prioritize , analyse , make predictions , and to exercise the professional judgements necessary to balance competing imperatives and to [evaluate] risk .

There is agreement , certainly in the mental health field ( Huxley , 1991a ) that case management works best when its purpose is clearly articulated in the form of service goals ; the outcome measures used actually assess progress in these target areas ; the theoretical model and content of the programme are consistent with the service goals ; and case management is focused on a narrowly defined target group of those most in need .
there is agreement , certainly in the mental health field ( huxley , 1991a ) that case management works best when its purpose is clearly articulated in the form of service goals ; the outcome measures used actually [evaluate] progress in these target areas ; the theoretical model and content of the programme are consistent with the service goals ; and case management is focused on a narrowly defined target group of those most in need .

[ t ] o introduce the Care Programme Approach to people who are referred to the specialist psychiatric services . Systematic arrangements will be made to assess , provide for and review the health and social care needs of people with a mental illness who would benefit from support and treatment in the community ( Coventry )
[ t ] o introduce the care programme approach to people who are referred to the specialist psychiatric services . systematic arrangements will be made to [evaluate] , provide for and review the health and social care needs of people with a mental illness who would benefit from support and treatment in the community ( coventry )

Future research in this field should also attempt to assess attributions before the more chronic and severe symptoms set in .
future research in this field should also attempt to [evaluate] attributions before the more chronic and severe symptoms set in .

Some of these areas were impossible to assess accurately as staff shopped , cooked , and managed finances for many residents , therefore estimates of their skills were unclear — e.g .
some of these areas were impossible to [evaluate] accurately as staff shopped , cooked , and managed finances for many residents , therefore estimates of their skills were unclear — e.g .

Russell attempted to assess in a number of different ways the impact of wife rape on the victims in her survey .
russell attempted to [evaluate] in a number of different ways the impact of wife rape on the victims in her survey .

Assess the level of management skills amongst specialist and trade contractors in order to determine the Institute 's role in developing these.PS
[evaluate] the level of management skills amongst specialist and trade contractors in order to determine the institute 's role in developing these.ps

The survey was designed to gain staff opinion on the design and content of the publication — which is sent to every member of staff — and to assess interest in proposed news features .
the survey was designed to gain staff opinion on the design and content of the publication — which is sent to every member of staff — and to [evaluate] interest in proposed news features .

These councils would assess local needs , contribute to local service plans within the overall strategic plan and monitor local service provision .
these councils would [evaluate] local needs , contribute to local service plans within the overall strategic plan and monitor local service provision .

The first step involves someone talking with you , and perhaps your carer , to identify and understand your needs so that we can provide services best suited to you . You can ask any of the following to assess your Community Care needs :
the first step involves someone talking with you , and perhaps your carer , to identify and understand your needs so that we can provide services best suited to you . you can ask any of the following to [evaluate] your community care needs :

3.2 In seeking to apply this definition , it is recognised that , while some forms of violence such as physical assault or explicit threats are easily identified , others such as verbal abuse are more difficult to assess .
3.2 in seeking to apply this definition , it is recognised that , while some forms of violence such as physical assault or explicit threats are easily identified , others such as verbal abuse are more difficult to [evaluate] .

Workplace managers should accompany the safety representatives on these inspections and take the opportunity to assess and review security arrangements .
workplace managers should accompany the safety representatives on these inspections and take the opportunity to [evaluate] and review security arrangements .

The local Social Work Centre or Hospital Social Worker will be able to help you assess your needs and give advice on what support may be arranged ( see back page for addresses and telephone numbers ) .
the local social work centre or hospital social worker will be able to help you [evaluate] your needs and give advice on what support may be arranged ( see back page for addresses and telephone numbers ) .

Assess the scale of the problem in other eligible areas .
[evaluate] the scale of the problem in other eligible areas .

In 1937 , a series of mass demonstrations in the oil industry had ushered in a period of severe labour unrest throughout the West Indies and this had led to the setting up of a Royal Commission , under Lord Moyne , to assess the social conditions on the islands .
in 1937 , a series of mass demonstrations in the oil industry had ushered in a period of severe labour unrest throughout the west indies and this had led to the setting up of a royal commission , under lord moyne , to [evaluate] the social conditions on the islands .

This would then help MPAs and the Regional Aggregates Working Parties better assess the true environmental carrying capacity of their areas .
this would then help mpas and the regional aggregates working parties better [evaluate] the true environmental carrying capacity of their areas .

We welcome the proposal to reduce the statutory time limit on all existing and future permissions which we believe is essential if minerals operations are to be brought up to and maintained at modern standards or reviewed to assess whether they should be extinguished because the environmental costs of working is too high .
we welcome the proposal to reduce the statutory time limit on all existing and future permissions which we believe is essential if minerals operations are to be brought up to and maintained at modern standards or reviewed to [evaluate] whether they should be extinguished because the environmental costs of working is too high .

This would then help MPAs and the Regional Aggregates Working Parties better assess the true environmental carrying capacity of their areas .
this would then help mpas and the regional aggregates working parties better [evaluate] the true environmental carrying capacity of their areas .

It had already invested £33 million in drilling projects to assess the feasibility of pumping cold water four miles below the surface into fractured hot rock and drawing it up sufficiently heated to generate power .
it had already invested £33 million in drilling projects to [evaluate] the feasibility of pumping cold water four miles below the surface into fractured hot rock and drawing it up sufficiently heated to generate power .

The question of ‘ what ’ to assess gives cause for concern .
the question of ‘ what ’ to [evaluate] gives cause for concern .

Teachers should realise , therefore , in presenting their programmes of Religious Education which seek to foster a personal faith and commitment they can quite properly assess pupils ' knowledge , understanding , skills and attitudes in varying degrees for the benefit of the individual pupil .
teachers should realise , therefore , in presenting their programmes of religious education which seek to foster a personal faith and commitment they can quite properly [evaluate] pupils ' knowledge , understanding , skills and attitudes in varying degrees for the benefit of the individual pupil .

Scientists are particularly interested in observing the thawing and freezing of the polar icecaps in order to assess changes in sea level .
scientists are particularly interested in observing the thawing and freezing of the polar icecaps in order to [evaluate] changes in sea level .

In its 1990 statement of company policy , it pledged to `` protect the natural environment , comply with the spirit and letter of environmental legislation , assess the likely environmental effects of planned projects and maintain standards of environmental protection reflecting best industry practice `` .
in its 1990 statement of company policy , it pledged to `` protect the natural environment , comply with the spirit and letter of environmental legislation , [evaluate] the likely environmental effects of planned projects and maintain standards of environmental protection reflecting best industry practice `` .

The report 's task was to assess the effects on 825,000 people living in the nearby area .
the report 's task was to [evaluate] the effects on 825,000 people living in the nearby area .

The ordinary shareholder will assess his likely participation in the residue of profits of the company after fixed interest and dividend charges have been paid .
the ordinary shareholder will [evaluate] his likely participation in the residue of profits of the company after fixed interest and dividend charges have been paid .

There may also be good reason for deleting reference to the contemplation of proceedings under ss 146 or 147 of the Law of Property Act 1925 , as the costs recoverable under such a provision may not be easy for the tenant to assess and counter .
there may also be good reason for deleting reference to the contemplation of proceedings under ss 146 or 147 of the law of property act 1925 , as the costs recoverable under such a provision may not be easy for the tenant to [evaluate] and counter .

Customers must also be given sufficient information about the risks involved in a transaction adequately to assess the merits of that transaction .
customers must also be given sufficient information about the risks involved in a transaction adequately to [evaluate] the merits of that transaction .

To do this they must assess the extent to which there are children in need ( Sched 2 , para 1 ) and plan appropriately .
to do this they must [evaluate] the extent to which there are children in need ( sched 2 , para 1 ) and plan appropriately .

( 1 ) Assess your strongest and weakest areas of legal and market expertise .
( 1 ) [evaluate] your strongest and weakest areas of legal and market expertise .

Their role is not to review the work on the files , but to assess whether the files comply with quality standards .
their role is not to review the work on the files , but to [evaluate] whether the files comply with quality standards .

Keep a written record of the outcome of internal reviews so that you can target problem areas and then assess the effectiveness of any corrective action taken .
keep a written record of the outcome of internal reviews so that you can target problem areas and then [evaluate] the effectiveness of any corrective action taken .

Count up all the letters out and assess the hours that you have spent on each aspect of the case .
count up all the letters out and [evaluate] the hours that you have spent on each aspect of the case .

Where there is no attendance note but it is nevertheless clear that the particular task had been done , then the taxing officer will have to assess how long the particular job is likely to have taken .
where there is no attendance note but it is nevertheless clear that the particular task had been done , then the taxing officer will have to [evaluate] how long the particular job is likely to have taken .

When preparing a suggestion for costs to your opponents you should run through a checklist of the following tasks which are likely to have occupied your time during the case and assess how long you have spent on those tasks or how much time you think you should charge for having completed those tasks : Letters out , miscellaneous telephone calls .
when preparing a suggestion for costs to your opponents you should run through a checklist of the following tasks which are likely to have occupied your time during the case and [evaluate] how long you have spent on those tasks or how much time you think you should charge for having completed those tasks : letters out , miscellaneous telephone calls .

There is , therefore , a heavy responsibility to be professionally concerned with all potential information and learning media and to be able to inform colleague and advise on and assess the potential use and/or value of such media .
there is , therefore , a heavy responsibility to be professionally concerned with all potential information and learning media and to be able to inform colleague and advise on and [evaluate] the potential use and/or value of such media .

‘ There 's no guarantee , but you can soon assess a person 's ability to talk sensibly .
‘ there 's no guarantee , but you can soon [evaluate] a person 's ability to talk sensibly .

While David and Greg made their way to the front of the plane , Rachel and Nina attempted to assess the condition of the passengers who had been seated at the rear .
while david and greg made their way to the front of the plane , rachel and nina attempted to [evaluate] the condition of the passengers who had been seated at the rear .

The commodore had to assess whether he could afford to permit this small force to stay and pick up survivors from torpedoed vessels .
the commodore had to [evaluate] whether he could afford to permit this small force to stay and pick up survivors from torpedoed vessels .

The planning authority has to assess the amount of land required for mineral working , and this requires an assessment of the future demand likely to be made on production in its area .
the planning authority has to [evaluate] the amount of land required for mineral working , and this requires an assessment of the future demand likely to be made on production in its area .

The Land Commission 's first task was to assess the availability of , and demand for , land for house-building , particularly in the areas of greatest pressure .
the land commission 's first task was to [evaluate] the availability of , and demand for , land for house-building , particularly in the areas of greatest pressure .

Dissatisfied with the quality of many land availability studies , the DoE commissioned Coopers and Lybrand to carry out a study to assess and report on the varying assessments and assumptions about new housing made by the planning authorities and house builders , and to assess the extent to which both the provision in plans and land which is made available for housing takes account of the requirements of the market for new private sector housing ' .
dissatisfied with the quality of many land availability studies , the doe commissioned coopers and lybrand to carry out a study to [evaluate] and report on the varying assessments and assumptions about new housing made by the planning authorities and house builders , and to [evaluate] the extent to which both the provision in plans and land which is made available for housing takes account of the requirements of the market for new private sector housing ' .

The Guardian report on the Swindon game praises Strachan at length and goes on to critically assess Rocky in the light of his lack of match fitness and his attitude .
the guardian report on the swindon game praises strachan at length and goes on to critically [evaluate] rocky in the light of his lack of match fitness and his attitude .

What is more , financial intermediaries may have the expertise to be able to assess just how risky a loan is .
what is more , financial intermediaries may have the expertise to be able to [evaluate] just how risky a loan is .

These ‘ eclectic ’ economists prefer to look at each element of the debate and assess it as dispassionately as possible in the light
these ‘ eclectic ’ economists prefer to look at each element of the debate and [evaluate] it as dispassionately as possible in the light

It is difficult to assess the effects of the first true humans in rain forests but it has been argued that the Australian aborigines may have been responsible for the removal of some of the Araucaria forest of tropical Queensland , leading to the advance of Eucalyptus there , as well as locally exterminating much of the megafauna .
it is difficult to [evaluate] the effects of the first true humans in rain forests but it has been argued that the australian aborigines may have been responsible for the removal of some of the araucaria forest of tropical queensland , leading to the advance of eucalyptus there , as well as locally exterminating much of the megafauna .

Kath knew what Jack was doing , unobtrusively trying to assess the range of movement and any possible nerve damage indicated by loss of mobility in any of the facial muscles .
kath knew what jack was doing , unobtrusively trying to [evaluate] the range of movement and any possible nerve damage indicated by loss of mobility in any of the facial muscles .

As yet there has been no detailed attempt to assess the possible effects of such hot-spot ‘ migration ’ on landscape development , but there is some evidence from the stratigraphic record of the movement of topographic swells across continents which may be related to the passage of hot spots or similar thermal phenomena .
as yet there has been no detailed attempt to [evaluate] the possible effects of such hot-spot ‘ migration ’ on landscape development , but there is some evidence from the stratigraphic record of the movement of topographic swells across continents which may be related to the passage of hot spots or similar thermal phenomena .

Geomorphologists have yet to assess this possibility , although the relationship between migrating hot-spot swells and landscape development provides an intriguing subject for future research .
geomorphologists have yet to [evaluate] this possibility , although the relationship between migrating hot-spot swells and landscape development provides an intriguing subject for future research .

The public will then , theoretically , be able to assess how their Council is performing .
the public will then , theoretically , be able to [evaluate] how their council is performing .

It also implies that data users need to continually monitor/audit the data held , to assess changes in relevance etc .
it also implies that data users need to continually monitor/audit the data held , to [evaluate] changes in relevance etc .

To assess the likely impact of electronic media on the business historian , it is first necessary to understand which of the three layers of information are of most interest , which are tangible , and which are currently being preserved .
to [evaluate] the likely impact of electronic media on the business historian , it is first necessary to understand which of the three layers of information are of most interest , which are tangible , and which are currently being preserved .

To assess the damages it is necessary to form a view upon three matters each of which is in greater or lesser degree one of speculation : ( 1 ) the value of the material benefits for his dependants which the deceased would have provided out of his earnings for each year in the future during which he would have provided for them had he not been killed : ( 2 ) the value of any material benefits which the dependants will be able to obtain in each such year from sources ( other than insurance ) which would not have been available to them had the deceased lived but which will become available to them as a result of his death : ( 3 ) the amount of the capital sum which , with prudent management , will produce annual amounts equal to the difference between ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) ( that is " the dependency " ) for each of the years during which the deceased would have provided material benefits for the dependants had he not been killed .
to [evaluate] the damages it is necessary to form a view upon three matters each of which is in greater or lesser degree one of speculation : ( 1 ) the value of the material benefits for his dependants which the deceased would have provided out of his earnings for each year in the future during which he would have provided for them had he not been killed : ( 2 ) the value of any material benefits which the dependants will be able to obtain in each such year from sources ( other than insurance ) which would not have been available to them had the deceased lived but which will become available to them as a result of his death : ( 3 ) the amount of the capital sum which , with prudent management , will produce annual amounts equal to the difference between ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) ( that is " the dependency " ) for each of the years during which the deceased would have provided material benefits for the dependants had he not been killed .

Mr Harvey McGregor has said in McGregor on Damages , ( 15th ed Sweet & Maxwell 1988 , para 1588 ) : It may be argued that the benefit of a mother 's personal attention to a child 's upbringing , morals , education and psychology , which the services of a housekeeper , nurse or governess could never provide has , in the long run , a financial value for the child difficult as it is to assess .
mr harvey mcgregor has said in mcgregor on damages , ( 15th ed sweet & maxwell 1988 , para 1588 ) : it may be argued that the benefit of a mother 's personal attention to a child 's upbringing , morals , education and psychology , which the services of a housekeeper , nurse or governess could never provide has , in the long run , a financial value for the child difficult as it is to [evaluate] .

As for the class of goods , it should make little difference here , since the businessman should be better able than the private party to assess them .
as for the class of goods , it should make little difference here , since the businessman should be better able than the private party to [evaluate] them .

As for the class of goods , where commercial goods are concerned the party acquiring them presumably has some expertise in relation to them which gives him the capability to assess their quality or to understand if he needs to call in an expert assessor , so that less protection should be required in this case .
as for the class of goods , where commercial goods are concerned the party acquiring them presumably has some expertise in relation to them which gives him the capability to [evaluate] their quality or to understand if he needs to call in an expert assessor , so that less protection should be required in this case .

The Directive however does not attempt to assess the bargain which the consumer has made under the contract and therefore excludes assessment of the unfair character of terms which relate to " the main subject matter of the contract " and " the quality/price ratio of the goods or services supplied " .
the directive however does not attempt to [evaluate] the bargain which the consumer has made under the contract and therefore excludes assessment of the unfair character of terms which relate to " the main subject matter of the contract " and " the quality/price ratio of the goods or services supplied " .

On the other hand the expert will not have had the benefit of hearing the arguments , and some observers have suggested that expert valuers rarely assess rents from the tenant 's point of view .
on the other hand the expert will not have had the benefit of hearing the arguments , and some observers have suggested that expert valuers rarely [evaluate] rents from the tenant 's point of view .

The result is that , however unsatisfactory it may be , the court in any particular case is constrained to assess damages for non-pecuniary losses by reference to previous awards in comparable cases or , at least , by reference to the general level of awards where there are no cases which are really comparable .
the result is that , however unsatisfactory it may be , the court in any particular case is constrained to [evaluate] damages for non-pecuniary losses by reference to previous awards in comparable cases or , at least , by reference to the general level of awards where there are no cases which are really comparable .

When the court comes to assess damages for an injury , however , it will look at the position as it is at the date of the trial .
when the court comes to [evaluate] damages for an injury , however , it will look at the position as it is at the date of the trial .

Whatever the nature of the amenities lost the court has to assess the effect of the deprivation of those amenities upon the particular plaintiff .
whatever the nature of the amenities lost the court has to [evaluate] the effect of the deprivation of those amenities upon the particular plaintiff .

In each case the court seeks to assess and award damages that are equivalent to the loss sustained by the plaintiff — in each case the same heads of damage are recoverable and in each case similar deductions have to be made .
in each case the court seeks to [evaluate] and award damages that are equivalent to the loss sustained by the plaintiff — in each case the same heads of damage are recoverable and in each case similar deductions have to be made .

It had always been customary to assess the special damage separately for convenience .
it had always been customary to [evaluate] the special damage separately for convenience .

In all such cases the court must estimate as best it can what would have happened if the plaintiff had not been injured and on that basis must assess his loss .
in all such cases the court must estimate as best it can what would have happened if the plaintiff had not been injured and on that basis must [evaluate] his loss .

Even in the case of a regular wage-earner or salaried employee , there might be complications ; for example , the plaintiff might claim that he would have been promoted to a more remunerative post ( in which case the court must assess his prospects of promotion and award damages accordingly ) or the defendant may claim that the plaintiff 's employer had suffered severe business setbacks that necessitated redundancies and that the plaintiff would have lost his employment ( in which case the court must consider all the circumstances and award as damages what it estimates to have been the plaintiff 's net loss ) .
even in the case of a regular wage-earner or salaried employee , there might be complications ; for example , the plaintiff might claim that he would have been promoted to a more remunerative post ( in which case the court must [evaluate] his prospects of promotion and award damages accordingly ) or the defendant may claim that the plaintiff 's employer had suffered severe business setbacks that necessitated redundancies and that the plaintiff would have lost his employment ( in which case the court must consider all the circumstances and award as damages what it estimates to have been the plaintiff 's net loss ) .

Although it may be beneficial to address this point at this stage rather than leave it to the flotation , the alternative argument is that such matters can only be decided at the time of flotation when the parties are better able to assess what is commercially necessary to achieve an optimum result .
although it may be beneficial to address this point at this stage rather than leave it to the flotation , the alternative argument is that such matters can only be decided at the time of flotation when the parties are better able to [evaluate] what is commercially necessary to achieve an optimum result .

Secondly , the purchaser will require the surveyor to assess potential liabilities under repairing obligations in the lease and in particular for dilapidations .
secondly , the purchaser will require the surveyor to [evaluate] potential liabilities under repairing obligations in the lease and in particular for dilapidations .

Either way the purchaser will need full details of the vendor 's employees in order to assess the costs of redundancies , wrongful and unfair dismissal claims and identify which of the vendor 's employees he may prefer to retain .
either way the purchaser will need full details of the vendor 's employees in order to [evaluate] the costs of redundancies , wrongful and unfair dismissal claims and identify which of the vendor 's employees he may prefer to retain .

They are normally the senior employees and therefore the high earners of the business and it is important for the purchaser to assess the cost at an early stage .
they are normally the senior employees and therefore the high earners of the business and it is important for the purchaser to [evaluate] the cost at an early stage .

Scientists from Russia , Norway and other countries have started a programme of testing and research to assess the extent of the problem .
scientists from russia , norway and other countries have started a programme of testing and research to [evaluate] the extent of the problem .

Although it is too early to assess the full effects , some of the rich shellfish and oyster beds offshore are thought to be in some danger .
although it is too early to [evaluate] the full effects , some of the rich shellfish and oyster beds offshore are thought to be in some danger .

Yablokov estimated that it would cost `` several tens of millions of dollars `` simply to assess how much radiation was being released from submerged waste .
yablokov estimated that it would cost `` several tens of millions of dollars `` simply to [evaluate] how much radiation was being released from submerged waste .

* South Korea and Russia are to carry out a joint survey to assess the damage caused by Soviet dumping of radioactive waste in the Sea of Japan .
* south korea and russia are to carry out a joint survey to [evaluate] the damage caused by soviet dumping of radioactive waste in the sea of japan .

Central to the committee 's 50 recommendations was a call for a national forestry strategy , to assess what types of forests were required , and how best to manage existing woodland .
central to the committee 's 50 recommendations was a call for a national forestry strategy , to [evaluate] what types of forests were required , and how best to manage existing woodland .

According to the Environment Secretary , Michael Heseltine , British industry risks losing out on the business opportunities opened up by the need for new equipment to assess and control environmental problems .
according to the environment secretary , michael heseltine , british industry risks losing out on the business opportunities opened up by the need for new equipment to [evaluate] and control environmental problems .

One of the most outspoken proponents of commercial whaling in Japan , the Fisheries Agency , has requested funds to conduct a survey to assess the potential for developing a `` whale-watching industry `` as a tourist attraction .
one of the most outspoken proponents of commercial whaling in japan , the fisheries agency , has requested funds to conduct a survey to [evaluate] the potential for developing a `` whale-watching industry `` as a tourist attraction .

An interim report by scientists says that more work is needed to verify the findings and assess the effect of the pollution on local people .
an interim report by scientists says that more work is needed to verify the findings and [evaluate] the effect of the pollution on local people .

An expedition is to visit the site later this year to assess the situation , and the European Community is considering whether to provide financial support for the expedition .
an expedition is to visit the site later this year to [evaluate] the situation , and the european community is considering whether to provide financial support for the expedition .

DoT uses " outdated " methods to assess impact of roads
dot uses " outdated " methods to [evaluate] impact of roads

The report provides additional evidence for critics of the Bank 's failure to assess fully the environmental impact of projects such as road and dam construction and timber management schemes .
the report provides additional evidence for critics of the bank 's failure to [evaluate] fully the environmental impact of projects such as road and dam construction and timber management schemes .

At the suggestion of the European Community , which had been asked to mediate by the Czechoslovak and Hungarian governments , a panel of experts has been set up to assess the situation .
at the suggestion of the european community , which had been asked to mediate by the czechoslovak and hungarian governments , a panel of experts has been set up to [evaluate] the situation .

Having considered two cases ( one of them going back more than 25 years ) , it upheld verdicts in lower courts and ruled that in view of the complex scientific issues involved , the government was best placed to decide on sites and to assess their environmental impact .
having considered two cases ( one of them going back more than 25 years ) , it upheld verdicts in lower courts and ruled that in view of the complex scientific issues involved , the government was best placed to decide on sites and to [evaluate] their environmental impact .

Others have sought to generate criteria by which to assess the distinctive features of a political culture .
others have sought to generate criteria by which to [evaluate] the distinctive features of a political culture .

In this sense , the Panopticon was , as Foucault ( 1979 p 149 ) identified , a building whose design was simultaneously architectural , functional and hierarchical , and whose purposes were ( p 143 ) : `` to establish presences and absences , to know where and how to locate individuals , to set up useful communications , to interrupt others , to be able at each moment to supervise the conduct of each individual , to assess it , to judge it , to calculate its qualities or merits .
in this sense , the panopticon was , as foucault ( 1979 p 149 ) identified , a building whose design was simultaneously architectural , functional and hierarchical , and whose purposes were ( p 143 ) : `` to establish presences and absences , to know where and how to locate individuals , to set up useful communications , to interrupt others , to be able at each moment to supervise the conduct of each individual , to [evaluate] it , to judge it , to calculate its qualities or merits .

In the absence of any details it is difficult to assess the force of these references to biology and sociology … .
in the absence of any details it is difficult to [evaluate] the force of these references to biology and sociology … .

The burgesses of the ‘ husband town ’ allocated such divisions on behalf of the Crown , the arable land being measured to assess its user 's liability for military service : a ‘ husbandland ’ was the area of ploughland sufficient to provide a man with a living that could afford him a horse and harness when called on in a Border emergency .
the burgesses of the ‘ husband town ’ allocated such divisions on behalf of the crown , the arable land being measured to [evaluate] its user 's liability for military service : a ‘ husbandland ’ was the area of ploughland sufficient to provide a man with a living that could afford him a horse and harness when called on in a border emergency .

The purpose of the workshop was to examine the 1989 Fair Employment Act and assess its capacity to counter the structural nature of discrimination in West Belfast .
the purpose of the workshop was to examine the 1989 fair employment act and [evaluate] its capacity to counter the structural nature of discrimination in west belfast .

The children are removed from their normal surroundings and presented with a problem which has been specifically devised to assess their understanding .
the children are removed from their normal surroundings and presented with a problem which has been specifically devised to [evaluate] their understanding .

These items were designed to assess children 's ability to handle explanations involving three different types of content : psychological ( item 1 ) , physical ( item 2 ) , and logical ( items 3 and 4 ) .
these items were designed to [evaluate] children 's ability to handle explanations involving three different types of content : psychological ( item 1 ) , physical ( item 2 ) , and logical ( items 3 and 4 ) .

Alternatively , the discrepancies might be due to characteristics of the tasks used to assess the different types of linguistic ability .
alternatively , the discrepancies might be due to characteristics of the tasks used to [evaluate] the different types of linguistic ability .

Both tasks were designed to assess children 's ability to respond to some of the linguistic cues which can be used to signal the deductive/ empirical distinction .
both tasks were designed to [evaluate] children 's ability to respond to some of the linguistic cues which can be used to signal the deductive/ empirical distinction .

In order to assess the progressive development of international law in this direction it is important to determine what claims may be made by or against third parties , either as a particular third party or as a member of the international community , and the possible outcome of those claims .
in order to [evaluate] the progressive development of international law in this direction it is important to determine what claims may be made by or against third parties , either as a particular third party or as a member of the international community , and the possible outcome of those claims .

It was a large , high , long room , and so full of furniture and mirrors and pictures and books and chandeliers and hangings and refracted angles of light that the eye could at first glimpse in no way assess its dimensions ; it was like some infinitely more complicated and elaborate and intentional version of the hall which Clara had first entered .
it was a large , high , long room , and so full of furniture and mirrors and pictures and books and chandeliers and hangings and refracted angles of light that the eye could at first glimpse in no way [evaluate] its dimensions ; it was like some infinitely more complicated and elaborate and intentional version of the hall which clara had first entered .

We might begin by asking ourselves just what is a sexual problem : we may find the term a difficult one to define , and even more so if we attempt to assess the magnitude of the problem in any given situation or individual .
we might begin by asking ourselves just what is a sexual problem : we may find the term a difficult one to define , and even more so if we attempt to [evaluate] the magnitude of the problem in any given situation or individual .

The results of all this activity are difficult to assess .
the results of all this activity are difficult to [evaluate] .

And at the end of the day he 'll decide to assess that profit contribution .
and at the end of the day he 'll decide to [evaluate] that profit contribution .

If you do n't , tear up the appraisal farms today and find a better way to assess performance and make profit .
if you do n't , tear up the appraisal farms today and find a better way to [evaluate] performance and make profit .

Furthermore , assess the impact of their cash-flow practices on your own relationship with customers and suppliers alike .
furthermore , [evaluate] the impact of their cash-flow practices on your own relationship with customers and suppliers alike .

The other side of press management , depending on informal contacts , is less easy to assess .
the other side of press management , depending on informal contacts , is less easy to [evaluate] .

We must turn to Law 's leading supporters as well as to himself in order to assess the real character of the party .
we must turn to law 's leading supporters as well as to himself in order to [evaluate] the real character of the party .

Communication policies are changing rapidly , yet there is a need to assess them constantly from an ethical perspective .
communication policies are changing rapidly , yet there is a need to [evaluate] them constantly from an ethical perspective .

The case is currently being reviewed by the Fraud Squad , who are preparing questionnaires for creditors in order to assess the extent of the problem .
the case is currently being reviewed by the fraud squad , who are preparing questionnaires for creditors in order to [evaluate] the extent of the problem .

The copious illustrations provided make it possible to assess the truth or falsity of the accusation that Gleizes had too strong and enduring an influence .
the copious illustrations provided make it possible to [evaluate] the truth or falsity of the accusation that gleizes had too strong and enduring an influence .

The attitudes of the more distant tribes are difficult to assess , but we know that the Dubunnic contingent immediately surrendered to Plautius .
the attitudes of the more distant tribes are difficult to [evaluate] , but we know that the dubunnic contingent immediately surrendered to plautius .

It introduced an attempt to assess the truth of the often reiterated statement that the Great Barbarian Conspiracy of 367 virtually destroyed the villa system in Britain .
it introduced an attempt to [evaluate] the truth of the often reiterated statement that the great barbarian conspiracy of 367 virtually destroyed the villa system in britain .

During the Week ( 17–23 May 1992 ) an international European jury of media experts and the participants will view and assess some of the religious programming broadcast in Europe during the last three years .
during the week ( 17–23 may 1992 ) an international european jury of media experts and the participants will view and [evaluate] some of the religious programming broadcast in europe during the last three years .

Studies have been done to assess how effective it is .
studies have been done to [evaluate] how effective it is .

Similarly , a fair exchange of values can only be realized by either a broad doctrine of unconscionability or a reversal of the rule that a court will not assess the adequacy of consideration .
similarly , a fair exchange of values can only be realized by either a broad doctrine of unconscionability or a reversal of the rule that a court will not [evaluate] the adequacy of consideration .

If the mens rea principle and the principle of proof are objectives worthy of a rational and humane system of criminal law they ought to be used critically to assess the achievement of the total system rather than circularly to select an acceptable portion of the criminal law .
if the mens rea principle and the principle of proof are objectives worthy of a rational and humane system of criminal law they ought to be used critically to [evaluate] the achievement of the total system rather than circularly to select an acceptable portion of the criminal law .

The seminar aimed to assess the impact of the Charter on communication policy and practice in Africa .
the seminar aimed to [evaluate] the impact of the charter on communication policy and practice in africa .

Doezema draws on a wide variety of primary sources , particularly magazine and newspaper articles , to assess the artist 's work within the context of contemporary American society .
doezema draws on a wide variety of primary sources , particularly magazine and newspaper articles , to [evaluate] the artist 's work within the context of contemporary american society .

To answer this question , we must first assess the significance of homage and fealty in the later thirteenth century : how important were they as expressions of subordination of one ruler to another ?
to answer this question , we must first [evaluate] the significance of homage and fealty in the later thirteenth century : how important were they as expressions of subordination of one ruler to another ?

Take time out to assess the cause of your ‘ hurry sickness ’ and ‘ hostility ’ . Is it due to a need to feel important ? Is it designed to avoid some activity or person ? Is this hostility the result of feeling threatened and insecure about the present situation ?
take time out to [evaluate] the cause of your ‘ hurry sickness ’ and ‘ hostility ’ . is it due to a need to feel important ? is it designed to avoid some activity or person ? is this hostility the result of feeling threatened and insecure about the present situation ?

Sidorov admitted that it was a great honour to be appointed to the government , but was not yet ready to discuss his policies , as he ‘ needed to assess the situation at the Ministry ’ , although he did hint that changes in the organisation 's structure would be required .
sidorov admitted that it was a great honour to be appointed to the government , but was not yet ready to discuss his policies , as he ‘ needed to [evaluate] the situation at the ministry ’ , although he did hint that changes in the organisation 's structure would be required .

The seminar aimed to assess the impact of the Charter on communication policy and practice in Africa .
the seminar aimed to [evaluate] the impact of the charter on communication policy and practice in africa .

This method of constructing a release enables the editor to assess the importance of the story at a glance .
this method of constructing a release enables the editor to [evaluate] the importance of the story at a glance .

So before going ahead with photography stand back and assess whether editors will really be able to use the picture you are planning .
so before going ahead with photography stand back and [evaluate] whether editors will really be able to use the picture you are planning .

8 Assess each picture before it is taken to ensure that the picture is relevant and makes its point .
8 [evaluate] each picture before it is taken to ensure that the picture is relevant and makes its point .

Students may attempt forced economies on diet or take up casual part-time employment to balance their budgets , but you will have to assess for yourself the degree to which these actions may detract from your physical well-being and ability to study ( see also Chapter 15 on fit for studying ) .
students may attempt forced economies on diet or take up casual part-time employment to balance their budgets , but you will have to [evaluate] for yourself the degree to which these actions may detract from your physical well-being and ability to study ( see also chapter 15 on fit for studying ) .

Yet the ability to read with attention , to increase your reading speed , to improve your comprehension , to assess critically the strengths of competing arguments and to take useful notes — these are all vitally important study skills .
yet the ability to read with attention , to increase your reading speed , to improve your comprehension , to [evaluate] critically the strengths of competing arguments and to take useful notes — these are all vitally important study skills .

Remind yourself why exams are necessary ( to measure student performance and to assess student potential ) , and why you are going to do well ( because you 've been reasonably conscientious and have prepared intelligently ) .
remind yourself why exams are necessary ( to measure student performance and to [evaluate] student potential ) , and why you are going to do well ( because you 've been reasonably conscientious and have prepared intelligently ) .

Students often find this the most difficult task : you have masses of material but now need to assess significance and establish priorities .
students often find this the most difficult task : you have masses of material but now need to [evaluate] significance and establish priorities .

Unless one has followed the rug-making process through from clipping to completion , the only way to assess the quality of the wool is to rely on the `` feel `` of the item and the reputation of the individual weaving group .
unless one has followed the rug-making process through from clipping to completion , the only way to [evaluate] the quality of the wool is to rely on the `` feel `` of the item and the reputation of the individual weaving group .

If you were to fly to Athens for the first time and take a taxi to an address in the city , you would be unable to assess whether the route was circuitous , or the baggage charge was normal .
if you were to fly to athens for the first time and take a taxi to an address in the city , you would be unable to [evaluate] whether the route was circuitous , or the baggage charge was normal .

These analyses are combined in section 2.4 to assess the theoretical case for intervention .
these analyses are combined in section 2.4 to [evaluate] the theoretical case for intervention .

How is the new firm to assess the manager 's likely worth to them ?
how is the new firm to [evaluate] the manager 's likely worth to them ?

Arguably it provides a very strong constraint on managers to act efficiently , if we may assume they are concerned about their future career path and if they believe that the firm does not systematically assess their performance wrongly .
arguably it provides a very strong constraint on managers to act efficiently , if we may assume they are concerned about their future career path and if they believe that the firm does not systematically [evaluate] their performance wrongly .

This might be direct ( inquiries into `` what went wrong `` which include examination of internal memoranda by the principal — it is easiest to think of the military example of courts martial ) or indirect ( examination of a run of decisions to assess their quality ) .
this might be direct ( inquiries into `` what went wrong `` which include examination of internal memoranda by the principal — it is easiest to think of the military example of courts martial ) or indirect ( examination of a run of decisions to [evaluate] their quality ) .

Instead , it may be sufficient merely to apply semantic constraints to assess the plausibility of a particular combination of words in the input .
instead , it may be sufficient merely to apply semantic constraints to [evaluate] the plausibility of a particular combination of words in the input .

: To assess the extent to which the expansion of dictionary definitions provides information of use in semantic analysis .
: to [evaluate] the extent to which the expansion of dictionary definitions provides information of use in semantic analysis .

It is difficult to assess the number of prostitutes actually involved .
it is difficult to [evaluate] the number of prostitutes actually involved .

These numbers , he pointed out , could have been considerably increased were it possible to assess the numbers working short-time , as occurred in almost every trade during some part of the year .
these numbers , he pointed out , could have been considerably increased were it possible to [evaluate] the numbers working short-time , as occurred in almost every trade during some part of the year .

This committee of civil servants was to assess its causes and recommend remedies .
this committee of civil servants was to [evaluate] its causes and recommend remedies .

In 1914 the Board of Education initiated a new Education ( Provision of Meals ) Act which made this provision compulsory for all local authorities , provided an Exchequer subsidy , authorized feeding during school holidays and left the determination of need to the school medical officers who were to assess need purely on grounds of health rather than of parental income .
in 1914 the board of education initiated a new education ( provision of meals ) act which made this provision compulsory for all local authorities , provided an exchequer subsidy , authorized feeding during school holidays and left the determination of need to the school medical officers who were to [evaluate] need purely on grounds of health rather than of parental income .

The effect of such debates upon the making of policy is difficult to assess .
the effect of such debates upon the making of policy is difficult to [evaluate] .

But as long as we bear these limitations in mind we can , to some extent , assess the muscle of the political machine .
but as long as we bear these limitations in mind we can , to some extent , [evaluate] the muscle of the political machine .

In 1598 the Privy Council had to instruct commissioners to produce more realistic returns and to assess J.P.s at a minimum of £20 .
in 1598 the privy council had to instruct commissioners to produce more realistic returns and to [evaluate] j.p.s at a minimum of £20 .

In a more detailed analysis it would be necessary to separate out these different factors and to attempt to assess how each has contributed or is related to changes in the family .
in a more detailed analysis it would be necessary to separate out these different factors and to attempt to [evaluate] how each has contributed or is related to changes in the family .

Fertility counselling can help couples assess their need for treatment , and help them prepare for it
fertility counselling can help couples [evaluate] their need for treatment , and help them prepare for it

Counsellors who do this , however , can not possibly assess clients for their suitability — either socially or psychologically — for treatment .
counsellors who do this , however , can not possibly [evaluate] clients for their suitability — either socially or psychologically — for treatment .

It was not possible to ascertain the extent to which DNs are influenced by , or exert an influence upon , doctors in making joint decisions ; nor to assess the wisdom of these decisions .
it was not possible to ascertain the extent to which dns are influenced by , or exert an influence upon , doctors in making joint decisions ; nor to [evaluate] the wisdom of these decisions .

In the 1980s we are still sufficiently close to the Occupation to make it difficult to assess some of the longer term significances of its reforms .
in the 1980s we are still sufficiently close to the occupation to make it difficult to [evaluate] some of the longer term significances of its reforms .

The questions which follow are designed to help you assess your oral communication skills :
the questions which follow are designed to help you [evaluate] your oral communication skills :

about your employment and residential status ) to help us assess the risk in lending to you .
about your employment and residential status ) to help us [evaluate] the risk in lending to you .

remember that it is up to you what you include on your schedule The more accurately you can assess your expenditure for the next year , the easier it should prove to keep on top of your finances .
remember that it is up to you what you include on your schedule the more accurately you can [evaluate] your expenditure for the next year , the easier it should prove to keep on top of your finances .

The terms of reference of the policy group on crime were : ‘ to assess post-war trends in crime and their probable cause , to evaluate current and proposed new methods for the prevention of crime and the treatment of offenders and to make recommendations .
the terms of reference of the policy group on crime were : ‘ to [evaluate] post-war trends in crime and their probable cause , to evaluate current and proposed new methods for the prevention of crime and the treatment of offenders and to make recommendations .

Since my article on strawberry growing appeared in the August issue of Smallholder pp17/18 we have had time to assess the results of the variety ‘ Pandora ’ this year .
since my article on strawberry growing appeared in the august issue of smallholder pp17/18 we have had time to [evaluate] the results of the variety ‘ pandora ’ this year .

In this chapter we begin to assess how the changes can both bring together states and firms in partnership and also pull them apart .
in this chapter we begin to [evaluate] how the changes can both bring together states and firms in partnership and also pull them apart .

The first concerns how investors assess the various measures and the second concerns how governments manage the administrative mechanisms they use to influence exchange rates .
the first concerns how investors [evaluate] the various measures and the second concerns how governments manage the administrative mechanisms they use to influence exchange rates .

Investors watch exchange rates closely , because they calculate their profits in their home currency , and because they must assess how changes might affect the future international competitiveness of local output .
investors watch exchange rates closely , because they calculate their profits in their home currency , and because they must [evaluate] how changes might affect the future international competitiveness of local output .

The extent to which it would be mistaken to take our own rituals literally provides a standard from which to assess our understanding of the rituals and statements of other cultures .
the extent to which it would be mistaken to take our own rituals literally provides a standard from which to [evaluate] our understanding of the rituals and statements of other cultures .

One reason for the previous misrepresentation of the logical abilities of such social groups is that the tests carried out to assess such abilities were unreliable both in method and in conception .
one reason for the previous misrepresentation of the logical abilities of such social groups is that the tests carried out to [evaluate] such abilities were unreliable both in method and in conception .

Since so much else rests on it , it is clearly crucial to assess the validity of the initial analysis of communication itself .
since so much else rests on it , it is clearly crucial to [evaluate] the validity of the initial analysis of communication itself .

But it leaves it up to staff to assess the limits that may be used in given circumstances .
but it leaves it up to staff to [evaluate] the limits that may be used in given circumstances .

Use or misuse : How can local authorities help assess need ?
use or misuse : how can local authorities help [evaluate] need ?

Probably more management books have been written on the problems of planning , or strategic direction , or strategic analysis , or competitive advantage and how to assess it , than on any other subject .
probably more management books have been written on the problems of planning , or strategic direction , or strategic analysis , or competitive advantage and how to [evaluate] it , than on any other subject .

Following Samuel Huntington , we can begin to assess this question by identifying three broad and conflicting conceptions of conservatism .
following samuel huntington , we can begin to [evaluate] this question by identifying three broad and conflicting conceptions of conservatism .

This may be particularly important when we come to assess the relationships between the normativist style in public law and the political theory of conservatism .
this may be particularly important when we come to [evaluate] the relationships between the normativist style in public law and the political theory of conservatism .

In order to assess its influence we will consider the work of Auguste Comte and Emile Durkheim , as leading exponents of the tradition , and will also examine the application of their theories to the questions of government and law by considering the work of Leon Duguit .
in order to [evaluate] its influence we will consider the work of auguste comte and emile durkheim , as leading exponents of the tradition , and will also examine the application of their theories to the questions of government and law by considering the work of leon duguit .

Finally , through an examination of the work of Leon Duguit , we will assess the contribution which sociological positivism may have for an understanding of government and law .
finally , through an examination of the work of leon duguit , we will [evaluate] the contribution which sociological positivism may have for an understanding of government and law .

In order to sell accommodation successfully receptionists must learn how to use their eyes , ears and intelligence in order to assess their clients and their needs .
in order to sell accommodation successfully receptionists must learn how to use their eyes , ears and intelligence in order to [evaluate] their clients and their needs .

assess the likely cause of the problem and identify the sub-system , programs and data in which the problem originated
[evaluate] the likely cause of the problem and identify the sub-system , programs and data in which the problem originated

assess the urgency with which the problem should be solved
[evaluate] the urgency with which the problem should be solved

The status of intrapartum fetal heart rate recording ( whether assessed by ear or by machine ) is similar to that of the neonatal test frequently used to assess its effectiveness — the much maligned but universally used Apgar score .
the status of intrapartum fetal heart rate recording ( whether assessed by ear or by machine ) is similar to that of the neonatal test frequently used to [evaluate] its effectiveness — the much maligned but universally used apgar score .

Increasingly , however , such units are being asked to assess the quality of mothering by women with chronic disorders , particularly schizophrenia but also poor control of impulses .
increasingly , however , such units are being asked to [evaluate] the quality of mothering by women with chronic disorders , particularly schizophrenia but also poor control of impulses .

To assess the acceptability of screening newborn boys for Duchenne muscular dystrophy .
to [evaluate] the acceptability of screening newborn boys for duchenne muscular dystrophy .

We did not assess travel to work in detail .
we did not [evaluate] travel to work in detail .

Logistic regression analysis with forward stepwise entry of variables was used to assess the relative contributions of different factors to the development of oedema .
logistic regression analysis with forward stepwise entry of variables was used to [evaluate] the relative contributions of different factors to the development of oedema .

General practitioners were asked to assess the extent to which they thought relationships with a number of other persons and organisations had changed as a result of acquiring fundholding status .
general practitioners were asked to [evaluate] the extent to which they thought relationships with a number of other persons and organisations had changed as a result of acquiring fundholding status .

They should ally themselves with health service workers ( including managers ) and inspire them to help analyse the determinants of good and bad health , assess health needs , promote health , and evaluate services , thereby achieving public health goals , albeit indirectly .
they should ally themselves with health service workers ( including managers ) and inspire them to help analyse the determinants of good and bad health , [evaluate] health needs , promote health , and evaluate services , thereby achieving public health goals , albeit indirectly .

The imminent publication of guidelines on employing counsellors in primary care prepared by a working party of the British Association for Counselling will greatly help those family health services authorities and general practitioners who have yet to develop such guidelines or do not understand how to assess the qualifications and competence of counsellors they wish to employ and work with .
the imminent publication of guidelines on employing counsellors in primary care prepared by a working party of the british association for counselling will greatly help those family health services authorities and general practitioners who have yet to develop such guidelines or do not understand how to [evaluate] the qualifications and competence of counsellors they wish to employ and work with .

Oxford University Press requires certain background information on suppliers to this project , which will be used to assess the suitability and continuing viability of the proposal .
oxford university press requires certain background information on suppliers to this project , which will be used to [evaluate] the suitability and continuing viability of the proposal .

Subsequently , schools , universities and colleges attempt to assess differences in abilities as predictors of student performance .
subsequently , schools , universities and colleges attempt to [evaluate] differences in abilities as predictors of student performance .

On the other hand , over how many years does one need to assess a person 's managerial behaviour ?
on the other hand , over how many years does one need to [evaluate] a person 's managerial behaviour ?

If we decide what behaviour we want and how we will assess it , and then reward that behaviour when it occurs ( a practice found in any family ) , then we have a chance of pleasing both individual and organization .
if we decide what behaviour we want and how we will [evaluate] it , and then reward that behaviour when it occurs ( a practice found in any family ) , then we have a chance of pleasing both individual and organization .

Phenomenologists study the perceptions of experience as one way to assess individuals ; what they perceive in the world determines their behaviour .
phenomenologists study the perceptions of experience as one way to [evaluate] individuals ; what they perceive in the world determines their behaviour .

Tests have been devised to assess this characteristic in individuals .
tests have been devised to [evaluate] this characteristic in individuals .

Often it is the process which is more important in explaining group performance than the content , even though it will usually be the content that we assess in measuring its performance .
often it is the process which is more important in explaining group performance than the content , even though it will usually be the content that we [evaluate] in measuring its performance .

Any board , committee or task force can conduct a simple paper and pencil survey among its members to assess members ' perceptions of group performance .
any board , committee or task force can conduct a simple paper and pencil survey among its members to [evaluate] members ' perceptions of group performance .

Group critiques are still rare , despite all the research on the problems of groups which do not assess their performance .
group critiques are still rare , despite all the research on the problems of groups which do not [evaluate] their performance .

The report makes a fair attempt to assess the future demand for medical staff within these constraints but shies away from estimating the number of doctors required to provide both an acceptable service to patients and acceptable working conditions for doctors themselves .
the report makes a fair attempt to [evaluate] the future demand for medical staff within these constraints but shies away from estimating the number of doctors required to provide both an acceptable service to patients and acceptable working conditions for doctors themselves .

We contacted patients for a preliminary interview to assess their history , and if they met the study criteria they were invited to join the study .
we contacted patients for a preliminary interview to [evaluate] their history , and if they met the study criteria they were invited to join the study .

However , this study was open and only two urine collections were used to assess albumin excretion at baseline and after 12 months .
however , this study was open and only two urine collections were used to [evaluate] albumin excretion at baseline and after 12 months .

In response to the question ‘ How do you currently assess the effectiveness of your teaching ?
in response to the question ‘ how do you currently [evaluate] the effectiveness of your teaching ?

Each change request will be reviewed by the Development Manager who will assess the implications and scope of the change , and recommend an appropriate course of action .
each change request will be reviewed by the development manager who will [evaluate] the implications and scope of the change , and recommend an appropriate course of action .

He will assess the effect of the proposed change on that sub-system , the interfaces with other sub-systems , and the information held in files on the computer .
he will [evaluate] the effect of the proposed change on that sub-system , the interfaces with other sub-systems , and the information held in files on the computer .

He will assess the effect of the proposed change on that sub-system , the interfaces with other sub-systems and information held in files on the computer , and the amount of work involved in undertaking the change .
he will [evaluate] the effect of the proposed change on that sub-system , the interfaces with other sub-systems and information held in files on the computer , and the amount of work involved in undertaking the change .

The principal purpose of this book is to examine Ronald Reagan 's efforts to deal with these problems ; to examine the techniques he and his staff used as they sought to break free from the ties that bound them ; and to assess how successful Reagan was in mastering the system of government and in achieving his policy objectives .
the principal purpose of this book is to examine ronald reagan 's efforts to deal with these problems ; to examine the techniques he and his staff used as they sought to break free from the ties that bound them ; and to [evaluate] how successful reagan was in mastering the system of government and in achieving his policy objectives .

Few voters could have obtained a real grasp of the issues at stake and hardly any would have been in a position to assess the leadership qualities of the candidates on offer .
few voters could have obtained a real grasp of the issues at stake and hardly any would have been in a position to [evaluate] the leadership qualities of the candidates on offer .

This was partly because it proved so difficult to crush or even to assess the strength of the ‘ People 's Will ’ .
this was partly because it proved so difficult to crush or even to [evaluate] the strength of the ‘ people 's will ’ .

To assess long term survival ( >5 years ) and quality of life in severely ill patients referred for urgent cardiac transplantation .
to [evaluate] long term survival ( >5 years ) and quality of life in severely ill patients referred for urgent cardiac transplantation .

In this report we assess the long term ( 5–7 year ) survival , exercise capacity , perceived quality of life , and employment in these 18 patients .
in this report we [evaluate] the long term ( 5–7 year ) survival , exercise capacity , perceived quality of life , and employment in these 18 patients .

To assess the effectiveness of two school based smoking education projects in delaying onset of smoking behaviour and in improving health knowledge , beliefs , and values .
to [evaluate] the effectiveness of two school based smoking education projects in delaying onset of smoking behaviour and in improving health knowledge , beliefs , and values .

We conducted a two year study to assess the effectiveness of the family smoking education and smoking and me projects in influencing smoking behaviour .
we conducted a two year study to [evaluate] the effectiveness of the family smoking education and smoking and me projects in influencing smoking behaviour .

Overall findings of these analyses are given to assess the sensitivity of the main results to the choice of target group .
overall findings of these analyses are given to [evaluate] the sensitivity of the main results to the choice of target group .

But the report concluded that undue emphasis is placed on inquiries about research experience in the mistaken belief that it is easier to assess a candidate 's research abilities .
but the report concluded that undue emphasis is placed on inquiries about research experience in the mistaken belief that it is easier to [evaluate] a candidate 's research abilities .

In Nottinghamshire the social services departments will use teams rather than individual care managers to assess people and arrange packages of care .
in nottinghamshire the social services departments will use teams rather than individual care managers to [evaluate] people and arrange packages of care .

So ‘ bureaucratic ’ pluralism has been used by some in recognizing the more important role of Japanese civil servants ; this has been further qualified as ‘ bureaucratic-inclusionary ’ pluralism to suggest that the widest possible range of citizen consultation is used to assess the national interest .
so ‘ bureaucratic ’ pluralism has been used by some in recognizing the more important role of japanese civil servants ; this has been further qualified as ‘ bureaucratic-inclusionary ’ pluralism to suggest that the widest possible range of citizen consultation is used to [evaluate] the national interest .

As elsewhere the impact of this assistance is difficult to assess , but state loans in Japan form approximately 12 per cent of outstanding loans to firms employing less than 300 workers .
as elsewhere the impact of this assistance is difficult to [evaluate] , but state loans in japan form approximately 12 per cent of outstanding loans to firms employing less than 300 workers .

Personal evaluations occur bi-annually and are used to assess both changes in the basic wage and individual bonus payments .
personal evaluations occur bi-annually and are used to [evaluate] both changes in the basic wage and individual bonus payments .

They are just two of 50 or so formulae , charts and graphs available to teachers who wish to assess the difficulty of prose objectively ( see Harrison , 1980 , for a review ) .
they are just two of 50 or so formulae , charts and graphs available to teachers who wish to [evaluate] the difficulty of prose objectively ( see harrison , 1980 , for a review ) .

Readability researchers often emphasise that it is not possible to use a formula to assess difficulty at the individual sentence level ; a formula or graph can only make predictions about difficulty at a global level .
readability researchers often emphasise that it is not possible to use a formula to [evaluate] difficulty at the individual sentence level ; a formula or graph can only make predictions about difficulty at a global level .

Attempts are therefore being made to assess activities and processes in more natural settings , either real or simulated .
attempts are therefore being made to [evaluate] activities and processes in more natural settings , either real or simulated .

Incidental `` assessment is contrasted with `` Purposive `` assessment in which a specially arranged procedure , such as a test , is designed to assess pupils ' achievement of specified criteria .
incidental `` assessment is contrasted with `` purposive `` assessment in which a specially arranged procedure , such as a test , is designed to [evaluate] pupils ' achievement of specified criteria .

There are schemes which assess processes only , those which assess processes and content separately and those which assess content `` incidentally `` while pupils are undertaking holistic tasks .
there are schemes which [evaluate] processes only , those which [evaluate] processes and content separately and those which [evaluate] content `` incidentally `` while pupils are undertaking holistic tasks .

There was also a need to cover as many of the topics in the foundation list as possible and assess them appropriately .
there was also a need to cover as many of the topics in the foundation list as possible and [evaluate] them appropriately .

There were a number of questions in written tests to assess pupils ' performance in finding the area or the perimeter of rectangular shapes .
there were a number of questions in written tests to [evaluate] pupils ' performance in finding the area or the perimeter of rectangular shapes .

If sufficiently precise , as in `` can add whole numbers summing to between 100 and 1,000 `` the criterion statement may specify the domain of test items from which a representative sample can be selected to assess pupils ' performance in relation to the criterion .
if sufficiently precise , as in `` can add whole numbers summing to between 100 and 1,000 `` the criterion statement may specify the domain of test items from which a representative sample can be selected to [evaluate] pupils ' performance in relation to the criterion .

However , where , as in the case of arithmetic , subject matter is defined by characteristic tasks which may be used to assess its attainment , criteria may be written subsequently to test items , as a description of typical items .
however , where , as in the case of arithmetic , subject matter is defined by characteristic tasks which may be used to [evaluate] its attainment , criteria may be written subsequently to test items , as a description of typical items .

These coefficients are sensitive both to the difficulty of a test as well as its reliability ( consistency ) and so it is not easy to assess the latter .
these coefficients are sensitive both to the difficulty of a test as well as its reliability ( consistency ) and so it is not easy to [evaluate] the latter .

Three of the questions in the Hull survey were designed to assess how well known these ideas have become .
three of the questions in the hull survey were designed to [evaluate] how well known these ideas have become .

Two laboratory studies which attempted to assess the effects of real-life stresses on dreams used patients either awaiting major surgery or undergoing group therapy , in which they had to prepare themselves for a session devoted entirely to their own problems .
two laboratory studies which attempted to [evaluate] the effects of real-life stresses on dreams used patients either awaiting major surgery or undergoing group therapy , in which they had to prepare themselves for a session devoted entirely to their own problems .

This process of cell flattening generally occurs at 3.5–7.5 h after the onset of the 8-cell stage ( 4th cell cycle ) and provides a useful transition point since , with experience , it is possible to assess complete compaction objectively .
this process of cell flattening generally occurs at 3.5–7.5 h after the onset of the 8-cell stage ( 4th cell cycle ) and provides a useful transition point since , with experience , it is possible to [evaluate] complete compaction objectively .

To assess the patient 's emotional and physical state , including signs of postoperative shock ( Chapter 5 ) and pain and to report these .
to [evaluate] the patient 's emotional and physical state , including signs of postoperative shock ( chapter 5 ) and pain and to report these .

Many people admitted to hospital will still be able to protect themselves from most hazards but it is the responsibility of the nurse to assess the patient 's ability to do this .
many people admitted to hospital will still be able to protect themselves from most hazards but it is the responsibility of the nurse to [evaluate] the patient 's ability to do this .

To assess whether patients are at risk for any reason and to minimize any risk to them .
to [evaluate] whether patients are at risk for any reason and to minimize any risk to them .

To assess Mr Reynolds ' fitness , various observations ( temperature , pulse , respirations , weight , urine tests ) and routine blood tests were carried out and checked to ensure that the results were within normal limits .
to [evaluate] mr reynolds ' fitness , various observations ( temperature , pulse , respirations , weight , urine tests ) and routine blood tests were carried out and checked to ensure that the results were within normal limits .

Refer patients to the physiotherapist who will assess each patient and teach them deep breathing exercises to improve respiratory efficiency .
refer patients to the physiotherapist who will [evaluate] each patient and teach them deep breathing exercises to improve respiratory efficiency .

Advice about any adaptations required will usually be given by the physiotherapist or occupational therapist and the patient may be taken on a home visit to assess his needs ( e.g .
advice about any adaptations required will usually be given by the physiotherapist or occupational therapist and the patient may be taken on a home visit to [evaluate] his needs ( e.g .

It was agreed that sister would ask the district nurse to visit him to assess his mobility at home and give him help initially to bath .
it was agreed that sister would ask the district nurse to visit him to [evaluate] his mobility at home and give him help initially to bath .

Has an exercise been carried out to assess the required nursing establishment for the whole of the service provided by the health authority ?
has an exercise been carried out to [evaluate] the required nursing establishment for the whole of the service provided by the health authority ?

Have steps been taken to assess the impact of educational events and learner allocation on the availability of manpower ?
have steps been taken to [evaluate] the impact of educational events and learner allocation on the availability of manpower ?

Have steps been taken to assess the impact of building programmes and medical staff absence on patient activities ?
have steps been taken to [evaluate] the impact of building programmes and medical staff absence on patient activities ?

Routine checks of ward rosters should be made to assess that ward managers are producing the best match between patient needs and staff off duty entitlements .
routine checks of ward rosters should be made to [evaluate] that ward managers are producing the best match between patient needs and staff off duty entitlements .

Are the managers of nurses given the opportunity to assess the consequences of the establishment of new or replacement consultant staff ?
are the managers of nurses given the opportunity to [evaluate] the consequences of the establishment of new or replacement consultant staff ?

When planning for the appointment of either additional or replacement medical staff , the manager should have the opportunity to assess the nursing consequences of the appointment .
when planning for the appointment of either additional or replacement medical staff , the manager should have the opportunity to [evaluate] the nursing consequences of the appointment .

The manager must assess the consequences of change in medical policy and relate the effect on workload to the number of staff available .
the manager must [evaluate] the consequences of change in medical policy and relate the effect on workload to the number of staff available .

We also teamed up with our Beauty Department to analyse and assess skincare products .
we also teamed up with our beauty department to analyse and [evaluate] skincare products .

Additionally , the stalemate over economic union makes it difficult to assess the costs of insurance or mortgages arranged abroad .
additionally , the stalemate over economic union makes it difficult to [evaluate] the costs of insurance or mortgages arranged abroad .

From another point of view , Newton has reconsidered the whole debate in an attempt to assess the impact of size both on functional effectiveness and democracy .
from another point of view , newton has reconsidered the whole debate in an attempt to [evaluate] the impact of size both on functional effectiveness and democracy .

Soviet views over Korea were not easy to assess .
soviet views over korea were not easy to [evaluate] .

Trials are currently being carried out in 12 areas involving 62,000 properties to assess its effects .
trials are currently being carried out in 12 areas involving 62,000 properties to [evaluate] its effects .

Have you ever wondered how driving instructors assess the most suitable car for their pupils to drive ?
have you ever wondered how driving instructors [evaluate] the most suitable car for their pupils to drive ?

Executives going on the course are expected to do 20–30 hours pre-work , in which they read the book and , with the help of questionnaires , assess themselves , their management styles and values .
executives going on the course are expected to do 20–30 hours pre-work , in which they read the book and , with the help of questionnaires , [evaluate] themselves , their management styles and values .

Users around the world are trying to assess the newer , cheaper and more open computers to decide when or whether to invest in them .
users around the world are trying to [evaluate] the newer , cheaper and more open computers to decide when or whether to invest in them .

‘ It 's difficult to assess the Aprilias .
‘ it 's difficult to [evaluate] the aprilias .

It will attempt to assess the overall stability of the pattern and discuss the underlying forces which affect it .
it will attempt to [evaluate] the overall stability of the pattern and discuss the underlying forces which affect it .

The members themselves are more difficult to assess and describe .
the members themselves are more difficult to [evaluate] and describe .

It 's important that an eye surgeon should assess retinal detachment .
it 's important that an eye surgeon should [evaluate] retinal detachment .

It simply endeavoured to survey the field of New Testament studies and to assess the value of various theories proposed .
it simply endeavoured to survey the field of new testament studies and to [evaluate] the value of various theories proposed .

With the discovery of the Dead Sea Scrolls , however , a corpus of Essene material was made available for the first time , and it is now possible to assess the Essenes on their own terms .
with the discovery of the dead sea scrolls , however , a corpus of essene material was made available for the first time , and it is now possible to [evaluate] the essenes on their own terms .

, of the user ; to outline the characteristics of the user 's ‘ drug career ’ so as to construct a typology of users and to assess whether there was any particular stage in a given career where it would be possible to target a user for treatment or intervention ; and , to ask users to assess their experience of local statutory and voluntary drugs services .
, of the user ; to outline the characteristics of the user 's ‘ drug career ’ so as to construct a typology of users and to [evaluate] whether there was any particular stage in a given career where it would be possible to target a user for treatment or intervention ; and , to ask users to [evaluate] their experience of local statutory and voluntary drugs services .

As has already been noted , because of their introspective lifestyle , many users find it difficult to step back and assess their situation objectively .
as has already been noted , because of their introspective lifestyle , many users find it difficult to step back and [evaluate] their situation objectively .

Such an order will not be made where the evidence is strongly contested or in cases where the trial judge will need to form an impression of the demeanour of the witness in order to assess his credibility .
such an order will not be made where the evidence is strongly contested or in cases where the trial judge will need to form an impression of the demeanour of the witness in order to [evaluate] his credibility .

In some cases , and especially where the witness has no interest in the outcome of the case , the lost opportunity to assess demeanour is of no great significance ; in others it is too great a price to pay .
in some cases , and especially where the witness has no interest in the outcome of the case , the lost opportunity to [evaluate] demeanour is of no great significance ; in others it is too great a price to pay .

However , previous research by this group has shown that some diabetic patients suffer a decrease in visual sensitivity that precedes loss of acuity and retinal changes , and the present study is designed to assess the prevalence of this preclinical dysfunction .
however , previous research by this group has shown that some diabetic patients suffer a decrease in visual sensitivity that precedes loss of acuity and retinal changes , and the present study is designed to [evaluate] the prevalence of this preclinical dysfunction .

With regard to the health care of older people the most salient feature of the new contract is that they will be required to annually invite each patient on their list aged 75 and over to participate in a consultation which should assess the health of the patient .
with regard to the health care of older people the most salient feature of the new contract is that they will be required to annually invite each patient on their list aged 75 and over to participate in a consultation which should [evaluate] the health of the patient .

She would have known , as Diana discovered too late , that Camilla 's famous vetting of Charles 's girlfriends was not so much to assess their potential as a royal bride but to see how much of a threat they posed to her friendship with Prince Charles .
she would have known , as diana discovered too late , that camilla 's famous vetting of charles 's girlfriends was not so much to [evaluate] their potential as a royal bride but to see how much of a threat they posed to her friendship with prince charles .

The need for confidentiality between intermediary and client means that an investor is generally unable to assess the worth of the variety of services made available to him .
the need for confidentiality between intermediary and client means that an investor is generally unable to [evaluate] the worth of the variety of services made available to him .

If market forces fail , serious economic consequences could result ; it would be difficult to assess the economic costs of these abuses .
if market forces fail , serious economic consequences could result ; it would be difficult to [evaluate] the economic costs of these abuses .

Admittedly , these are all important areas of concern , but moral reasoning should not be made subservient to what are themselves value laden economic arguments which do not always take into account the totality of the costs they purport to assess .
admittedly , these are all important areas of concern , but moral reasoning should not be made subservient to what are themselves value laden economic arguments which do not always take into account the totality of the costs they purport to [evaluate] .

We examined the immunoreactivity of a large range of tumour marker antisera in a series of adenocarcinomas and their respective metastases to determine whether patterns of reactivity could help identify the primary sites of metastases and to assess the clinical value of this system as a routine method of investigation .
we examined the immunoreactivity of a large range of tumour marker antisera in a series of adenocarcinomas and their respective metastases to determine whether patterns of reactivity could help identify the primary sites of metastases and to [evaluate] the clinical value of this system as a routine method of investigation .

To identify cases of inherited prion diseases in Britain and to assess their phenotypic features .
to identify cases of inherited prion diseases in britain and to [evaluate] their phenotypic features .

The fasting plasma glucose and insulin concentrations were interpreted by homeostasis model assessment to assess β cell function and insulin sensitivity .
the fasting plasma glucose and insulin concentrations were interpreted by homeostasis model assessment to [evaluate] β cell function and insulin sensitivity .

The authority will assess the community 's health needs and reflect national and regional priorities .
the authority will [evaluate] the community 's health needs and reflect national and regional priorities .

Although the original intention had been to formally assess the new curriculum before deciding to extend it to the rest of the school , various forces came into play to ensure that by 1987 the entire 160 strong intake was studying the new pathway course .
although the original intention had been to formally [evaluate] the new curriculum before deciding to extend it to the rest of the school , various forces came into play to ensure that by 1987 the entire 160 strong intake was studying the new pathway course .

Though no good new assays exist to supplement assays of alkaline phosphatase to assess bone formation , more specific markers are becoming available for bone resorption .
though no good new assays exist to supplement assays of alkaline phosphatase to [evaluate] bone formation , more specific markers are becoming available for bone resorption .

It is difficult to assess at this stage what the repercussions of these provisions on this sector will be , but it is important to oppose yet another Tory move to minimise statutory responsibility to provide housing for people without homes .
it is difficult to [evaluate] at this stage what the repercussions of these provisions on this sector will be , but it is important to oppose yet another tory move to minimise statutory responsibility to provide housing for people without homes .

Hundreds of tests were done by all sorts , shapes , and sizes of student volunteers to establish the validity of the method , which was then used to assess the performance of a rucksack more accurately than ever before .
hundreds of tests were done by all sorts , shapes , and sizes of student volunteers to establish the validity of the method , which was then used to [evaluate] the performance of a rucksack more accurately than ever before .

This charge against Latimer was almost certainly baseless , though it is more difficult to assess whether he had made undue profits for himself out of the campaign in Brittany .
this charge against latimer was almost certainly baseless , though it is more difficult to [evaluate] whether he had made undue profits for himself out of the campaign in brittany .

It 's hoped that by the end of July a Waveney class lifeboat from the reserve fleet will be based at Torness provisionally for one year to assess its viability as a mooring and operational base for Dunbar 's all-weather lifeboat .
it 's hoped that by the end of july a waveney class lifeboat from the reserve fleet will be based at torness provisionally for one year to [evaluate] its viability as a mooring and operational base for dunbar 's all-weather lifeboat .

These require employers to assess users ' workstations to ensure they meet certain standards .
these require employers to [evaluate] users ' workstations to ensure they meet certain standards .

The aim was to determine the condition of bindings and assess the effectiveness of past preservation policy , to measure the demand for present and future binding-related conservation work , and to identify areas from which material in need of remedial treatment should be taken .
the aim was to determine the condition of bindings and [evaluate] the effectiveness of past preservation policy , to measure the demand for present and future binding-related conservation work , and to identify areas from which material in need of remedial treatment should be taken .

One by one , they were taken out by the instructor so he could assess their skill and how much of the tuition we had taken in .
one by one , they were taken out by the instructor so he could [evaluate] their skill and how much of the tuition we had taken in .

The certificate is a practical award that assess the candidate 's actual performance and it can be tailored to meet the needs of each candidate .
the certificate is a practical award that [evaluate] the candidate 's actual performance and it can be tailored to meet the needs of each candidate .

It said the rescheduling was part of a management process ‘ to assess which development scenarios realise the best value .
it said the rescheduling was part of a management process ‘ to [evaluate] which development scenarios realise the best value .

One key area to be addressed is the potential for integration of assessment — that is , to use a single instrument of assessment to assess several outcomes in the same unit or indeed outcomes across more than one unit .
one key area to be addressed is the potential for integration of assessment — that is , to use a single instrument of assessment to [evaluate] several outcomes in the same unit or indeed outcomes across more than one unit .

In addition , guidance in the form of performance evidence , assessment evidence , assessment methods and related knowledge will be provided for the benefit of those who have to implement and assess standards .
in addition , guidance in the form of performance evidence , assessment evidence , assessment methods and related knowledge will be provided for the benefit of those who have to implement and [evaluate] standards .

The centre assures the supply and availability of the resources necessary to support and assess candidates ' achievement of the award 's outcomes to the required performance criteria and in the appropriate range of settings .
the centre assures the supply and availability of the resources necessary to support and [evaluate] candidates ' achievement of the award 's outcomes to the required performance criteria and in the appropriate range of settings .

This means that the professionals who teach or train candidates also assess them .
this means that the professionals who teach or train candidates also [evaluate] them .

This helps to give better information on the risk/reward balance of various investment options and to assess the performance of fund managers .
this helps to give better information on the risk/reward balance of various investment options and to [evaluate] the performance of fund managers .

Trial , by contrast , is reserved for cases where the factual issues are straightforward ( most often road traffic accidents ) , and the jury is asked simply to answer the question of fault with a ‘ Yes ’ or ‘ No ’ answer , going on thereafter to assess damages .
trial , by contrast , is reserved for cases where the factual issues are straightforward ( most often road traffic accidents ) , and the jury is asked simply to answer the question of fault with a ‘ yes ’ or ‘ no ’ answer , going on thereafter to [evaluate] damages .

In the event that further investigation was required during the Adjustment Period , now is the appropriate time to assess that evidence and , if appropriate , to take further steps to attempt settlement .
in the event that further investigation was required during the adjustment period , now is the appropriate time to [evaluate] that evidence and , if appropriate , to take further steps to attempt settlement .

As soon as the news broke , Historic Scotland inspectors made their way to Shetland to assess the damage to archaeological sites .
as soon as the news broke , historic scotland inspectors made their way to shetland to [evaluate] the damage to archaeological sites .

Ignoring employees ' own capacity to recognise , assess and minimise risk may well mean the risks themselves — the obvious physical ones ( fire , explosion ) and the more mundane and nebulous but often more far-reaching threats to business survival ( financial or market-oriented ) — are overlooked too .
ignoring employees ' own capacity to recognise , [evaluate] and minimise risk may well mean the risks themselves — the obvious physical ones ( fire , explosion ) and the more mundane and nebulous but often more far-reaching threats to business survival ( financial or market-oriented ) — are overlooked too .

To ensure that the external assessors are independent of , and are clearly seen as being independent of , the directors of the companies they assess , an audit review panel should take responsibility for the appointment , and the termination of the appointment , of the external assessors .
to ensure that the external assessors are independent of , and are clearly seen as being independent of , the directors of the companies they [evaluate] , an audit review panel should take responsibility for the appointment , and the termination of the appointment , of the external assessors .

Managers do not only need to prepare for the dramatic disaster which may occur but should also try and assess the risk potential of those crucial everyday activities , says Neil Fitzgerald .
managers do not only need to prepare for the dramatic disaster which may occur but should also try and [evaluate] the risk potential of those crucial everyday activities , says neil fitzgerald .

He will examine the profit and loss accounts and assess the current trading position from all available sales and purchasing information .
he will examine the profit and loss accounts and [evaluate] the current trading position from all available sales and purchasing information .

However , it is always repayable on demand and due to the fluctuating interest rate , costs may be difficult to assess over longer periods .
however , it is always repayable on demand and due to the fluctuating interest rate , costs may be difficult to [evaluate] over longer periods .

While it may be straightforward to assess whether a lease is renewed properly or a contract accurately drafted — it will soon be clear if they have been or not — these transactions do n't carry much potential for building long-term relationships or adding value through additional services .
while it may be straightforward to [evaluate] whether a lease is renewed properly or a contract accurately drafted — it will soon be clear if they have been or not — these transactions do n't carry much potential for building long-term relationships or adding value through additional services .

The project will assess existing courses on information seeking skills organised by the Library and design new methods and materials for future courses .
the project will [evaluate] existing courses on information seeking skills organised by the library and design new methods and materials for future courses .

In conjunction with the Master Innholders with whom it is closely associated , the Worshipful Company has commissioned Gayton Consultancy to undertake a survey to assess the current levels of training received by management .
in conjunction with the master innholders with whom it is closely associated , the worshipful company has commissioned gayton consultancy to undertake a survey to [evaluate] the current levels of training received by management .

An Investor in People evaluates the investment in training and development to assess achievement and improve future effectiveness .
an investor in people evaluates the investment in training and development to [evaluate] achievement and improve future effectiveness .

Workstart is an experimental programme to help us assess what forms of wage subsidy work best .
workstart is an experimental programme to help us [evaluate] what forms of wage subsidy work best .

The draft Structure Plan Review will assess the requirement for new housing land and decide , in general terms , where it ought to be located .
the draft structure plan review will [evaluate] the requirement for new housing land and decide , in general terms , where it ought to be located .

It is difficult to assess the long term benefit of such a campaign as individual cases now coming to light clearly heard some of the publicity which was beneficial to them at the time but did not result in them making a call at that particular time .
it is difficult to [evaluate] the long term benefit of such a campaign as individual cases now coming to light clearly heard some of the publicity which was beneficial to them at the time but did not result in them making a call at that particular time .

* Assess risks to their employees and others who may be affected
* [evaluate] risks to their employees and others who may be affected

His eyes seemed to be trying to assess how much he knew .
his eyes seemed to be trying to [evaluate] how much he knew .

In addition to departmental seminars , there are courses in research methodology and practice and regular meetings with a review board to assess progress .
in addition to departmental seminars , there are courses in research methodology and practice and regular meetings with a review board to [evaluate] progress .

The aim is to improve the scientific basis of investigation and management in the practice of environmental health and to equip participants with the strategic skills to assess and advise on the control of the risks to health from the environment .
the aim is to improve the scientific basis of investigation and management in the practice of environmental health and to equip participants with the strategic skills to [evaluate] and advise on the control of the risks to health from the environment .

He had thought he would invite her out for lunch , talk to her , try and work things out , assess things .
he had thought he would invite her out for lunch , talk to her , try and work things out , [evaluate] things .

The purpose of the dance panel was to assess applications for degrees in dance , and as Brinson emphasizes , 1975–76 was still a period when it was possible to envisage the development of subjects and the availability of resources .
the purpose of the dance panel was to [evaluate] applications for degrees in dance , and as brinson emphasizes , 1975–76 was still a period when it was possible to envisage the development of subjects and the availability of resources .

This prospectus is designed to help you to assess the practical possibilities for study at Edinburgh .
this prospectus is designed to help you to [evaluate] the practical possibilities for study at edinburgh .

So take advantage , as early as possible , of the facilities offered , to assess your interests , abilities and aspirations and to relate these to the opportunities available .
so take advantage , as early as possible , of the facilities offered , to [evaluate] your interests , abilities and aspirations and to relate these to the opportunities available .

They should be able to analyse arguments and assess their validity , and to express themselves in a clear , exact and literate way .
they should be able to analyse arguments and [evaluate] their validity , and to express themselves in a clear , exact and literate way .

There have been very few direct attempts to assess the significance of corporatism for the administrative branch of the state .
there have been very few direct attempts to [evaluate] the significance of corporatism for the administrative branch of the state .

Crozier developed the idea that the centrality , immediacy and pervasiveness of units within an organization could be measured in order to assess the relative power of different organizational groupings .
crozier developed the idea that the centrality , immediacy and pervasiveness of units within an organization could be measured in order to [evaluate] the relative power of different organizational groupings .

This is followed by a summary of the criticisms that have been made of the model and its policy prescriptions in order to assess the utility of such an approach to an understanding of bureaucracy .
this is followed by a summary of the criticisms that have been made of the model and its policy prescriptions in order to [evaluate] the utility of such an approach to an understanding of bureaucracy .

It is difficult to assess the importance of such organizations .
it is difficult to [evaluate] the importance of such organizations .

The slides were examined using transmitted light microscopy to assess qualitatively the presence or absence of immunostaining , and its distribution .
the slides were examined using transmitted light microscopy to [evaluate] qualitatively the presence or absence of immunostaining , and its distribution .

The histological scoring was performed by the two pathologists separately in order to assess reproducibility .
the histological scoring was performed by the two pathologists separately in order to [evaluate] reproducibility .

This study attempted to follow up 93 consecutive patients whose anaemia remained obscure after these investigations to determine the outcome and assess the safety of this limited approach .
this study attempted to follow up 93 consecutive patients whose anaemia remained obscure after these investigations to determine the outcome and [evaluate] the safety of this limited approach .

To determine the outcome and to assess how safe this approach is we have followed up 93 consecutive patients presenting between 1980 and 1988 with iron deficiency anaemia in whom the above investigations were negative .
to determine the outcome and to [evaluate] how safe this approach is we have followed up 93 consecutive patients presenting between 1980 and 1988 with iron deficiency anaemia in whom the above investigations were negative .

This paper describes a technique that allows metabolism of nutrients to be assessed in whole epithelial biopsy specimens , and this technique has been used to assess the metabolism of butyrate and glutamine by ileal and colonic biopsy specimens from patients with idiopathic ulcerative colitis and controls .
this paper describes a technique that allows metabolism of nutrients to be assessed in whole epithelial biopsy specimens , and this technique has been used to [evaluate] the metabolism of butyrate and glutamine by ileal and colonic biopsy specimens from patients with idiopathic ulcerative colitis and controls .

Since it is not practical to assess the recurrence of strictures by repeated radiologic and endoscopic examinations , repeat dilatation up to 15 mm was done whenever dysphagia recurred ( symptomatic recurrence ) .
since it is not practical to [evaluate] the recurrence of strictures by repeated radiologic and endoscopic examinations , repeat dilatation up to 15 mm was done whenever dysphagia recurred ( symptomatic recurrence ) .

If dysphagia persisted despite dilatation , barium swallow examination was undertaken to assess the oesophageal lumen .
if dysphagia persisted despite dilatation , barium swallow examination was undertaken to [evaluate] the oesophageal lumen .

Ideally the initial investigation should be total colonoscopy as this will not only examine for malignant lesions but offers an opportunity to assess the mucosa for angiodysplasia .
ideally the initial investigation should be total colonoscopy as this will not only examine for malignant lesions but offers an opportunity to [evaluate] the mucosa for angiodysplasia .

Although the recommendation of combined use was based on rational pathophysiological principles , only randomised trial data can be used to assess the net risk-to-benefit ratio for the combination of these agents .
although the recommendation of combined use was based on rational pathophysiological principles , only randomised trial data can be used to [evaluate] the net risk-to-benefit ratio for the combination of these agents .

There have been no mortality trials of adequate sample size to assess the role of heparin as sole adjunctive therapy to thrombolysis .
there have been no mortality trials of adequate sample size to [evaluate] the role of heparin as sole adjunctive therapy to thrombolysis .

In this prospective study , we describe our unique experience in the selection and management of 113 patients treated by percutaneous cholecystolithotomy and assess early outcome with regard to symptoms , stone recurrence and gall bladder function .
in this prospective study , we describe our unique experience in the selection and management of 113 patients treated by percutaneous cholecystolithotomy and [evaluate] early outcome with regard to symptoms , stone recurrence and gall bladder function .

An ultrasound scan was done , as already described to assess stone status and gall bladder emptying .
an ultrasound scan was done , as already described to [evaluate] stone status and gall bladder emptying .

The second aim was to assess whether , as a bulking agent , psyllium could modify echographic gastric emptying time and , in parallel , sensations of hunger and satiety .
the second aim was to [evaluate] whether , as a bulking agent , psyllium could modify echographic gastric emptying time and , in parallel , sensations of hunger and satiety .

The ability of the technique to simultaneously assess morphology and function , makes it an ideal medium for investigation of the physiology of the human gastrointestinal tract .
the ability of the technique to simultaneously [evaluate] morphology and function , makes it an ideal medium for investigation of the physiology of the human gastrointestinal tract .

Patients with uncontrolled bleeding may be referred for surgery after considerable blood loss and are then extremely difficult to assess .
patients with uncontrolled bleeding may be referred for surgery after considerable blood loss and are then extremely difficult to [evaluate] .

Regional studies seem more appropriate if one is to assess colonic permeability .
regional studies seem more appropriate if one is to [evaluate] colonic permeability .

There is no simple method to assess proliferation in single gastric crypts .
there is no simple method to [evaluate] proliferation in single gastric crypts .

If basket impaction is to be avoided , it is essential to assess the size of the sphincterotomy and the lower common bile duct with a balloon catheter , and to compare the size of the balloon with the stone ( s ) to be removed .
if basket impaction is to be avoided , it is essential to [evaluate] the size of the sphincterotomy and the lower common bile duct with a balloon catheter , and to compare the size of the balloon with the stone ( s ) to be removed .

The purposes of this 2 year prospective study were : ( 1 ) to determine whether rectal epithelial cell proliferation evaluated at index polypectomy can be used to predict the risk for adenoma recurrence and ( 2 ) to assess the stability of this marker over time .
the purposes of this 2 year prospective study were : ( 1 ) to determine whether rectal epithelial cell proliferation evaluated at index polypectomy can be used to predict the risk for adenoma recurrence and ( 2 ) to [evaluate] the stability of this marker over time .

This study aimed to assess :
this study aimed to [evaluate] :

We did not quantitate respiratory disease or dust exposure in our study , and hence we are unable to assess the effect of this variable .
we did not quantitate respiratory disease or dust exposure in our study , and hence we are unable to [evaluate] the effect of this variable .

Extended follow up is required , to assess the longterm effects , particularly the stricture recurrence rate after final stent removal .
extended follow up is required , to [evaluate] the longterm effects , particularly the stricture recurrence rate after final stent removal .

By working closely with each individual member to assess managerial competences , Henley will help to compile a clear set of development needs .
by working closely with each individual member to [evaluate] managerial competences , henley will help to compile a clear set of development needs .

Further questions and observations were made to assess the severity of any diarrhoeal or respiratory illnesses reported ( to be published elsewhere ) .
further questions and observations were made to [evaluate] the severity of any diarrhoeal or respiratory illnesses reported ( to be published elsewhere ) .

The purpose of this prospective , double-blind , crossover trial was to assess the effects of supplemental oxygen on the intensity of dyspnoea .
the purpose of this prospective , double-blind , crossover trial was to [evaluate] the effects of supplemental oxygen on the intensity of dyspnoea .

Neither figure displays the within-group variation or the numbers of subjects within each stratum , both of which are necessary to assess the meaningfulness of the between-group differences .
neither figure displays the within-group variation or the numbers of subjects within each stratum , both of which are necessary to [evaluate] the meaningfulness of the between-group differences .

However , it is likely that fixed costs would increase , but we have no available information to assess this possible option .
however , it is likely that fixed costs would increase , but we have no available information to [evaluate] this possible option .

Although this factor may be difficult to assess in monetary terms it may be influential in the make or buy decision .
although this factor may be difficult to [evaluate] in monetary terms it may be influential in the make or buy decision .

27 patients ( 32 treatments ) had a clinical response assessment and 33 patients ( 36 treatments ) had day 6 or 7 CCa mesurements available to assess acute response .
27 patients ( 32 treatments ) had a clinical response assessment and 33 patients ( 36 treatments ) had day 6 or 7 cca mesurements available to [evaluate] acute response .

To assess the predictive value of these features we undertook prospective surveillance of patients at high risk of primary melanoma .
to [evaluate] the predictive value of these features we undertook prospective surveillance of patients at high risk of primary melanoma .

It is left to readers to assess whether such explanations appear reasonable or contrived .
it is left to readers to [evaluate] whether such explanations appear reasonable or contrived .

To be able to assess and verify the current status of the software which is approved , the approver must be aware of which SSRs will still apply to the package and its contents once approval is granted .
to be able to [evaluate] and verify the current status of the software which is approved , the approver must be aware of which ssrs will still apply to the package and its contents once approval is granted .

If you are asked to assess a Design Change , it is because you are manager of one or more of the modules referenced , or manager of a package containing one or more of these modules .
if you are asked to [evaluate] a design change , it is because you are manager of one or more of the modules referenced , or manager of a package containing one or more of these modules .

Whether this was a result of the improved economic conditions on one hand or the introduction of pro-natalist measures it is difficult to assess .
whether this was a result of the improved economic conditions on one hand or the introduction of pro-natalist measures it is difficult to [evaluate] .

Both managers said they would assess managerial competence by a person 's ability to achieve the goals expected of them by the organisation .
both managers said they would [evaluate] managerial competence by a person 's ability to achieve the goals expected of them by the organisation .

How would you assess whether a manager or supervisor was good at his job ?
how would you [evaluate] whether a manager or supervisor was good at his job ?

’ Critically assess this view .
’ critically [evaluate] this view .

It is difficult to assess exactly what all these developments mean individually , but when you step back and look at them as a whole trend , the implications become clear .
it is difficult to [evaluate] exactly what all these developments mean individually , but when you step back and look at them as a whole trend , the implications become clear .

Their responsibility is to the management of the firm and their task is to assess the internal control systems of the organization .
their responsibility is to the management of the firm and their task is to [evaluate] the internal control systems of the organization .

Internal auditors will review the accounting systems and related controls , examine the financial and operating information needed for management ( including detailed tests of transactions and balances ) , assess the efficiency and effectiveness of controls and review the implementation of corporate objectives .
internal auditors will review the accounting systems and related controls , examine the financial and operating information needed for management ( including detailed tests of transactions and balances ) , [evaluate] the efficiency and effectiveness of controls and review the implementation of corporate objectives .

to assess compliance with internal procedures ( for example , standing orders or standing financial instructions in a public sector organization ) .
to [evaluate] compliance with internal procedures ( for example , standing orders or standing financial instructions in a public sector organization ) .

Preparation of an internal control questionnaire in which the auditor devises a series of questions to assess the strengths and weaknesses of a system and to test whether an objective of control is capable of being met by the system .
preparation of an internal control questionnaire in which the auditor devises a series of questions to [evaluate] the strengths and weaknesses of a system and to test whether an objective of control is capable of being met by the system .

setting a project budget which can be used to assess progress towards completion of the programme .
setting a project budget which can be used to [evaluate] progress towards completion of the programme .

Tests are being carried out to assess the commercial value of the engineered strain .
tests are being carried out to [evaluate] the commercial value of the engineered strain .

According to Lao National Radio on that day , the conference would `` examine thoroughly the performance of each financial agency and locality ; evaluate correctly the achievements made by the financial sector over the past 15 years ; and assess the current economic and financial situation and remaining problems so as to find effective measures to open the way for socio-economic development with new mechanisms `` .
according to lao national radio on that day , the conference would `` examine thoroughly the performance of each financial agency and locality ; evaluate correctly the achievements made by the financial sector over the past 15 years ; and [evaluate] the current economic and financial situation and remaining problems so as to find effective measures to open the way for socio-economic development with new mechanisms `` .

Murray 's brief was to travel throughout the country and to assess whether it was possible to construct a consensus around Meech Lake which was acceptable to all of the country 's provinces .
murray 's brief was to travel throughout the country and to [evaluate] whether it was possible to construct a consensus around meech lake which was acceptable to all of the country 's provinces .

As chairman of the session , Gorbachev returned to this issue later in the proceedings , and secured a similar two-to-one majority in favour of his proposal to assess the work of the members of the politburo as a whole , rather than individually .
as chairman of the session , gorbachev returned to this issue later in the proceedings , and secured a similar two-to-one majority in favour of his proposal to [evaluate] the work of the members of the politburo as a whole , rather than individually .

On Sept. 19 Prince Sadruddin Aga Khan , appointed by Pérez de Cuéllar to take charge of humanitarian aid , abandoned an attempt to assess the humanitarian needs of foreign refugees in Iraq and Kuwait , having been denied entry to Iraq . )
on sept. 19 prince sadruddin aga khan , appointed by pérez de cuéllar to take charge of humanitarian aid , abandoned an attempt to [evaluate] the humanitarian needs of foreign refugees in iraq and kuwait , having been denied entry to iraq . )

Six division lists and two detailed forecasts enable us to assess the consistency of voting patterns in the Lords in Anne 's reign .
six division lists and two detailed forecasts enable us to [evaluate] the consistency of voting patterns in the lords in anne 's reign .

Throughout our period , however , we see that Whigs were prepared to hold up an independent standard by which to assess the legitimacy of authority , that of fundamental law or natural law , and they were willing to challenge the legitimacy of established authority ( whether royal or Parliamentary ) if power was exercised in violation of people 's natural rights .
throughout our period , however , we see that whigs were prepared to hold up an independent standard by which to [evaluate] the legitimacy of authority , that of fundamental law or natural law , and they were willing to challenge the legitimacy of established authority ( whether royal or parliamentary ) if power was exercised in violation of people 's natural rights .

Games can be non-threatening be fun to play indicate clearly to the children that a different kind of thought process is going to be required of them in the drama session introduce collaborative ways of working focus and channel energies which might otherwise become distracting create useful opportunities for the teacher to assess the mood and interests of the class .
games can be non-threatening be fun to play indicate clearly to the children that a different kind of thought process is going to be required of them in the drama session introduce collaborative ways of working focus and channel energies which might otherwise become distracting create useful opportunities for the teacher to [evaluate] the mood and interests of the class .

But , as James Cable and others have pointed out , it was often difficult to assess the seriousness of his more vehement statements , and how far they were made to test reactions and influence opinion at home and abroad .
but , as james cable and others have pointed out , it was often difficult to [evaluate] the seriousness of his more vehement statements , and how far they were made to test reactions and influence opinion at home and abroad .

It is difficult , nevertheless , to assess the extent to which this perspective is actually appropriate to the reigns of Avitus , Majorian and Anthemius .
it is difficult , nevertheless , to [evaluate] the extent to which this perspective is actually appropriate to the reigns of avitus , majorian and anthemius .

If Chlothild 's influence on relations between Franks and Burgundians is hard to assess , so too is her role in her husband 's conversion .
if chlothild 's influence on relations between franks and burgundians is hard to [evaluate] , so too is her role in her husband 's conversion .

This bias of Gregory makes it very difficult to assess the regularity of tax collection , but on one occasion the bishop of Tours does allow some insight into what appears to be the norm .
this bias of gregory makes it very difficult to [evaluate] the regularity of tax collection , but on one occasion the bishop of tours does allow some insight into what appears to be the norm .

Informing the auditors : It is a requirement of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales , under whose regulations and guidance we act , that we should notify a client 's incumbent auditors or accountants of the scope of our appointment in order that they may assess whether the appointment has a bearing on their own continuing responsibilities .
informing the auditors : it is a requirement of the institute of chartered accountants in england and wales , under whose regulations and guidance we act , that we should notify a client 's incumbent auditors or accountants of the scope of our appointment in order that they may [evaluate] whether the appointment has a bearing on their own continuing responsibilities .

The client can then assess the probable costs of abandoning the disposal at each stage of the process should a sale begin to look unlikely .
the client can then [evaluate] the probable costs of abandoning the disposal at each stage of the process should a sale begin to look unlikely .

participating members , who are requested to assess or react to the process commenced by the initiating member ; and
participating members , who are requested to [evaluate] or react to the process commenced by the initiating member ; and

Before distributing details to the Network , assess whether the sell situation meets the Network criteria :
before distributing details to the network , [evaluate] whether the sell situation meets the network criteria :

Before commencing the acquisition process the potential purchaser should set its corporate objectives and assess its ability to achieve these objectives from the existing business .
before commencing the acquisition process the potential purchaser should set its corporate objectives and [evaluate] its ability to achieve these objectives from the existing business .

This will help them to assess the reasonableness of any subsequent offer ; for example , are the vendors to be rewarded for any synergies or rationalisation benefits resulting from the transaction ?
this will help them to [evaluate] the reasonableness of any subsequent offer ; for example , are the vendors to be rewarded for any synergies or rationalisation benefits resulting from the transaction ?

Contingent liabilities where it will not be possible to assess objectively prior to completion the likelihood of crystallisation , the possible timing of crystallisation and/or the financial effect ( for example potential environmental damage claims ) .
contingent liabilities where it will not be possible to [evaluate] objectively prior to completion the likelihood of crystallisation , the possible timing of crystallisation and/or the financial effect ( for example potential environmental damage claims ) .

The value of a holding in a listed company is generally not difficult to assess as market forces will determine the market value .
the value of a holding in a listed company is generally not difficult to [evaluate] as market forces will determine the market value .

Care should be taken to assess the effect of forced sales on fixed assets and stocks , the level of recoverability of receivables and the discount to be applied .
care should be taken to [evaluate] the effect of forced sales on fixed assets and stocks , the level of recoverability of receivables and the discount to be applied .

Only if you understand what the clause is supposed to do , can you assess whether or not it is terribly important to your side and negotiate accordingly .
only if you understand what the clause is supposed to do , can you [evaluate] whether or not it is terribly important to your side and negotiate accordingly .

In some cases rescission may not be an adequate remedy for lost expectations . And how do you assess whether a breach is ‘ material ’ especially when the pre-completion period is relatively short ?
in some cases rescission may not be an adequate remedy for lost expectations . and how do you [evaluate] whether a breach is ‘ material ’ especially when the pre-completion period is relatively short ?

It is difficult to assess market value particularly in relation to goodwill ; much time can be spent in arguing about the measure of damages when the parties ought to simply concentrate on establishing whether or not the breach occurred .
it is difficult to [evaluate] market value particularly in relation to goodwill ; much time can be spent in arguing about the measure of damages when the parties ought to simply concentrate on establishing whether or not the breach occurred .

Compromise:each side needs to assess which measure is likely to suit it best . Broadly speaking : —
compromise:each side needs to [evaluate] which measure is likely to suit it best . broadly speaking : —

The Purchaser wishes to assess how good a ‘ risk ’ the present customers of the Business are .
the purchaser wishes to [evaluate] how good a ‘ risk ’ the present customers of the business are .

In order to assess how ‘ fair ’ the warranted Accounts are and to verify or compare profit/and/or net asset growth it is useful to be able to assume that previous accounts have been drawn up on a similar basis and that , for example , the Vendor has not unfairly weighted the profits for the warranted Accounts .
in order to [evaluate] how ‘ fair ’ the warranted accounts are and to verify or compare profit/and/or net asset growth it is useful to be able to assume that previous accounts have been drawn up on a similar basis and that , for example , the vendor has not unfairly weighted the profits for the warranted accounts .

Look at the ground between you and the green and assess whether the ball will run truly .
look at the ground between you and the green and [evaluate] whether the ball will run truly .

The present inquiry examines in what ways the attitudes to new techniques were affected by unique circumstances of our pioneer industrial revolution ; tries to assess the extent to which Victorian businessmen and their successors failed to comprehend that a continuous regard for new techniques was a condition of survival in a competitive system ; considers the effects of two World Wars on technical innovation ; and presents the achievements and failures in a broad historical context .
the present inquiry examines in what ways the attitudes to new techniques were affected by unique circumstances of our pioneer industrial revolution ; tries to [evaluate] the extent to which victorian businessmen and their successors failed to comprehend that a continuous regard for new techniques was a condition of survival in a competitive system ; considers the effects of two world wars on technical innovation ; and presents the achievements and failures in a broad historical context .

The epidemics which have been chosen ( 1630-33 in Italy and 1665 in England ) are well known from the descriptions of contemporary writers , and there are excellent official records , generated at both government and parish level , from which it is possible to assess the status of the victims .
the epidemics which have been chosen ( 1630-33 in italy and 1665 in england ) are well known from the descriptions of contemporary writers , and there are excellent official records , generated at both government and parish level , from which it is possible to [evaluate] the status of the victims .

Although the role of Western doctors in the introduction of Western medicine to China has been known about in a general sense for a long time , no studies exist which assess the contributions of British doctors in the last two centuries , yet evidence suggests that these were by no means insubstantial .
although the role of western doctors in the introduction of western medicine to china has been known about in a general sense for a long time , no studies exist which [evaluate] the contributions of british doctors in the last two centuries , yet evidence suggests that these were by no means insubstantial .

This project is to assess whether sufficient material exists to enable a more substantial research project to be undertaken .
this project is to [evaluate] whether sufficient material exists to enable a more substantial research project to be undertaken .

Linking with research groups in Europe it will assess the extent of differences between English and continental policemen .
linking with research groups in europe it will [evaluate] the extent of differences between english and continental policemen .

The aim of this study is to assess the effectiveness of an experimental programme being undertaken by the Trident Trust .
the aim of this study is to [evaluate] the effectiveness of an experimental programme being undertaken by the trident trust .

Part of the management task is to identify and assess changing economic , business , and political conditions , and develop and then implement new strategies to improve the firms ' competitive performance .
part of the management task is to identify and [evaluate] changing economic , business , and political conditions , and develop and then implement new strategies to improve the firms ' competitive performance .

The objectives of the research are to increase understanding of the problems and difficulties associated with implementing performance management in a single government policy area which straddles central government , local government and a range of statutory agencies ; and to evaluate those changing practices across a spectrum of organisations and thereby to assess the quality of approach in order to disseminate best practice .
the objectives of the research are to increase understanding of the problems and difficulties associated with implementing performance management in a single government policy area which straddles central government , local government and a range of statutory agencies ; and to evaluate those changing practices across a spectrum of organisations and thereby to [evaluate] the quality of approach in order to disseminate best practice .

The aim of this pilot study is to assess the market opportunities for the Board 's craft skills leaflets and management instruction guides in the developing countries of Africa .
the aim of this pilot study is to [evaluate] the market opportunities for the board 's craft skills leaflets and management instruction guides in the developing countries of africa .

The purpose of this research is to assess the impact of the Data Protection Act from the users ' point of view , with particular reference to the small business .
the purpose of this research is to [evaluate] the impact of the data protection act from the users ' point of view , with particular reference to the small business .

The research aims to describe , and to examine the reasons for , the world-wide trend towards financial diversification ; to assess the risks involved ; and to recommend an appropriate policy response .
the research aims to describe , and to examine the reasons for , the world-wide trend towards financial diversification ; to [evaluate] the risks involved ; and to recommend an appropriate policy response .

The objective of this research is to assess the validity of the view that the stock market undervalues research and development expenditure by firms , and consequently allocates insufficient funds to technically innovative firms .
the objective of this research is to [evaluate] the validity of the view that the stock market undervalues research and development expenditure by firms , and consequently allocates insufficient funds to technically innovative firms .

The aim of this project is to assess the technological level of the economy in the ‘ newly democratising ’ countries of what was generally called Eastern Europe , namely Bulgaria , Czechoslovakia , Hungary and Poland .
the aim of this project is to [evaluate] the technological level of the economy in the ‘ newly democratising ’ countries of what was generally called eastern europe , namely bulgaria , czechoslovakia , hungary and poland .

It is intended to approach this by studying : — their patenting activity by means of patents granted to them in the United States in the past 25 years ; this will indicate the areas where the industries/economies of each country — and their research/innovative activity appears to be strongest ; — the adoption of the selected major postwar innovations and their diffusion in the industries of each of the countries covered ; — their performance in ‘ high-technology ’ areas ; — certain indicators of the countries ' energy economics ; — and possibly assess their productivity level in comparison with some West European countries ; Economic research institutes in Sofia , Prague , Budapest and Warsaw will cooperate by providing — where necessary — the technical and statistical information required .
it is intended to approach this by studying : — their patenting activity by means of patents granted to them in the united states in the past 25 years ; this will indicate the areas where the industries/economies of each country — and their research/innovative activity appears to be strongest ; — the adoption of the selected major postwar innovations and their diffusion in the industries of each of the countries covered ; — their performance in ‘ high-technology ’ areas ; — certain indicators of the countries ' energy economics ; — and possibly [evaluate] their productivity level in comparison with some west european countries ; economic research institutes in sofia , prague , budapest and warsaw will cooperate by providing — where necessary — the technical and statistical information required .

By assigning elasticities and values of time obtained from the literature , it will assess the response of each group to different levels of road pricing , the extent to which each group benefits or loses , and the impact of these different group responses on the overall performance of road pricing .
by assigning elasticities and values of time obtained from the literature , it will [evaluate] the response of each group to different levels of road pricing , the extent to which each group benefits or loses , and the impact of these different group responses on the overall performance of road pricing .

The project will examine the economic principle that should govern the taxation of energy ( domestic and industrial fuels and motor fuel ) in the single European market , and will assess the range of effects ( including effects on industrial competitiveness , environmental objectives , income distribution and public revenues ) that would result from the adoption of various possible Community rules for the structure and level of energy taxes .
the project will examine the economic principle that should govern the taxation of energy ( domestic and industrial fuels and motor fuel ) in the single european market , and will [evaluate] the range of effects ( including effects on industrial competitiveness , environmental objectives , income distribution and public revenues ) that would result from the adoption of various possible community rules for the structure and level of energy taxes .

There is little evidence available either to assess the magnitude of any labour market disincentives created by existing disability benefits or to predict the impact of the proposed reforms on the employment and incomes of people with disabilities .
there is little evidence available either to [evaluate] the magnitude of any labour market disincentives created by existing disability benefits or to predict the impact of the proposed reforms on the employment and incomes of people with disabilities .

to assess the relative importance of these groups by studying their role in the formation of particular policies and
to [evaluate] the relative importance of these groups by studying their role in the formation of particular policies and

to assess the nature of the economic impediments to the implementation of particular prevention policies .
to [evaluate] the nature of the economic impediments to the implementation of particular prevention policies .

The motivation for this research derives from the pressing need to assess the reliability of econometric models for cross-section data .
the motivation for this research derives from the pressing need to [evaluate] the reliability of econometric models for cross-section data .

The specific features of Poland are isolated in order to assess the prospects of similar trends in other socialist countries .
the specific features of poland are isolated in order to [evaluate] the prospects of similar trends in other socialist countries .

The research aims to assess the feasibility of conducting a follow-up study of peasant households in Chile which were previously interviewed in 1968 .
the research aims to [evaluate] the feasibility of conducting a follow-up study of peasant households in chile which were previously interviewed in 1968 .

The research aims to assess the extent and ways in which such companies have restructured their activities in response to the volatile international economy of the last fifteen years .
the research aims to [evaluate] the extent and ways in which such companies have restructured their activities in response to the volatile international economy of the last fifteen years .

The problem is to assess how responsive these processes are and what the residual long-term effects are on employment prospects in the area initially affected .
the problem is to [evaluate] how responsive these processes are and what the residual long-term effects are on employment prospects in the area initially affected .

Small business recipients of aid in each area will be surveyed to assess the number of extra jobs created , and the survey data will be used to supplement and adjust published job creation figures .
small business recipients of aid in each area will be surveyed to [evaluate] the number of extra jobs created , and the survey data will be used to supplement and adjust published job creation figures .

An opportunity will be provided , therefore , to examine current concepts of historical communities and to assess the extent to which different socio-economic sub-groupings lived within a number of different communities .
an opportunity will be provided , therefore , to examine current concepts of historical communities and to [evaluate] the extent to which different socio-economic sub-groupings lived within a number of different communities .

Tied in with this , the Centre is carrying out work funded by the DoE to monitor and evaluate trends in housing management in both local authorities and housing associations in an attempt to assess the cost-effectiveness of management practices and identify ‘ good practice ’ .
tied in with this , the centre is carrying out work funded by the doe to monitor and evaluate trends in housing management in both local authorities and housing associations in an attempt to [evaluate] the cost-effectiveness of management practices and identify ‘ good practice ’ .

The study will assess the claims made for both the costs and benefits of international collaboration .
the study will [evaluate] the claims made for both the costs and benefits of international collaboration .

The research seeks to assess how much of the business guaranteed by government export credit agencies would be declined by the private sector or accepted only at a higher price .
the research seeks to [evaluate] how much of the business guaranteed by government export credit agencies would be declined by the private sector or accepted only at a higher price .

At the same time , it is proposed to assess the degree of correlation between economic and social developments and political evolution .
at the same time , it is proposed to [evaluate] the degree of correlation between economic and social developments and political evolution .

to assess the extent to which this changing geography is related to the uneven impact of economic restructuring and to developments in work practices , industrial relations , and managerial strategy within firms ; and
to [evaluate] the extent to which this changing geography is related to the uneven impact of economic restructuring and to developments in work practices , industrial relations , and managerial strategy within firms ; and

No study has been made to assess the merits of the two competing schools .
no study has been made to [evaluate] the merits of the two competing schools .

The study will assess the content , function and importance of fanzines for soccer fans , and the extent to which these adequately reflect their relations with , and perceptions of , club directors and soccer authorities .
the study will [evaluate] the content , function and importance of fanzines for soccer fans , and the extent to which these adequately reflect their relations with , and perceptions of , club directors and soccer authorities .

The research seeks to assess how the present police policy-making process compares with the 1964 Act , and in particular , the extent of democratic involvement in that process .
the research seeks to [evaluate] how the present police policy-making process compares with the 1964 act , and in particular , the extent of democratic involvement in that process .

However , it is necessary to see the problem , not in terms of a battle between parents and Social Services Departments , but in terms of the welfare of the child , and therefore it is important to assess the new legislation as a means of safeguarding parental contact which is beneficial to the child .
however , it is necessary to see the problem , not in terms of a battle between parents and social services departments , but in terms of the welfare of the child , and therefore it is important to [evaluate] the new legislation as a means of safeguarding parental contact which is beneficial to the child .

The principal aim of this study will be to assess the extent to which police conduct and decision making in a number of areas appear to have been influenced by the Police and Criminal Evidence Act ( 1984 ) .
the principal aim of this study will be to [evaluate] the extent to which police conduct and decision making in a number of areas appear to have been influenced by the police and criminal evidence act ( 1984 ) .

This project is repeating one of these studies to assess the effects of the Act and Codes on custodial interrogation by the police .
this project is repeating one of these studies to [evaluate] the effects of the act and codes on custodial interrogation by the police .

to assess the effectiveness of these new powers in enabling the police to detect and prosecute offenders ;
to [evaluate] the effectiveness of these new powers in enabling the police to detect and prosecute offenders ;

to assess the effectiveness of the safeguards against abuse of these powers which the Act provides ; and
to [evaluate] the effectiveness of the safeguards against abuse of these powers which the act provides ; and

the use of more sophisticated techniques to assess what listeners make of the speech .
the use of more sophisticated techniques to [evaluate] what listeners make of the speech .

The purpose of the current research project is to assess the influence of the Black Report on lay public opinion regarding radioactive risks .
the purpose of the current research project is to [evaluate] the influence of the black report on lay public opinion regarding radioactive risks .

The aims are to identify the training needs of doctoral research students with regard to writing , to assess the effectiveness of two methods of providing help with writing , and to contribute to our understanding of .
the aims are to identify the training needs of doctoral research students with regard to writing , to [evaluate] the effectiveness of two methods of providing help with writing , and to contribute to our understanding of .

The study will also assess whether such rational management systems are presentational devices , as some critics claim , by assessing the extent to which management work and policing on the ground are directed at and by the rational management system .
the study will also [evaluate] whether such rational management systems are presentational devices , as some critics claim , by assessing the extent to which management work and policing on the ground are directed at and by the rational management system .

assess the practicality ( e.g. in terms of copyright ) and cost of depositing the most significant data in a publicly accessible archive .
[evaluate] the practicality ( e.g. in terms of copyright ) and cost of depositing the most significant data in a publicly accessible archive .

It will also assess women 's experience of health care provision in the light of their expressed needs .
it will also [evaluate] women 's experience of health care provision in the light of their expressed needs .

Some stabilisation of Gaelic has occurred since 1961 and the project , following previous pilot studies , aims to indicate the factors promoting this and to assess the strength of factors working against language-maintenance .
some stabilisation of gaelic has occurred since 1961 and the project , following previous pilot studies , aims to indicate the factors promoting this and to [evaluate] the strength of factors working against language-maintenance .

The object of the research is to assess the codification requirement from the standpoint of a comparative sociology of legal codification .
the object of the research is to [evaluate] the codification requirement from the standpoint of a comparative sociology of legal codification .

Using existing data sets , it will make initial estimates of the scale of any effect which low incomes might have on the health if the elderly in Britain , and go on to assess the likely role of some intervening variables which might account for the close correlation between income distribution and longevity in developed countries .
using existing data sets , it will make initial estimates of the scale of any effect which low incomes might have on the health if the elderly in britain , and go on to [evaluate] the likely role of some intervening variables which might account for the close correlation between income distribution and longevity in developed countries .

Of particular policy interest will be the analysis of the living standards of households dependent on supplementary benefit to assess how different they are from average living standards .
of particular policy interest will be the analysis of the living standards of households dependent on supplementary benefit to [evaluate] how different they are from average living standards .

In the second phase , small studies will be undertaken in a number of local authorities to assess the extent to which socio-economic factors account for variations in the rates of children in care in ‘ similar ’ authorities or for patterns of care that are at marked variance with national trends .
in the second phase , small studies will be undertaken in a number of local authorities to [evaluate] the extent to which socio-economic factors account for variations in the rates of children in care in ‘ similar ’ authorities or for patterns of care that are at marked variance with national trends .

This project seeks to assess the social and economic effects of recent smallholder tea and tobacco programmes in the Nyanza Province of western Kenya .
this project seeks to [evaluate] the social and economic effects of recent smallholder tea and tobacco programmes in the nyanza province of western kenya .

4 the ways in which the British aid-giving bodies view and assess the aid project .
4 the ways in which the british aid-giving bodies view and [evaluate] the aid project .

endeavour to assess the cost and the generalisability of the training procedures developed ;
endeavour to [evaluate] the cost and the generalisability of the training procedures developed ;

Using both national data and more detailed information on the operation of the Scheme in particular local areas , the study seeks to assess the costs and benefits of the Scheme in relation to the claims made by its advocates and critics during the controversy surrounding its introduction .
using both national data and more detailed information on the operation of the scheme in particular local areas , the study seeks to [evaluate] the costs and benefits of the scheme in relation to the claims made by its advocates and critics during the controversy surrounding its introduction .

to assess the degree of convergence or divergence of input provision between and within classes of education authorities over the period 1975-84 ;
to [evaluate] the degree of convergence or divergence of input provision between and within classes of education authorities over the period 1975-84 ;

Secondly , the research will assess the school-based experience and training that the students receive in teaching methods in order to determine the extent to which students have mastered an understanding of the nature and development of pupils ' historical thinking and are able to exemplify such understanding in their teaching styles .
secondly , the research will [evaluate] the school-based experience and training that the students receive in teaching methods in order to determine the extent to which students have mastered an understanding of the nature and development of pupils ' historical thinking and are able to exemplify such understanding in their teaching styles .

Information about journeys actually made by people of a given kind is used to assess what journeys to work are acceptable to such people by various means of transport .
information about journeys actually made by people of a given kind is used to [evaluate] what journeys to work are acceptable to such people by various means of transport .

Five regions have been chosen to assess the problems associated with small firms growth in peripheral environments — namely South East/East Anglia , Scotland , Northern Ireland , Republic of Ireland and South Wales .
five regions have been chosen to [evaluate] the problems associated with small firms growth in peripheral environments — namely south east/east anglia , scotland , northern ireland , republic of ireland and south wales .

The main purpose of the study is to analyse the barriers to growth faced by indigenous enterprises and to assess the scope for further expansion .
the main purpose of the study is to analyse the barriers to growth faced by indigenous enterprises and to [evaluate] the scope for further expansion .

It will assess the internal characteristics of a selected group of enterprises , including the skills and capacities of their owners and managers .
it will [evaluate] the internal characteristics of a selected group of enterprises , including the skills and capacities of their owners and managers .

It will assess the implications for the quality of service provision of different patterns of decision-making and planning both within and between the organizations involved .
it will [evaluate] the implications for the quality of service provision of different patterns of decision-making and planning both within and between the organizations involved .

Selected rural planning authorities will be investigated in detail to assess existing experiences of the process and outcome of planning gain negotiations in a variety of local contexts , representing areas subject to different kinds of development pressure and planning policy .
selected rural planning authorities will be investigated in detail to [evaluate] existing experiences of the process and outcome of planning gain negotiations in a variety of local contexts , representing areas subject to different kinds of development pressure and planning policy .

As traders met today to assess the damage , Local businessman , Declan Cosgrove , estimated damage to his premises to amount to between £75,000 and £100,000 .
as traders met today to [evaluate] the damage , local businessman , declan cosgrove , estimated damage to his premises to amount to between £75,000 and £100,000 .

Bingham will now assess the situation before deciding on the composition of his squad for next week 's return trip to the Baltic republics .
bingham will now [evaluate] the situation before deciding on the composition of his squad for next week 's return trip to the baltic republics .

Local traders met today to assess the damage .
local traders met today to [evaluate] the damage .

It will establish a taxonomy of the agencies and assess the linkages between them and governments .
it will establish a taxonomy of the agencies and [evaluate] the linkages between them and governments .

This project will review these bibliographies and data-bases to assess their efficiency in recording such material .
this project will review these bibliographies and data-bases to [evaluate] their efficiency in recording such material .

The particular purpose is to assess the effects of private and State employment strategies upon the town 's population and culture .
the particular purpose is to [evaluate] the effects of private and state employment strategies upon the town 's population and culture .

It is first necessary to assess China 's broader security policy in order to understand what role is played by arms control in defending China . The ensuing , more detailed research questions concern China 's role in the three most crucial specific aspects of arms control :
it is first necessary to [evaluate] china 's broader security policy in order to understand what role is played by arms control in defending china . the ensuing , more detailed research questions concern china 's role in the three most crucial specific aspects of arms control :

Through this process determine the composition of the House of Commons , and hence assess to government .
through this process determine the composition of the house of commons , and hence [evaluate] to government .

This will assess the war efforts of each country under four headings , ( diplomacy , strategy , economy , and home front ) and also look at six areas of collaboration ( ranging from cultural relations to the legacies of the alliance , including the origins of the cold war ) .
this will [evaluate] the war efforts of each country under four headings , ( diplomacy , strategy , economy , and home front ) and also look at six areas of collaboration ( ranging from cultural relations to the legacies of the alliance , including the origins of the cold war ) .

This project aims to assess the impact of changed lifestyles , geographical mobility , employment status , and also political beliefs on levels of political activity .
this project aims to [evaluate] the impact of changed lifestyles , geographical mobility , employment status , and also political beliefs on levels of political activity .

This project seeks to explain and assess the institutions and organisational structures which make up the government-industry ‘ policy community ’ on an internationally comparative basis .
this project seeks to explain and [evaluate] the institutions and organisational structures which make up the government-industry ‘ policy community ’ on an internationally comparative basis .

The most urgent priority is for a system inventory , to assess workstations in accordance with Health and Safety regulations , to compile network documentation , and to account for the Garden 's hardware and software .
the most urgent priority is for a system inventory , to [evaluate] workstations in accordance with health and safety regulations , to compile network documentation , and to account for the garden 's hardware and software .

As part of the preparations for the move , we need to identify and separate the original artworks from the printed material , assess the conservation needs for this category , and list as much information as we can on each item — artist , illustration type , plant name , date .
as part of the preparations for the move , we need to identify and separate the original artworks from the printed material , [evaluate] the conservation needs for this category , and list as much information as we can on each item — artist , illustration type , plant name , date .

To assess and provide onward referral for individuals to specialist agencies , where it is reasonably considered that the individual 's personal difficulties adversely affect their functioning at work .
to [evaluate] and provide onward referral for individuals to specialist agencies , where it is reasonably considered that the individual 's personal difficulties adversely affect their functioning at work .

Another factor is the rapid development of integrated circuit technology , which has made available a wide range of circuit functions at attractive prices , so that it is even realistic to assess the potential advantages of microprocessor.based control .
another factor is the rapid development of integrated circuit technology , which has made available a wide range of circuit functions at attractive prices , so that it is even realistic to [evaluate] the potential advantages of microprocessor.based control .

The other feature of these keys is that the actual characters which separate the species can easily be assessed ; helping both to improve the key and assess the real difference between species .
the other feature of these keys is that the actual characters which separate the species can easily be assessed ; helping both to improve the key and [evaluate] the real difference between species .

It is difficult to assess , in the period under review , whether the Ottomans made any systematic attempt to ensure the presence of muftis in the various cities and towns of the empire .
it is difficult to [evaluate] , in the period under review , whether the ottomans made any systematic attempt to ensure the presence of muftis in the various cities and towns of the empire .

Our brains have been built by natural selection to assess probability and risk , just as our eyes have been built to assess electromagnetic wavelength .
our brains have been built by natural selection to [evaluate] probability and risk , just as our eyes have been built to [evaluate] electromagnetic wavelength .

If we were biologically capable of living for a million years , and wanted to do so , we should assess risks quite differently .
if we were biologically capable of living for a million years , and wanted to do so , we should [evaluate] risks quite differently .

Our ancestors have always needed to take decisions involving risks and probabilities , and natural selection has therefore equipped our brains to assess probabilities against a background of the short lifetime that we can , in any case , expect .
our ancestors have always needed to take decisions involving risks and probabilities , and natural selection has therefore equipped our brains to [evaluate] probabilities against a background of the short lifetime that we can , in any case , expect .

Not only are our brains equipped by nature to assess risks of things in a short time ; they are also equipped to assess risks of things happening to us personally , or to a narrow circle of people that we know .
not only are our brains equipped by nature to [evaluate] risks of things in a short time ; they are also equipped to [evaluate] risks of things happening to us personally , or to a narrow circle of people that we know .

Our brains are probably equipped by nature to assess the risks of things happening to ourselves , or to a few hundred people in the small circle of villages within drum-range that our tribal ancestors could expect to hear news about .
our brains are probably equipped by nature to [evaluate] the risks of things happening to ourselves , or to a few hundred people in the small circle of villages within drum-range that our tribal ancestors could expect to hear news about .

When we assess the improbability of an event postulated by , for instance the Cairns-Smith theory , we should assess it , not against what we subjectively think of as probable or improbable , but against numbers like these three numbers , the Solar System Number , the Galaxy Number and the Universe Number . Which of these three numbers is the most appropriate depends upon which of the following three statements we think is nearest the truth :
when we [evaluate] the improbability of an event postulated by , for instance the cairns-smith theory , we should [evaluate] it , not against what we subjectively think of as probable or improbable , but against numbers like these three numbers , the solar system number , the galaxy number and the universe number . which of these three numbers is the most appropriate depends upon which of the following three statements we think is nearest the truth :

Tomorrow the need might be to monitor and assess the success of a new approach to solving absenteeism and lateness .
tomorrow the need might be to monitor and [evaluate] the success of a new approach to solving absenteeism and lateness .

By the end of the week the concern may be to assess a new approach to the pay round in response to a union proposal .
by the end of the week the concern may be to [evaluate] a new approach to the pay round in response to a union proposal .

The paper explains the use of computers to assess the effects of varying the structure of the scheme in terms of altering the weight attached to different aspects of a job .
the paper explains the use of computers to [evaluate] the effects of varying the structure of the scheme in terms of altering the weight attached to different aspects of a job .

The user should not assess a piece of software solely on technical merits .
the user should not [evaluate] a piece of software solely on technical merits .

Only the user can assess whether a system is working properly .
only the user can [evaluate] whether a system is working properly .

End of term was always a tense time , when the inspectors from the African Education Department came out from Salisbury to assess the students ' teaching ability .
end of term was always a tense time , when the inspectors from the african education department came out from salisbury to [evaluate] the students ' teaching ability .

Only rarely can we assess this spatial information in terms of settlement expansion and contraction through time .
only rarely can we [evaluate] this spatial information in terms of settlement expansion and contraction through time .

Beyond it we must look at actual behaviour to assess the impact of higher taxes on incentives .
beyond it we must look at actual behaviour to [evaluate] the impact of higher taxes on incentives .

There were persistent complaints that the rates system was complicated and inequitable , for instance because it was difficult to properly assess the rentable value of any property .
there were persistent complaints that the rates system was complicated and inequitable , for instance because it was difficult to properly [evaluate] the rentable value of any property .

The accreditation test , which should be available by April 1994 , will set out to assess the representatives ' practical skills , their belief in the primacy of their professional duty to their clients and their knowledge of law and procedure .
the accreditation test , which should be available by april 1994 , will set out to [evaluate] the representatives ' practical skills , their belief in the primacy of their professional duty to their clients and their knowledge of law and procedure .

But he says : ‘ They are difficult to assess because they have made changes each time .
but he says : ‘ they are difficult to [evaluate] because they have made changes each time .

The action gave her the moments she needed to adjust , to assess her own feelings .
the action gave her the moments she needed to adjust , to [evaluate] her own feelings .

An interesting facet of the technical editor 's job is to anticipate uses of miscellaneous texts to assess how useful to embalmers such texts could be .
an interesting facet of the technical editor 's job is to anticipate uses of miscellaneous texts to [evaluate] how useful to embalmers such texts could be .

Above all , we will try to address the significance of multimedia in a general sense and assess its likely impact on the way in which we may be using information in the final years of the century .
above all , we will try to address the significance of multimedia in a general sense and [evaluate] its likely impact on the way in which we may be using information in the final years of the century .

To avoid such problems a technologist may wish to have at his disposal a rough guide to aid the selection of solvents for a polymer or to assess the extent of polymer-liquid interaction other than those already described .
to avoid such problems a technologist may wish to have at his disposal a rough guide to aid the selection of solvents for a polymer or to [evaluate] the extent of polymer-liquid interaction other than those already described .

Registered images are used to assess the degree of change that has occurred during the time-period represented by the two images .
registered images are used to [evaluate] the degree of change that has occurred during the time-period represented by the two images .

The planner should take the model and , using real observations , assess the extent to which the output from the model matches real-world observations .
the planner should take the model and , using real observations , [evaluate] the extent to which the output from the model matches real-world observations .

validation of the inputs to the model in order to assess the effects of such changes on the behaviour of the model .
validation of the inputs to the model in order to [evaluate] the effects of such changes on the behaviour of the model .

Another use of the simulation model might be to assess the effect of increasing the urban area lying within a river basin .
another use of the simulation model might be to [evaluate] the effect of increasing the urban area lying within a river basin .

It is often easier to assess a continuous probability distribution than a set of specific values .
it is often easier to [evaluate] a continuous probability distribution than a set of specific values .

To assess the distribution , the project leader is first asked to give a date such that the true date is as likely to be after it as before it .
to [evaluate] the distribution , the project leader is first asked to give a date such that the true date is as likely to be after it as before it .

We shall shortly assess the plausibility of this notion .
we shall shortly [evaluate] the plausibility of this notion .

Furthermore , while economic historians might assess in retrospect the effects of excise on levels of consumption , or by implication on the level of savings , customs duties in their own time were never seen solely from the point of view of the revenue but always as an important instrument of economic regulation .
furthermore , while economic historians might [evaluate] in retrospect the effects of excise on levels of consumption , or by implication on the level of savings , customs duties in their own time were never seen solely from the point of view of the revenue but always as an important instrument of economic regulation .

On the other hand it was necessary to acquire an elementary understanding of the issues involved , examine previous work on measuring the required parameters and in particular learn something about canopy structure so as to assess the extent to which it would need to be taken into consideration .
on the other hand it was necessary to acquire an elementary understanding of the issues involved , examine previous work on measuring the required parameters and in particular learn something about canopy structure so as to [evaluate] the extent to which it would need to be taken into consideration .

It is not proposed to include such software in the current program , but rather to treat this instrument as an intelligent data gatherer and use mainframe facilities to assess the results .
it is not proposed to include such software in the current program , but rather to treat this instrument as an intelligent data gatherer and use mainframe facilities to [evaluate] the results .

Its purpose is not to describe how the economy works but to assess how well it works .
its purpose is not to describe how the economy works but to [evaluate] how well it works .

First , it would be necessary to monitor the quantity of pollution of each firm in order to assess its tax liability .
first , it would be necessary to monitor the quantity of pollution of each firm in order to [evaluate] its tax liability .

Second , in order to assess the tax rate or charge for pollution it would still be necessary to calculate the overall costs and benefits of marginal changes in the amount of pollution .
second , in order to [evaluate] the tax rate or charge for pollution it would still be necessary to calculate the overall costs and benefits of marginal changes in the amount of pollution .

Its purpose is not to describe how the economy works but to assess how well it works .
its purpose is not to describe how the economy works but to [evaluate] how well it works .

If it was straightforward to assess the efficient quantity of the externality and hence the correct tax or subsidy , and straightforward to monitor the quantities produced and consumed , such taxes or subsidies would allow the market to achieve an efficient resource allocation .
if it was straightforward to [evaluate] the efficient quantity of the externality and hence the correct tax or subsidy , and straightforward to monitor the quantities produced and consumed , such taxes or subsidies would allow the market to achieve an efficient resource allocation .

In this chapter we analyse the nationalized industries , explain how they have been run , and assess their performance .
in this chapter we analyse the nationalized industries , explain how they have been run , and [evaluate] their performance .

To assess the social opportunity cost of tying up resources in a project in the nationalized industries , we need to ask what would have happened to the resources had the project not been undertaken .
to [evaluate] the social opportunity cost of tying up resources in a project in the nationalized industries , we need to ask what would have happened to the resources had the project not been undertaken .

Simple profitability is not the right yardstick by which to assess performance .
simple profitability is not the right yardstick by which to [evaluate] performance .

At run time , given a tagged sequence of words the parser uses the training data to assess how likely a combination of adjacent tags were to form a noun phrase .
at run time , given a tagged sequence of words the parser uses the training data to [evaluate] how likely a combination of adjacent tags were to form a noun phrase .

Above all they do n't test , assess or measure progress in any way .
above all they do n't test , [evaluate] or measure progress in any way .

The precise number of homeworkers is hard to assess , and so is their real pay , for many of them do piece-work , and find it hard to calculated how much they do .
the precise number of homeworkers is hard to [evaluate] , and so is their real pay , for many of them do piece-work , and find it hard to calculated how much they do .

If you walk in on any game you assess the relative positions of all the pieces — regardless of how they got there .
if you walk in on any game you [evaluate] the relative positions of all the pieces — regardless of how they got there .

As soon as the charges came to light earlier this year , the Department 's social services inspectorate carried out an inspection to assess the present quality of child protection in the county 's children 's homes .
as soon as the charges came to light earlier this year , the department 's social services inspectorate carried out an inspection to [evaluate] the present quality of child protection in the county 's children 's homes .

The second main problem relates to the delay in the occupational therapist 's visit to assess the application .
the second main problem relates to the delay in the occupational therapist 's visit to [evaluate] the application .

Member for Birkenhead said that we should ’ bring forward ’ the arrangements which will prevail after 1993 , but it will not be down to the local adjudication officer to assess people to decide the appropriate care and to assess the reasonable rate .
member for birkenhead said that we should ’ bring forward ’ the arrangements which will prevail after 1993 , but it will not be down to the local adjudication officer to [evaluate] people to decide the appropriate care and to [evaluate] the reasonable rate .

They may be unable to assess or contribute adequately to national nursing education needs or desires .
they may be unable to [evaluate] or contribute adequately to national nursing education needs or desires .

Does the Minister agree that the system has been a total failure , which was one of the reasons why the link steering group used consultants to study the scheme ? They reported back at the end of January 1991 and commented that one of the reasons for the massive underspending was the fact that one had to have three companies before one could apply . How can the Minister assess how much money will be needed when there has been a shortfall , as there was last year ?
does the minister agree that the system has been a total failure , which was one of the reasons why the link steering group used consultants to study the scheme ? they reported back at the end of january 1991 and commented that one of the reasons for the massive underspending was the fact that one had to have three companies before one could apply . how can the minister [evaluate] how much money will be needed when there has been a shortfall , as there was last year ?

What changes does my hon. Friend envisage in the assessment of local authority spending needs and in the distribution of Government grant under the council tax ? Is he aware that the spending assessment for Ryedale district council , which is in my constituency , is some 20 per cent . lower than that for neighbouring Hambledon , part of which is also in my constituency , even though the two districts have similar characteristics ? Does he agree that if the distribution of Government grant were seen to be fair , local residents would not only be able to assess the performance of local authorities but would begin to see that our new council tax is a far better deal than the uncosted return to the rates — or , even worse , the uncosted local income tax — proposed by the Opposition parties ?
what changes does my hon. friend envisage in the assessment of local authority spending needs and in the distribution of government grant under the council tax ? is he aware that the spending assessment for ryedale district council , which is in my constituency , is some 20 per cent . lower than that for neighbouring hambledon , part of which is also in my constituency , even though the two districts have similar characteristics ? does he agree that if the distribution of government grant were seen to be fair , local residents would not only be able to [evaluate] the performance of local authorities but would begin to see that our new council tax is a far better deal than the uncosted return to the rates — or , even worse , the uncosted local income tax — proposed by the opposition parties ?

To ask the Secretary of State for Energy if he will assess the implications of the single European market post-1992 upon the United Kingdom oil-related fabrication sector ; and if he will make a statement .
to ask the secretary of state for energy if he will [evaluate] the implications of the single european market post-1992 upon the united kingdom oil-related fabrication sector ; and if he will make a statement .

Now that the education and library boards independently assess the formula according to which they delegate budgets to schools , does not the Minister fear that a great disparity in provision will result — not only in regard to pupil-teacher ratios , but in regard to every other aspect of provision across the different area boards ?
now that the education and library boards independently [evaluate] the formula according to which they delegate budgets to schools , does not the minister fear that a great disparity in provision will result — not only in regard to pupil-teacher ratios , but in regard to every other aspect of provision across the different area boards ?

Has my hon. Friend noticed that in recent weeks , as the public have been able to assess our present policies and our future policy offerings , there has been a very sharp and noticeable increase in our opinion poll ratings ? That is not just a coincidence . Does my right hon. Friend agree that the opinion poll improvement in the past few weeks reflects not only our excellent policy range but the fact that the election is getting closer and the best is yet to come ?
has my hon. friend noticed that in recent weeks , as the public have been able to [evaluate] our present policies and our future policy offerings , there has been a very sharp and noticeable increase in our opinion poll ratings ? that is not just a coincidence . does my right hon. friend agree that the opinion poll improvement in the past few weeks reflects not only our excellent policy range but the fact that the election is getting closer and the best is yet to come ?

Does the Prime Minister realise that there are only two facts that one needs to know to assess the Government 's real commitment to recovery ? The first is that unemployment rose by 53,000 last Thursday and the second is that the Government cut their training budget by £171 million last Friday . How does the Prime Minister justify that ?
does the prime minister realise that there are only two facts that one needs to know to [evaluate] the government 's real commitment to recovery ? the first is that unemployment rose by 53,000 last thursday and the second is that the government cut their training budget by £171 million last friday . how does the prime minister justify that ?

The following is then offered to the public : ’ Through reports , studies and inspections the Commission will assess educational standards of schools and of local education authorities as a whole and publish detailed information on how to judge a school 's performance .
the following is then offered to the public : ’ through reports , studies and inspections the commission will [evaluate] educational standards of schools and of local education authorities as a whole and publish detailed information on how to judge a school 's performance .

It is not the task of the county councils to assess the cost benefit of the scheme in detail .
it is not the task of the county councils to [evaluate] the cost benefit of the scheme in detail .

It might even be possible for Members of Parliament to walk down the street and assess the approximate value of property in one street compared with property in another .
it might even be possible for members of parliament to walk down the street and [evaluate] the approximate value of property in one street compared with property in another .

Benefit offices faced periodical surges in claims which were complicated to assess and frequently resulted in no award of benefit being made .
benefit offices faced periodical surges in claims which were complicated to [evaluate] and frequently resulted in no award of benefit being made .

The Government remain of the view that the educational establishments are well placed to assess the financial needs and priorities of their students .
the government remain of the view that the educational establishments are well placed to [evaluate] the financial needs and priorities of their students .

The Institute of Terrestrial Ecology was commissioned by the Welsh Office to assess the affects of the project on over-wintering shore birds .
the institute of terrestrial ecology was commissioned by the welsh office to [evaluate] the affects of the project on over-wintering shore birds .

Anthropological inquiry into the meaning of cultures came to question the established categories which had provided the models and criteria to assess different cultures .
anthropological inquiry into the meaning of cultures came to question the established categories which had provided the models and criteria to [evaluate] different cultures .

Their techniques are not unlike ‘ thick description ’ in some respects : setting out accounts for a closely defined topic in an exhaustive manner and assembling a wealth of documentary and statistical evidence to assess an event .
their techniques are not unlike ‘ thick description ’ in some respects : setting out accounts for a closely defined topic in an exhaustive manner and assembling a wealth of documentary and statistical evidence to [evaluate] an event .

It is important to assess the quality of the goods against the description applied to them .
it is important to [evaluate] the quality of the goods against the description applied to them .

This , of course , assumes that individuals have enough information to assess accurately the net advantages of the exchange , and this would include an assessment of the risks associated with the contract .
this , of course , assumes that individuals have enough information to [evaluate] accurately the net advantages of the exchange , and this would include an assessment of the risks associated with the contract .

Efficiency provides one important criterion against which to assess how well markets or government perform their allocative function with respect to different types of goods and services .
efficiency provides one important criterion against which to [evaluate] how well markets or government perform their allocative function with respect to different types of goods and services .

Benefits from information are more difficult to assess .
benefits from information are more difficult to [evaluate] .

The theory of reliability is well-developed for conventional tests , which aim to assess individuals relative to others in some population .
the theory of reliability is well-developed for conventional tests , which aim to [evaluate] individuals relative to others in some population .

The first experiments assess how subjects ’ recognition of photographs of familiar faces is affected if these are disguised or otherwise altered in various ways , and clarify which features of faces are important for their recognition .
the first experiments [evaluate] how subjects ’ recognition of photographs of familiar faces is affected if these are disguised or otherwise altered in various ways , and clarify which features of faces are important for their recognition .

This project has three objectives : to investigate how accurately parents and their adolescent children can predict each other 's thinking over complex moral and social problems ; to assess whether the degree of such accuracy is related to the nature and extent of parent-adolescent conflicts , and to test whether an individual at one level of cognitive development can describe the view of another person who is assumed to be at a higher level .
this project has three objectives : to investigate how accurately parents and their adolescent children can predict each other 's thinking over complex moral and social problems ; to [evaluate] whether the degree of such accuracy is related to the nature and extent of parent-adolescent conflicts , and to test whether an individual at one level of cognitive development can describe the view of another person who is assumed to be at a higher level .

It is important , both from the point of view of understanding the psychological factors underlying response to noise , and from the point of view of practical policy decisions , to assess the persistence of this effect of change in noise level .
it is important , both from the point of view of understanding the psychological factors underlying response to noise , and from the point of view of practical policy decisions , to [evaluate] the persistence of this effect of change in noise level .

In particular this investigation will assess the influence of the following on patients ' comprehension and recall ;
in particular this investigation will [evaluate] the influence of the following on patients ' comprehension and recall ;

The first objective of the present study therefore , is to assess the relative levels and importance of activity and stress in the lives of deprived nine-year olds .
the first objective of the present study therefore , is to [evaluate] the relative levels and importance of activity and stress in the lives of deprived nine-year olds .

We assess the motels .
we [evaluate] the motels .

Often men will look to see if they fancy you , keeping you waiting whilst they assess how they will do business with you .
often men will look to see if they fancy you , keeping you waiting whilst they [evaluate] how they will do business with you .

Various studies have been conducted in order to assess the extent to which computer analysis of text can contribute to the generation of a practical classification scheme .
various studies have been conducted in order to [evaluate] the extent to which computer analysis of text can contribute to the generation of a practical classification scheme .

Whilst it may seem attractive to design a classification scheme for each different set of circumstances , it is important to remember the drawbacks of special classification schemes and to assess thoroughly whether a published general scheme will not , after all , be acceptable . Amongst the disincentives to compiling and maintaining a special classification scheme can be numbered the following :
whilst it may seem attractive to design a classification scheme for each different set of circumstances , it is important to remember the drawbacks of special classification schemes and to [evaluate] thoroughly whether a published general scheme will not , after all , be acceptable . amongst the disincentives to compiling and maintaining a special classification scheme can be numbered the following :

First , it is necessary to define ‘ core ’ topics which form a homogeneous subject field , and then to assess whether users ' needs can be matched by one field or whether two are necessary .
first , it is necessary to define ‘ core ’ topics which form a homogeneous subject field , and then to [evaluate] whether users ' needs can be matched by one field or whether two are necessary .

In order to assess the redistributive impact of a particular policy , a comparison has to be made between the situation with the tax or expenditure in existence and that without , and this introduces a second major class of issues .
in order to [evaluate] the redistributive impact of a particular policy , a comparison has to be made between the situation with the tax or expenditure in existence and that without , and this introduces a second major class of issues .

To assess the impact of the tax system on the distribution of income and wealth , we require a theory of the determination of the income and wealth distribution .
to [evaluate] the impact of the tax system on the distribution of income and wealth , we require a theory of the determination of the income and wealth distribution .

It is however important to assess the possible magnitude of the different factors and the sensitivity of the results to alternative assumptions ( e.g .
it is however important to [evaluate] the possible magnitude of the different factors and the sensitivity of the results to alternative assumptions ( e.g .

The voter has to be able to assess the benefits from public spending ( typically ex ante ) and to form a view of the implications for taxation .
the voter has to be able to [evaluate] the benefits from public spending ( typically ex ante ) and to form a view of the implications for taxation .

One hostile dark eyebrow lifted briefly and a pair of diamond-hard eyes swept quickly over her , seeming to assess in the flicker of an eyelid the stylish dark red outfit she was wearing .
one hostile dark eyebrow lifted briefly and a pair of diamond-hard eyes swept quickly over her , seeming to [evaluate] in the flicker of an eyelid the stylish dark red outfit she was wearing .

In order to both derive and assess the effects of trade policies , it is necessary to have estimates of the parameters in the demand system .
in order to both derive and [evaluate] the effects of trade policies , it is necessary to have estimates of the parameters in the demand system .

The partial transparency of the rock allows focussing up and down to assess grain packing .
the partial transparency of the rock allows focussing up and down to [evaluate] grain packing .

In addition to modal composition , point counting can be used to assess the relative proportions of grains and matrix , grains and cement and cement or grains and porosity .
in addition to modal composition , point counting can be used to [evaluate] the relative proportions of grains and matrix , grains and cement and cement or grains and porosity .

In some cases , though , reports seem to have had little impact , and in many others their effects are difficult to assess .
in some cases , though , reports seem to have had little impact , and in many others their effects are difficult to [evaluate] .

Teachers are required to plan and prepare lessons , assess and keep records of pupils ' progress , and maintain discipline .
teachers are required to plan and prepare lessons , [evaluate] and keep records of pupils ' progress , and maintain discipline .

Before the start of each year , the government is to assess the amount of expenditure it considers that each authority will require in order to provide a standard level of services .
before the start of each year , the government is to [evaluate] the amount of expenditure it considers that each authority will require in order to provide a standard level of services .

For each profile component , there is to be a progression through ten levels of achievement — the same scale of levels to be used to assess children at every stage .
for each profile component , there is to be a progression through ten levels of achievement — the same scale of levels to be used to [evaluate] children at every stage .

Before going on to examine the more detailed contributions of Russian Formalism to specific areas of literary studies , it might be worth pausing to assess the Formalist position by comparing it with the assumptions which it had set out to replace , and which to a certain extent continue to inform ( albeit implicitly ) critical studies still being produced today .
before going on to examine the more detailed contributions of russian formalism to specific areas of literary studies , it might be worth pausing to [evaluate] the formalist position by comparing it with the assumptions which it had set out to replace , and which to a certain extent continue to inform ( albeit implicitly ) critical studies still being produced today .

It is also possible that as teachers we assess bilingual children 's mathematical ability without reference to their first language , again creating lower expectations and failing to recognise the pupils ' full abilities by confusing fluency in English with mathematical competence .
it is also possible that as teachers we [evaluate] bilingual children 's mathematical ability without reference to their first language , again creating lower expectations and failing to recognise the pupils ' full abilities by confusing fluency in english with mathematical competence .

Using only a small sample of children , we ( Denvir and Brown , 1986 ) developed an oral and practical diagnostic assessment to assess ‘ low attaining ’ 7–9 year olds ' understanding of number .
using only a small sample of children , we ( denvir and brown , 1986 ) developed an oral and practical diagnostic assessment to [evaluate] ‘ low attaining ’ 7–9 year olds ' understanding of number .

In order to reflect accurately the pupil 's mathematical thinking , it is vital to assess the response in terms of the problem as the pupil perceives it .
in order to reflect accurately the pupil 's mathematical thinking , it is vital to [evaluate] the response in terms of the problem as the pupil perceives it .

Some local education authorities assess children at the end of primary school in order to make allocations to secondary schools .
some local education authorities [evaluate] children at the end of primary school in order to make allocations to secondary schools .

Thirdly , while evaluation intends to assess outcomes such as progress or performance , inevitably it is people who are labelled .
thirdly , while evaluation intends to [evaluate] outcomes such as progress or performance , inevitably it is people who are labelled .

Before we can agree about how to assess or evaluate mathematical attainment or progress in learning , we must clarify what we mean by ‘ doing mathematics ’ .
before we can agree about how to [evaluate] or evaluate mathematical attainment or progress in learning , we must clarify what we mean by ‘ doing mathematics ’ .

The questionnaire shown in appendix 10 , is intended to enable teachers to personally assess their behaviour towards pupils of both sexes and is proposed , by the Canadian Committee on the Status of Women of the Government of Quebec , to be distributed to all teachers .
the questionnaire shown in appendix 10 , is intended to enable teachers to personally [evaluate] their behaviour towards pupils of both sexes and is proposed , by the canadian committee on the status of women of the government of quebec , to be distributed to all teachers .

Whatever the curriculum there is no reason in principle why some appropriate means should not be devised to assess the extent to which any pupil has achieved some desirable level of understanding , knowledge or competence as a consequence of following that curriculum .
whatever the curriculum there is no reason in principle why some appropriate means should not be devised to [evaluate] the extent to which any pupil has achieved some desirable level of understanding , knowledge or competence as a consequence of following that curriculum .

This often relied upon their so-called ‘ gut reaction ’ to evaluate children 's work , with the Head of Department freely admitting that he found it difficult to break down and assess different aspects of work .
this often relied upon their so-called ‘ gut reaction ’ to evaluate children 's work , with the head of department freely admitting that he found it difficult to break down and [evaluate] different aspects of work .

Let 's say an Upper School boy , doing what might turn out to be a six week long project , he will mark it at the end of every session , well not mark it but assess it — which is slightly different — and staple little bits of paper on it with comments and suggestions , and so on .
let 's say an upper school boy , doing what might turn out to be a six week long project , he will mark it at the end of every session , well not mark it but [evaluate] it — which is slightly different — and staple little bits of paper on it with comments and suggestions , and so on .

It is still difficult to assess accurately what effect the Roman Conquest and the subsequent period of Roman occupation had on the development of the landscape .
it is still difficult to [evaluate] accurately what effect the roman conquest and the subsequent period of roman occupation had on the development of the landscape .

Some idea of relative size and hierarchical organisation is important , although without earthworks or clearly defined areas of finds this is often difficult to assess .
some idea of relative size and hierarchical organisation is important , although without earthworks or clearly defined areas of finds this is often difficult to [evaluate] .

This time , without even the zest of being able to assess the success of his recipes from the quantities consumed or left on plates , it seemed to Auguste a sorry place indeed .
this time , without even the zest of being able to [evaluate] the success of his recipes from the quantities consumed or left on plates , it seemed to auguste a sorry place indeed .

This was to look at another model to try to assess which model suits Nottingham best .
this was to look at another model to try to [evaluate] which model suits nottingham best .

This is because it is only the school and its daily managers who can assess what it can afford — and what it has to afford — to do in terms of staff time and money and because it is the school which has , in the end , to initiate any assessment of the type of community assistance which will provide its partners with the benefits they seek .
this is because it is only the school and its daily managers who can [evaluate] what it can afford — and what it has to afford — to do in terms of staff time and money and because it is the school which has , in the end , to initiate any assessment of the type of community assistance which will provide its partners with the benefits they seek .

When living in his Stirling flat he contrived to flood the downstairs neighbours — three times ! On another occasion he bravely went on to the roof to assess the wind damage to his television aerial but slipped and just managed to save himself by clinging to the guttering — not however , before dislodging a slate which bulleted downward and sliced its way effortlessly into the bonnet of his neighbour 's brand new car to form a kind of dorsal fin .
when living in his stirling flat he contrived to flood the downstairs neighbours — three times ! on another occasion he bravely went on to the roof to [evaluate] the wind damage to his television aerial but slipped and just managed to save himself by clinging to the guttering — not however , before dislodging a slate which bulleted downward and sliced its way effortlessly into the bonnet of his neighbour 's brand new car to form a kind of dorsal fin .

Because Learning Outcome 2 and Learning Outcome 4 are linked , centres may find it beneficial to deliver and assess them together .
because learning outcome 2 and learning outcome 4 are linked , centres may find it beneficial to deliver and [evaluate] them together .

The student will be able to assess the tourist qualities of a destination , including accessibility , amenities and attractions , and its suitability for various client types .
the student will be able to [evaluate] the tourist qualities of a destination , including accessibility , amenities and attractions , and its suitability for various client types .

ensure each placement can provide all the resources needed to assess the module in accordance with the module descriptor ;
ensure each placement can provide all the resources needed to [evaluate] the module in accordance with the module descriptor ;

Although it is a group undertaking , the residential will provide the means for students to be assessed and to assess themselves as individuals .
although it is a group undertaking , the residential will provide the means for students to be assessed and to [evaluate] themselves as individuals .

Students are asked to assess their current skills , knowledge and behaviours and to set personal goals in relation to these .
students are asked to [evaluate] their current skills , knowledge and behaviours and to set personal goals in relation to these .

The following project could be used to assess the above Learning Outcome .
the following project could be used to [evaluate] the above learning outcome .

The following problem could form part of an assignment to assess the above Learning Outcome .
the following problem could form part of an assignment to [evaluate] the above learning outcome .

Projects can be used to assess a wide range of cognitive and practical competences .
projects can be used to [evaluate] a wide range of cognitive and practical competences .

It can be difficult to assess individual performance with group investigations .
it can be difficult to [evaluate] individual performance with group investigations .

It can be difficult to assess high-inference skills such as originality , commitment , initiative … etc .
it can be difficult to [evaluate] high-inference skills such as originality , commitment , initiative … etc .

Projects can be relatively time consuming to complete and assess .
projects can be relatively time consuming to complete and [evaluate] .

Assess the risk implication of alternatives
[evaluate] the risk implication of alternatives

They were also asked to assess ‘ home environment and attitude ’ in thirty-one authorities , ‘ sociability ’ and ‘ conduct and moral character ’ in twelve , co-operation in eleven , and in one each imagination , personal habits and personal appearance .
they were also asked to [evaluate] ‘ home environment and attitude ’ in thirty-one authorities , ‘ sociability ’ and ‘ conduct and moral character ’ in twelve , co-operation in eleven , and in one each imagination , personal habits and personal appearance .

It would be extremely difficult to assess the accuracy of recalls when the information available to the driver could not be exactly determined .
it would be extremely difficult to [evaluate] the accuracy of recalls when the information available to the driver could not be exactly determined .

To assess directly the differences between situations which were recalled and those which were not recalled each subject 's mean accident estimate and risk rating was calculated separately for situations which they recalled and those they did not .
to [evaluate] directly the differences between situations which were recalled and those which were not recalled each subject 's mean accident estimate and risk rating was calculated separately for situations which they recalled and those they did not .

However , the above pattern of results does not exclude the possibility that feelings of risk were directly associated with the enhanced recall , to assess this possibility directly it is necessary to use the junction as the unit of analysis rather than the subject .
however , the above pattern of results does not exclude the possibility that feelings of risk were directly associated with the enhanced recall , to [evaluate] this possibility directly it is necessary to use the junction as the unit of analysis rather than the subject .

This is not trivial to assess since the measure of recall is binary and there are relatively few points at the high levels of risk .
this is not trivial to [evaluate] since the measure of recall is binary and there are relatively few points at the high levels of risk .

Because there were relatively few situations which received the highest risk ratings it is not possible to clearly assess whether this increase continues for all ratings , there is some evidence that it may not since once one unusual subject 's data was removed the three situations receiving the highest subjective risk ratings were in fact never recalled .
because there were relatively few situations which received the highest risk ratings it is not possible to clearly [evaluate] whether this increase continues for all ratings , there is some evidence that it may not since once one unusual subject 's data was removed the three situations receiving the highest subjective risk ratings were in fact never recalled .

Since such information will differ from one drive to the next it is difficult to assess the role which this variable information plays in memory .
since such information will differ from one drive to the next it is difficult to [evaluate] the role which this variable information plays in memory .

Using a recognition test to measure memory for the stimuli makes it possible to assess any general biases in responding separately from subjects ’ actual ability to correctly recognize individual stimuli .
using a recognition test to measure memory for the stimuli makes it possible to [evaluate] any general biases in responding separately from subjects ’ actual ability to correctly recognize individual stimuli .

It is much easier to score the data and , having scored it , it is possible to calculate precise measures of performance and accurately assess any response bias .
it is much easier to score the data and , having scored it , it is possible to calculate precise measures of performance and accurately [evaluate] any response bias .

To assess the degree to which this occurred comments in the potential risks condition from each five second section were compared with those from the description condition over the same five seconds .
to [evaluate] the degree to which this occurred comments in the potential risks condition from each five second section were compared with those from the description condition over the same five seconds .

not really a matter of syntactic relation at all — and this impression is strengthened by his further remark , `` Having provided for the two extremes of referent-modification and reference-modification , we can now assess the blending that frequently — perhaps more often than not — takes place between the two . ``
not really a matter of syntactic relation at all — and this impression is strengthened by his further remark , `` having provided for the two extremes of referent-modification and reference-modification , we can now [evaluate] the blending that frequently — perhaps more often than not — takes place between the two . ``

Hughes looked in depth at a single thesis , to assess the extent to which the information content of the thesis was eventually published in the literature .
hughes looked in depth at a single thesis , to [evaluate] the extent to which the information content of the thesis was eventually published in the literature .

In an attempt to assess the possibility of using citation counts as a measure of research quality , Lindsey has summarised the significance of citation counts in scientometric studies :
in an attempt to [evaluate] the possibility of using citation counts as a measure of research quality , lindsey has summarised the significance of citation counts in scientometric studies :

To assess the relative numbers of thesis citations to publication citations , it may be possible to extrapolate from Haner 's study of government information contained in seven core journals in American geology .
to [evaluate] the relative numbers of thesis citations to publication citations , it may be possible to extrapolate from haner 's study of government information contained in seven core journals in american geology .

Advisory groups and panels were asked to assess and rate research quality , but no guidance was given on how to identify or recognize quality .
advisory groups and panels were asked to [evaluate] and rate research quality , but no guidance was given on how to identify or recognize quality .

They appoint Visiting Groups within disciplines to assess the value of particular scientific research programmes and groups of workers .
they appoint visiting groups within disciplines to [evaluate] the value of particular scientific research programmes and groups of workers .

The subject headings under which theses have been categorised in the Rolfe , Will , and Laming lists may be used to assess the relative importance of different sub-disciplines in the earth sciences over the period studied .
the subject headings under which theses have been categorised in the rolfe , will , and laming lists may be used to [evaluate] the relative importance of different sub-disciplines in the earth sciences over the period studied .

In Chapter 3 we reviewed some of the main principles of experimental design in which a control group is used to assess the relationship between some causal factor and its presumed effect .
in chapter 3 we reviewed some of the main principles of experimental design in which a control group is used to [evaluate] the relationship between some causal factor and its presumed effect .

In trying to determine the effect of , say , a new teaching style on academic attainment , factors extraneous to this relationship but which might have a bearing on attainment , need to be excluded or controlled in some fashion in order to assess the effect of teaching style .
in trying to determine the effect of , say , a new teaching style on academic attainment , factors extraneous to this relationship but which might have a bearing on attainment , need to be excluded or controlled in some fashion in order to [evaluate] the effect of teaching style .

Now they had to watch every move in the City , snap up every bit of stray gossip and try to assess its true worth , take daily , even hourly , soundings of the railway intelligence .
now they had to watch every move in the city , snap up every bit of stray gossip and try to [evaluate] its true worth , take daily , even hourly , soundings of the railway intelligence .

An Australian mission would travel to Vietnam in November to assess needs .
an australian mission would travel to vietnam in november to [evaluate] needs .

His task was to be to assess whether the Commonwealth could assist with constitutional negotiations .
his task was to be to [evaluate] whether the commonwealth could assist with constitutional negotiations .

Bush admitted that the mission was , in part , designed to assess whether air power alone could force an Iraqi withdrawal from Kuwait , expressing some scepticism that this would suffice `` to get the job done `` .
bush admitted that the mission was , in part , designed to [evaluate] whether air power alone could force an iraqi withdrawal from kuwait , expressing some scepticism that this would suffice `` to get the job done `` .

First , there has been a harder look at the components of the nursing process to assess whether nursing skills were appropriately used and related to the needs of patients or whether they followed old-established but unvalidated local custom and practice .
first , there has been a harder look at the components of the nursing process to [evaluate] whether nursing skills were appropriately used and related to the needs of patients or whether they followed old-established but unvalidated local custom and practice .

How significant these changes were in monetary terms is difficult to assess .
how significant these changes were in monetary terms is difficult to [evaluate] .

( 4 ) Ensure the activities provide learning experiences for pupils through which you can assess their attainment of each attainment target or one in particular .
( 4 ) ensure the activities provide learning experiences for pupils through which you can [evaluate] their attainment of each attainment target or one in particular .

The teacher should always preview these to determine if they are suitable , and assess if the language level , content , and so on is suitable .
the teacher should always preview these to determine if they are suitable , and [evaluate] if the language level , content , and so on is suitable .

In Phnom Penh she will have discussions with development workers to assess the situation in the country in the run-up to democratic elections scheduled for May 23 to May 28 .
in phnom penh she will have discussions with development workers to [evaluate] the situation in the country in the run-up to democratic elections scheduled for may 23 to may 28 .

Students were interviewed in groups at the start of the Semester to assess their level of understanding of transferable skills and their expectations of the benefits that development of transferable skills would bring to them .
students were interviewed in groups at the start of the semester to [evaluate] their level of understanding of transferable skills and their expectations of the benefits that development of transferable skills would bring to them .

Module leaders were interviewed shortly after the initial student interviews to assess academic expectations of the expectations of students .
module leaders were interviewed shortly after the initial student interviews to [evaluate] academic expectations of the expectations of students .

Any attempt to assess the nature and magnitude of the regional problem in the Community is a complex task .
any attempt to [evaluate] the nature and magnitude of the regional problem in the community is a complex task .

Consider now the various kinds of argument which can be used in approaching these points of focus in your material and making something new and interesting from them : mode of argument ( a ) : Revalue a reputation ( or assess relative achievement ) ; example An extended essay which argues that Josephine Tey is a major Scottish writer , and that she has been neglected because she wrote detective fiction .
consider now the various kinds of argument which can be used in approaching these points of focus in your material and making something new and interesting from them : mode of argument ( a ) : revalue a reputation ( or [evaluate] relative achievement ) ; example an extended essay which argues that josephine tey is a major scottish writer , and that she has been neglected because she wrote detective fiction .

Words like `` explain `` , `` justify `` and `` assess `` are used to focus your attention on causation and evidence ; you should not only describe what you have read but also offer an analysis of why you take the view of it you do . ``
words like `` explain `` , `` justify `` and `` [evaluate] `` are used to focus your attention on causation and evidence ; you should not only describe what you have read but also offer an analysis of why you take the view of it you do . ``

It is helpful to bear in mind these recurrent instruction words ( `` discuss `` , `` assess `` , etc . )
it is helpful to bear in mind these recurrent instruction words ( `` discuss `` , `` [evaluate] `` , etc . )

could be used for an essay which is an answer to the question Assess the contribution made by Ralph Ellison 's Invisible Man to the development of African-American fiction .
could be used for an essay which is an answer to the question [evaluate] the contribution made by ralph ellison 's invisible man to the development of african-american fiction .

Assess possible alternatives .
[evaluate] possible alternatives .

Differences between the three main systems in use mainly concern punctuation , use of parentheses and the order of elements which must be cited ; but while these may seem small discrepancies , it is one part of the process of research to assess at some point the different conventions governing the listing and presentation of sources , and to present work accurately according to whatever set of conventions you are following .
differences between the three main systems in use mainly concern punctuation , use of parentheses and the order of elements which must be cited ; but while these may seem small discrepancies , it is one part of the process of research to [evaluate] at some point the different conventions governing the listing and presentation of sources , and to present work accurately according to whatever set of conventions you are following .

It is likely that the phenomenon of white Creole use owes much to the popularisation of Jamaican musical styles , but the role of music in promoting Creole among the Caribbean population is harder to assess ( see next section ) .
it is likely that the phenomenon of white creole use owes much to the popularisation of jamaican musical styles , but the role of music in promoting creole among the caribbean population is harder to [evaluate] ( see next section ) .

Objectives of the research included : to provide hospitality companies with information and advice on the skill and knowledge requirements of managers working in different sectors of the industry , in some European countries , which will assist them in their recruitment and human resource development activities ; to identify the education and training needs of managers moving within the European hospitality industry and offer a basis for the design of short courses , distance leaning materials and training packages to meet those needs , in collaboration with European partners ; and to assess the extent to which the skills and knowledge required by hospitality managers are generic and may be transferable across different industries .
objectives of the research included : to provide hospitality companies with information and advice on the skill and knowledge requirements of managers working in different sectors of the industry , in some european countries , which will assist them in their recruitment and human resource development activities ; to identify the education and training needs of managers moving within the european hospitality industry and offer a basis for the design of short courses , distance leaning materials and training packages to meet those needs , in collaboration with european partners ; and to [evaluate] the extent to which the skills and knowledge required by hospitality managers are generic and may be transferable across different industries .

To test and/or assess knowledge and experience in the industry .
to test and/or [evaluate] knowledge and experience in the industry .

Through the clerkly sympathies of the fabliau corpus we can justifiably reach back to other forms of literature and literary theory associated with students and the universities and assess the fabliaux in that light .
through the clerkly sympathies of the fabliau corpus we can justifiably reach back to other forms of literature and literary theory associated with students and the universities and [evaluate] the fabliaux in that light .

Approaching the fabliaux with a mind prepared to find moral instruction in the texts , however unpromising they might superficially seem to be for such interpretation , is something that we can reconstruct as an authentic medieval mode of reading — `` `` All that is written is written for our doctrine `` `` as St Paul has it — although there is little direct evidence for the application of such literary theory to vernacular literature as well as the classics before the fourteenth century , and even then the extent of such application is difficult to assess .
approaching the fabliaux with a mind prepared to find moral instruction in the texts , however unpromising they might superficially seem to be for such interpretation , is something that we can reconstruct as an authentic medieval mode of reading — `` `` all that is written is written for our doctrine `` `` as st paul has it — although there is little direct evidence for the application of such literary theory to vernacular literature as well as the classics before the fourteenth century , and even then the extent of such application is difficult to [evaluate] .

The most significant result of re-posing the question is to reveal how difficult it is to separate the different characters of the Shipman 's Tale and to assess , and judge , them individually in these terms .
the most significant result of re-posing the question is to reveal how difficult it is to separate the different characters of the shipman 's tale and to [evaluate] , and judge , them individually in these terms .

We assess our assistant stewardesses for promotion to other areas of work aboard the cruise ship which makes this job a very good entry level for those who wish to make a career in the industry and we also run a training scheme for our housekeeping department .
we [evaluate] our assistant stewardesses for promotion to other areas of work aboard the cruise ship which makes this job a very good entry level for those who wish to make a career in the industry and we also run a training scheme for our housekeeping department .

They also undertake two days of on the job experience in a restaurant , giving them an insight into what is involved , and allowing McDonald 's to assess their suitability .
they also undertake two days of on the job experience in a restaurant , giving them an insight into what is involved , and allowing mcdonald 's to [evaluate] their suitability .

Please let Josephine Williams know how many of the vouchers issued to new members to attend a rally were actually presented — we need to assess the popularity and cost of this scheme for future plans .
please let josephine williams know how many of the vouchers issued to new members to attend a rally were actually presented — we need to [evaluate] the popularity and cost of this scheme for future plans .

Teachers who are training girls in Medau for the Duke of Edinburgh Aware are reminded that the girl 's movement must be assessed by a Medau trainer at the outset ; otherwise it is impossible to assess her progress .
teachers who are training girls in medau for the duke of edinburgh aware are reminded that the girl 's movement must be assessed by a medau trainer at the outset ; otherwise it is impossible to [evaluate] her progress .

Nenna looked at him more closely , trying to assess him as an ally .
nenna looked at him more closely , trying to [evaluate] him as an ally .

The two men were to assess the likely future production and the number of pickmen to be employed .
the two men were to [evaluate] the likely future production and the number of pickmen to be employed .

It is not easy to assess the social implications of the mine , but certainly there would have been overcrowding .
it is not easy to [evaluate] the social implications of the mine , but certainly there would have been overcrowding .

Exactly how efficient the system was at Coniston is difficult to assess .
exactly how efficient the system was at coniston is difficult to [evaluate] .

Output in these early years is not easy to assess with accuracy .
output in these early years is not easy to [evaluate] with accuracy .

It would be an even more arduous task to assess how many millions of orphaned children , widowed husbands , parents , relatives and friends are affected by the toll of maternal mortality ; how many parents , grandparents and siblings mourn the death of infants and young children ; and how many bereaved mothers lament the loss of a fetus .
it would be an even more arduous task to [evaluate] how many millions of orphaned children , widowed husbands , parents , relatives and friends are affected by the toll of maternal mortality ; how many parents , grandparents and siblings mourn the death of infants and young children ; and how many bereaved mothers lament the loss of a fetus .

Giving marks for written work can help the student to assess how well he is doing and can serve as reinforcement ( either because good marks tell him he is making satisfactory progress or because poor marks will tell him he must make a grater effort ) .
giving marks for written work can help the student to [evaluate] how well he is doing and can serve as reinforcement ( either because good marks tell him he is making satisfactory progress or because poor marks will tell him he must make a grater effort ) .

He suggested that in the meantime we should visit the Arussi mountains ; this would enable us to assess our men and , if necessary , change some before we committed ourselves to the Danakil country .
he suggested that in the meantime we should visit the arussi mountains ; this would enable us to [evaluate] our men and , if necessary , change some before we committed ourselves to the danakil country .

In fact it is just as misleading to ignore the packaging and expect someone to assess the new situation without any help .
in fact it is just as misleading to ignore the packaging and expect someone to [evaluate] the new situation without any help .

We can not , as in the idealized experiment , vary only one quantity and assess its effect .
we can not , as in the idealized experiment , vary only one quantity and [evaluate] its effect .

Various parameters are used to assess the severity of reflux , for example , percentage time for which the oesophagus reaches a pH of less than 4 , number of episodes , and average duration of each reflux episode .
various parameters are used to [evaluate] the severity of reflux , for example , percentage time for which the oesophagus reaches a ph of less than 4 , number of episodes , and average duration of each reflux episode .

Although these data are extremely useful , it can not assess reflux of potentially harmful materials such as bile , which has a near neutral pH , or even food with a near neutral pH that may contain other damaging agents such as pepsin .
although these data are extremely useful , it can not [evaluate] reflux of potentially harmful materials such as bile , which has a near neutral ph , or even food with a near neutral ph that may contain other damaging agents such as pepsin .

Moreover , the application of the barostat to long term recordings of colonic motility , may prove useful to assess other pathopysiological aspects of functional colonic disorders .
moreover , the application of the barostat to long term recordings of colonic motility , may prove useful to [evaluate] other pathopysiological aspects of functional colonic disorders .

In this study we have used this technique to assess whether there are any longterm changes in pancreatic function after recovery from acute alcoholic pancreatitis .
in this study we have used this technique to [evaluate] whether there are any longterm changes in pancreatic function after recovery from acute alcoholic pancreatitis .

Grafting models were then developed to assess the capacity of cells isolated and cultured by this method , for organotypic development .
grafting models were then developed to [evaluate] the capacity of cells isolated and cultured by this method , for organotypic development .

To assess rectal epithelial proliferation , the labelling index was determined in at least 15 crypts per section .
to [evaluate] rectal epithelial proliferation , the labelling index was determined in at least 15 crypts per section .

This study aimed to assess the usefulness of endosonography in the surveillance of these patients .
this study aimed to [evaluate] the usefulness of endosonography in the surveillance of these patients .

Patients presenting at Queen Elizabeth Hospital for Children between October 1982 and April 1990 found to be excreting Cryptosporidium in the stool were reviewed retrospectively to assess the presenting symptoms , duration of diarrhoea and patient characteristics .
patients presenting at queen elizabeth hospital for children between october 1982 and april 1990 found to be excreting cryptosporidium in the stool were reviewed retrospectively to [evaluate] the presenting symptoms , duration of diarrhoea and patient characteristics .

Measurement of faecal excretion of Indium-111 labelled leucocytes has been used to assess disease activity and has been shown to effectively distinguish active from quiescent Crohn 's disease and to correlate with other clinical and laboratory activity indices .
measurement of faecal excretion of indium-111 labelled leucocytes has been used to [evaluate] disease activity and has been shown to effectively distinguish active from quiescent crohn 's disease and to correlate with other clinical and laboratory activity indices .

In controls the liver was examined before resection by ultrasound in order to assess whether liver resection was possible or there were multiple hepatic metastasis .
in controls the liver was examined before resection by ultrasound in order to [evaluate] whether liver resection was possible or there were multiple hepatic metastasis .

The paired Student 's t test was used to assess sequential changes .
the paired student 's t test was used to [evaluate] sequential changes .

The aim of this study was to prospectively assess the plasma fatty acid pattern in patients with active inflammatory bowel disease compared with healthy controls and to ascertain whether the activity of the disease has any influence upon plasma concentrations of fatty acids .
the aim of this study was to prospectively [evaluate] the plasma fatty acid pattern in patients with active inflammatory bowel disease compared with healthy controls and to ascertain whether the activity of the disease has any influence upon plasma concentrations of fatty acids .

The patient returned 10 to 12 days after the procedure for a tubogram to assess the presence or absence of stones in the gall bladder and the patency of the cystic and common bile ducts .
the patient returned 10 to 12 days after the procedure for a tubogram to [evaluate] the presence or absence of stones in the gall bladder and the patency of the cystic and common bile ducts .

The study was designed to determine the gastroprotective and ulcer healing efficacy of basic transforming growth factor ( bFGF ) and to assess whether this peptide contributes to the action of sucralfate on the rat stomach .
the study was designed to determine the gastroprotective and ulcer healing efficacy of basic transforming growth factor ( bfgf ) and to [evaluate] whether this peptide contributes to the action of sucralfate on the rat stomach .

The purposes of the present study were ( 1 ) to determine the binding of human recombinant bFGF to the intact and ulcerated gastric mucosa ; ( 2 ) to assess the protective activity of bFGF against the damage by various irritants and stress ; ( 3 ) to examine the efficacy of bFGF in ehaling of gastric ulcers ; and ( 4 ) to evaluate the interaction of bFGF with sucralfate in the gastroprotection and healing of gastric ulcerations in rats .
the purposes of the present study were ( 1 ) to determine the binding of human recombinant bfgf to the intact and ulcerated gastric mucosa ; ( 2 ) to [evaluate] the protective activity of bfgf against the damage by various irritants and stress ; ( 3 ) to examine the efficacy of bfgf in ehaling of gastric ulcers ; and ( 4 ) to evaluate the interaction of bfgf with sucralfate in the gastroprotection and healing of gastric ulcerations in rats .

The study was designed to define the relation between faecal fat and faecal bile acid loss in patients with and without cystic fibrosis related liver disease ; to assess terminal ileal bile acid absorption by a seven day whole body retention of selenium labelled homotaurocholic acid ( SeHCAT ) ; and to determine if small intestinal bacterial overgrowth contributes to faecal bile acid loss .
the study was designed to define the relation between faecal fat and faecal bile acid loss in patients with and without cystic fibrosis related liver disease ; to [evaluate] terminal ileal bile acid absorption by a seven day whole body retention of selenium labelled homotaurocholic acid ( sehcat ) ; and to determine if small intestinal bacterial overgrowth contributes to faecal bile acid loss .

The objectives of this study in an adult population of patients with cystic fibrosis were to : ( 1 ) define the relation between faecal fat and faecal bile acid excretion in patients with and without liver disease ; ( 2 ) to discover if a defect in the ileal bile acid active transport mechanism contributes to faecal bile acid loss ; and ( 3 ) to assess the contribution of small bowel bacterial overgrowth to faecal fat and faecal bile acid losses .
the objectives of this study in an adult population of patients with cystic fibrosis were to : ( 1 ) define the relation between faecal fat and faecal bile acid excretion in patients with and without liver disease ; ( 2 ) to discover if a defect in the ileal bile acid active transport mechanism contributes to faecal bile acid loss ; and ( 3 ) to [evaluate] the contribution of small bowel bacterial overgrowth to faecal fat and faecal bile acid losses .

One month after completing this treatment , the C-urea breath test was repeated to assess eradication of the infection .
one month after completing this treatment , the c-urea breath test was repeated to [evaluate] eradication of the infection .

The study aimed to review referral patterns and assess the cost effectiveness of oesophageal manometry in clinical practice .
the study aimed to review referral patterns and [evaluate] the cost effectiveness of oesophageal manometry in clinical practice .

The purpose of this study was to assess cost effectiveness of oesophageal manometry .
the purpose of this study was to [evaluate] cost effectiveness of oesophageal manometry .

The sign test was used to assess the differences in red cell loss ( using the square root data ) between patients with ulcerative colitis and those with Crohn 's disease for a given level of inflammation .
the sign test was used to [evaluate] the differences in red cell loss ( using the square root data ) between patients with ulcerative colitis and those with crohn 's disease for a given level of inflammation .

This should be conducted soon after admission to hospital to assess the effect of commonly consumed alcoholic beverages on gastrin release and gastric acid secretion and the results should be compared with gastric histology .
this should be conducted soon after admission to hospital to [evaluate] the effect of commonly consumed alcoholic beverages on gastrin release and gastric acid secretion and the results should be compared with gastric histology .

At the first , two week follow up appointment , endoscopy to assess ulcer healing was obligatory .
at the first , two week follow up appointment , endoscopy to [evaluate] ulcer healing was obligatory .

The data relating to the patients ' dietary habits were collected after endoscopically confirmed ulcer healing in 985 patients to assess their habitual intake in relation to their normal physical activity , in the absence of active ulceration .
the data relating to the patients ' dietary habits were collected after endoscopically confirmed ulcer healing in 985 patients to [evaluate] their habitual intake in relation to their normal physical activity , in the absence of active ulceration .

Fourteen healthy adult subjects then collected urine specimens before and within an hour after their normal breakfast , to assess the fall in urine acid output accompanying the first meal of the day .
fourteen healthy adult subjects then collected urine specimens before and within an hour after their normal breakfast , to [evaluate] the fall in urine acid output accompanying the first meal of the day .

This study aimed to assess the frequency of finding unsuspected colonic neoplasia in patients with an upper gastrointestinal cause for anaemia , and also to assess the usefulness of individual investigations and clinical findings in outpatients referred with iron deficiency anaemia .
this study aimed to [evaluate] the frequency of finding unsuspected colonic neoplasia in patients with an upper gastrointestinal cause for anaemia , and also to [evaluate] the usefulness of individual investigations and clinical findings in outpatients referred with iron deficiency anaemia .

At least one more visit to the Encopresis Clinic was accomplished with all patients after the initial evaluation to review the stool records , assess progress , and repeat the abdominal and rectal examination and to discuss the treatment plan .
at least one more visit to the encopresis clinic was accomplished with all patients after the initial evaluation to review the stool records , [evaluate] progress , and repeat the abdominal and rectal examination and to discuss the treatment plan .

Acid output and secretory volumes were preserved during sham feeding , which is considered to assess cholinergic ( vagal ) pathways and after gastrinergic stimulation with pentagastrin .
acid output and secretory volumes were preserved during sham feeding , which is considered to [evaluate] cholinergic ( vagal ) pathways and after gastrinergic stimulation with pentagastrin .

With the few data presently available , it is difficult to assess whether isolated primary involvement by non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma would be equally responsive to treatment ; our case 1 patient died of complications before any relevant treatment could be undertaken , whereas follow up in the case reported by Berman et al was too short ; only successful local excision of the tumour was reported although ‘ radiotherapy and chemotherapy were recommended to the patient ’ .
with the few data presently available , it is difficult to [evaluate] whether isolated primary involvement by non-hodgkin 's lymphoma would be equally responsive to treatment ; our case 1 patient died of complications before any relevant treatment could be undertaken , whereas follow up in the case reported by berman et al was too short ; only successful local excision of the tumour was reported although ‘ radiotherapy and chemotherapy were recommended to the patient ’ .

In this study , two immunocytochemical methods that measure different components of the cell cycle were compared to assess cell proliferation on biopsy samples from human colonic mucosa .
in this study , two immunocytochemical methods that measure different components of the cell cycle were compared to [evaluate] cell proliferation on biopsy samples from human colonic mucosa .

This present study was not designed to assess the biological significance of endotoxaemia , however , nor the treatment of colitis .
this present study was not designed to [evaluate] the biological significance of endotoxaemia , however , nor the treatment of colitis .

Conclusions are often discordant , however , and the predictive value of the results is often difficult to assess from the data .
conclusions are often discordant , however , and the predictive value of the results is often difficult to [evaluate] from the data .

All groups underwent abdominal ultrasound scan to determine the presence of gall stones and exclude liver metastases in the cancer group , as well as biochemical tests to assess hepatic and renal function .
all groups underwent abdominal ultrasound scan to determine the presence of gall stones and exclude liver metastases in the cancer group , as well as biochemical tests to [evaluate] hepatic and renal function .

In the intestinal mucosa of patients with Crohn 's disease related to disease activity in order to assess the possible role of platelet activating factor in the pathogenesis of Crohn 's disease .
in the intestinal mucosa of patients with crohn 's disease related to disease activity in order to [evaluate] the possible role of platelet activating factor in the pathogenesis of crohn 's disease .

To assess the value of gastroscopic cancer surveillance of patients with pernicious anaemia , 56 patients were re-endoscoped and biopsied after three years .
to [evaluate] the value of gastroscopic cancer surveillance of patients with pernicious anaemia , 56 patients were re-endoscoped and biopsied after three years .

To assess cytokine production in tissues , it is necessary to localise both protein and mRNA .
to [evaluate] cytokine production in tissues , it is necessary to localise both protein and mrna .

The aim of the present study was therefore to assess splenic function in chronic alcoholics , and to see whether functional hyposplenism might be a contributory factor in their predisposition to infection .
the aim of the present study was therefore to [evaluate] splenic function in chronic alcoholics , and to see whether functional hyposplenism might be a contributory factor in their predisposition to infection .

The present investigation is the first report of radionuclide angiography specifically used to assess the patency/occlusion of the portal venous system .
the present investigation is the first report of radionuclide angiography specifically used to [evaluate] the patency/occlusion of the portal venous system .

The aim of our study was to assess the efficacy and longterm effectiveness of treatment with endoscopy in Dieulafoy 's disease .
the aim of our study was to [evaluate] the efficacy and longterm effectiveness of treatment with endoscopy in dieulafoy 's disease .

After a baseline recording , we gave a meal to assess the gastrocolonic response .
after a baseline recording , we gave a meal to [evaluate] the gastrocolonic response .

Synthetic oligosacharides coupled to cristalline silica were used as solid immunoabsorbants to assess the degree of inhibition of antibody mediated agglutination .
synthetic oligosacharides coupled to cristalline silica were used as solid immunoabsorbants to [evaluate] the degree of inhibition of antibody mediated agglutination .

In 1979 Marsh published a study which attempted to assess the price effects of rights issues and consequently the semi-strong efficiency of the London Stock Exchange .
in 1979 marsh published a study which attempted to [evaluate] the price effects of rights issues and consequently the semi-strong efficiency of the london stock exchange .

‘ Look like slabs of rainbow chocolate ! ’ sniffed Iris , pausing to assess the effect . ‘ Architectural vandalism ! ’
‘ look like slabs of rainbow chocolate ! ’ sniffed iris , pausing to [evaluate] the effect . ‘ architectural vandalism ! ’

The problem was how to assess effort or commitment or end result of one or a series of lessons like discussions or role play or simulations ?
the problem was how to [evaluate] effort or commitment or end result of one or a series of lessons like discussions or role play or simulations ?

to assess whether curriculum content matches pupils ' needs ;
to [evaluate] whether curriculum content matches pupils ' needs ;

to assess whether curriculum process matches pupils ' needs ;
to [evaluate] whether curriculum process matches pupils ' needs ;

to assess whether curriculum organization matches pupils ' needs ;
to [evaluate] whether curriculum organization matches pupils ' needs ;

In addition to attempting to assess attitudes , in this part of the questionnaire we also sought information about routine evaluation .
in addition to attempting to [evaluate] attitudes , in this part of the questionnaire we also sought information about routine evaluation .

It is often easier to assess a continuous probability distribution than a set of specific values .
it is often easier to [evaluate] a continuous probability distribution than a set of specific values .

To assess the distribution , the project leader is first asked to give a date such that the true date is as likely to be after it as before it .
to [evaluate] the distribution , the project leader is first asked to give a date such that the true date is as likely to be after it as before it .

It may be a hindrance , for the new method of recruitment to the Conservative Central Office approved list of parliamentary candidates places no emphasis on social connections , and tries to assess a candidate 's practical and political potential .
it may be a hindrance , for the new method of recruitment to the conservative central office approved list of parliamentary candidates places no emphasis on social connections , and tries to [evaluate] a candidate 's practical and political potential .

Three of the seated children tensed , fixing on Miss Harker to assess her reaction to this bold move .
three of the seated children tensed , fixing on miss harker to [evaluate] her reaction to this bold move .

Its behaviour thus offers the subject ample opportunity to assess and accept the amiability of the approach .
its behaviour thus offers the subject ample opportunity to [evaluate] and accept the amiability of the approach .

The English language is particularly rich in words we can use to describe our emotions , which makes it rather difficult to assess how many basic emotions there are .
the english language is particularly rich in words we can use to describe our emotions , which makes it rather difficult to [evaluate] how many basic emotions there are .

When people meet in a social situation , they assess each other visually .
when people meet in a social situation , they [evaluate] each other visually .

Its sense of smell must function for it to assess horses it has not met before , and also to fully recognise old companions it may meet in a different environment .
its sense of smell must function for it to [evaluate] horses it has not met before , and also to fully recognise old companions it may meet in a different environment .

As new ideas come up during preparations the chart will help you assess their potential within the overall strategy .
as new ideas come up during preparations the chart will help you [evaluate] their potential within the overall strategy .

It is difficult to assess the impact of Christianity on a sector of experience which was undergoing profound change in the course of late antiquity .
it is difficult to [evaluate] the impact of christianity on a sector of experience which was undergoing profound change in the course of late antiquity .

However we assess the impact of Islam on the economy , the society , and the culture of Europe , its significance for the history of Christianity is immeasurable .
however we [evaluate] the impact of islam on the economy , the society , and the culture of europe , its significance for the history of christianity is immeasurable .

Height should not present a problem , but frame size can be difficult to assess .
height should not present a problem , but frame size can be difficult to [evaluate] .

We include here an ideal weight chart ( Table 1 ) to help you assess your own personal goal , but do remember that this is a rough estimate only .
we include here an ideal weight chart ( table 1 ) to help you [evaluate] your own personal goal , but do remember that this is a rough estimate only .

One aid to setting your goal for weight is to assess , as objectively as you can , your present size and appearance .
one aid to setting your goal for weight is to [evaluate] , as objectively as you can , your present size and appearance .

Representing Dagenham , in east London , Mr Gould is seen by some colleagues as well-placed to assess how Labour can broaden its appeal to the communities that have rejected it at four general elections in a row .
representing dagenham , in east london , mr gould is seen by some colleagues as well-placed to [evaluate] how labour can broaden its appeal to the communities that have rejected it at four general elections in a row .

Little scientific data has ever been released to assess the effect of the killing on the dolphin population , and much of what is known about the hunt has been gathered at great personal risk by non-government organisations .
little scientific data has ever been released to [evaluate] the effect of the killing on the dolphin population , and much of what is known about the hunt has been gathered at great personal risk by non-government organisations .

People who are blind can not judge the colour of light , people who are totally deaf can not assess the wonder of a Mendelssohn sonata , and people whose whole experience of life has been lived in the darkness of materialism can not fully appreciate the holiness and perfection of God who dwells in light unapproachable .
people who are blind can not judge the colour of light , people who are totally deaf can not [evaluate] the wonder of a mendelssohn sonata , and people whose whole experience of life has been lived in the darkness of materialism can not fully appreciate the holiness and perfection of god who dwells in light unapproachable .

Although Iraq 's losses are harder to assess , there is no doubt that the American-led coalition has dumped a huge tonnage of bombs inside both Iraq and Kuwait .
although iraq 's losses are harder to [evaluate] , there is no doubt that the american-led coalition has dumped a huge tonnage of bombs inside both iraq and kuwait .

The alternative is subjectively to rank all-comers : so participants were also asked to assess British companies in any industry , not just their own , by the same eight criteria — a question not asked in 1989 .
the alternative is subjectively to rank all-comers : so participants were also asked to [evaluate] british companies in any industry , not just their own , by the same eight criteria — a question not asked in 1989 .

But many system developers are unable to assess requirements properly .
but many system developers are unable to [evaluate] requirements properly .

It also says major applications will be made available on plug-in cards but , as always , computer buyers should only assess what they can see , not what might turn up who-knows-when .
it also says major applications will be made available on plug-in cards but , as always , computer buyers should only [evaluate] what they can see , not what might turn up who-knows-when .

He apologised for having failed to assess the extent of corruption and abuse of power .
he apologised for having failed to [evaluate] the extent of corruption and abuse of power .

He apologised for having failed to assess the extent of corruption and abuse of power .
he apologised for having failed to [evaluate] the extent of corruption and abuse of power .

He apologised for having failed to assess the extent of corruption and abuse of power .
he apologised for having failed to [evaluate] the extent of corruption and abuse of power .

Now the Game Conservancy Trust at Fordingbridge , Hampshire , is appealing for farmers involved in set-aside schemes to take part in a research project starting this year to assess the impact on the partridge population .
now the game conservancy trust at fordingbridge , hampshire , is appealing for farmers involved in set-aside schemes to take part in a research project starting this year to [evaluate] the impact on the partridge population .

Index-linked gilts are complex investments to assess and the investor does obtain professional management by buying via a specialist fund .
index-linked gilts are complex investments to [evaluate] and the investor does obtain professional management by buying via a specialist fund .

Wanless says a computer can be programed to assess personal customers .
wanless says a computer can be programed to [evaluate] personal customers .

It is important for managers to assess the point at which the information system stops and the decision making begins .
it is important for managers to [evaluate] the point at which the information system stops and the decision making begins .

The reader may like to reflect on his/her own planning approach and assess its validity by comparing it with the following checklist of factors which facilitate effective planning .
the reader may like to reflect on his/her own planning approach and [evaluate] its validity by comparing it with the following checklist of factors which facilitate effective planning .

Finally , evaluation takes place as criteria in the form of objectives provide a ‘ bench mark ’ against which to assess performance .
finally , evaluation takes place as criteria in the form of objectives provide a ‘ bench mark ’ against which to [evaluate] performance .

There is no significant attempt to assess the validity of existing spending patterns .
there is no significant attempt to [evaluate] the validity of existing spending patterns .

This analytical framework is used to assess practice in the following case study of a secondary school where the distribution of capitation allowances is a microcosm of resource behaviour .
this analytical framework is used to [evaluate] practice in the following case study of a secondary school where the distribution of capitation allowances is a microcosm of resource behaviour .

it overlooks the need to assess and reassess the needs and changing demands made on department funds .
it overlooks the need to [evaluate] and reassess the needs and changing demands made on department funds .

These are difficult to assess .
these are difficult to [evaluate] .

Before we can assess fully the relative merits of dramatic playing , exercise and performance modes , it will be necessary to re-define the relationship between them , particularly from the point of view of emotion .
before we can [evaluate] fully the relative merits of dramatic playing , exercise and performance modes , it will be necessary to re-define the relationship between them , particularly from the point of view of emotion .

We can assess all the relevant factors for you , and produce the right amount of cash at the appropriate time .
we can [evaluate] all the relevant factors for you , and produce the right amount of cash at the appropriate time .

They allow you to assess the suitability of candidates and also to ensure that the latter have sufficient information on which to base their own decision .
they allow you to [evaluate] the suitability of candidates and also to ensure that the latter have sufficient information on which to base their own decision .

Then , during the interview you can attempt to use the candidate specification to assess how the person matches up to your requirements .
then , during the interview you can attempt to use the candidate specification to [evaluate] how the person matches up to your requirements .

Assess and build up your bargaining power early on , preferably well before negotiations start .
[evaluate] and build up your bargaining power early on , preferably well before negotiations start .

Dumenil has called in Touche Ross as independent accountants to assess the scale of the problem .
dumenil has called in touche ross as independent accountants to [evaluate] the scale of the problem .

Even though the role of the body clock as the internal cause of a rhythm can be investigated after removing external causes by performing a constant routine for 24 hours , this only enables us to assess the effects of the clock over a single cycle of the rhythm .
even though the role of the body clock as the internal cause of a rhythm can be investigated after removing external causes by performing a constant routine for 24 hours , this only enables us to [evaluate] the effects of the clock over a single cycle of the rhythm .

Individuals were also asked to assess the severity of a task at different times during the 24 hours .
individuals were also asked to [evaluate] the severity of a task at different times during the 24 hours .

It might be considered that performance at many factory jobs would be easier to assess since a product is involved .
it might be considered that performance at many factory jobs would be easier to [evaluate] since a product is involved .

Taken to an extreme , driving and flight simulators aim to duplicate the real thing exactly and if used repetitively they could assess changes due to daily rhythms .
taken to an extreme , driving and flight simulators aim to duplicate the real thing exactly and if used repetitively they could [evaluate] changes due to daily rhythms .

Citizens ' Advice Bureaux can also put compulsive spenders in touch with debt counsellors , who are able to assess their clients ' finances and thus establish an escape from what can feel like a financial swamp .
citizens ' advice bureaux can also put compulsive spenders in touch with debt counsellors , who are able to [evaluate] their clients ' finances and thus establish an escape from what can feel like a financial swamp .

‘ With the food hygiene regulations , local authorities must assess each food outlet on its risk factor .
‘ with the food hygiene regulations , local authorities must [evaluate] each food outlet on its risk factor .

The full extent of the attack must be discovered in order to assess its severity .
the full extent of the attack must be discovered in order to [evaluate] its severity .

Because the bulk of the work was supervised by the owner , the overall cost is difficult to assess , but a figure of £50,000 at 1979 prices probably represents the right order of expense .
because the bulk of the work was supervised by the owner , the overall cost is difficult to [evaluate] , but a figure of £50,000 at 1979 prices probably represents the right order of expense .

If these approaches seem a bit arbitrary , then learn how to assess the horse 's ‘ form ’ .
if these approaches seem a bit arbitrary , then learn how to [evaluate] the horse 's ‘ form ’ .

When asked to assess the opposition , manager Lazaroni replied diplomatically that he fears no single Italian player , rather he fears the whole side .
when asked to [evaluate] the opposition , manager lazaroni replied diplomatically that he fears no single italian player , rather he fears the whole side .

The only significant shortcoming in the Dearing report was its failure to assess the true cost of operating the system it proposed .
the only significant shortcoming in the dearing report was its failure to [evaluate] the true cost of operating the system it proposed .

Thus , criteria of competence only become evident when policemen and women give accounts of what they assess as ‘ good ’ police work in real-life settings ( p. 45 ) .
thus , criteria of competence only become evident when policemen and women give accounts of what they [evaluate] as ‘ good ’ police work in real-life settings ( p. 45 ) .

This chapter is intended to illustrate the operation of community policing in Easton , and in the process to assess the commitment given it by the ordinary policemen and women who carry it out , looking separately at the units responsible for community relations and neighbourhood policing .
this chapter is intended to illustrate the operation of community policing in easton , and in the process to [evaluate] the commitment given it by the ordinary policemen and women who carry it out , looking separately at the units responsible for community relations and neighbourhood policing .

The current excavation at the Globe is merely to assess the site 's archaeological potential .
the current excavation at the globe is merely to [evaluate] the site 's archaeological potential .

Under the terms of the 1986 Disabled Persons Act , the social services department must assess the needs for day services and services at home of people who are disabled .
under the terms of the 1986 disabled persons act , the social services department must [evaluate] the needs for day services and services at home of people who are disabled .

The renovation grants section must consult the local social services department , and will normally arrange for an occupational therapist to visit you to assess your needs .
the renovation grants section must consult the local social services department , and will normally arrange for an occupational therapist to visit you to [evaluate] your needs .

The goal of art history is first to place the work of art in history and then assess it in the light of its unique position .
the goal of art history is first to place the work of art in history and then [evaluate] it in the light of its unique position .

You may say that it is refutable and so it is empirical ; but then — see below — our criteria for cognisance are so much bound up with what the subject can do that it is difficult to see how we could assess the cognisance of a totally passive creature . )
you may say that it is refutable and so it is empirical ; but then — see below — our criteria for cognisance are so much bound up with what the subject can do that it is difficult to see how we could [evaluate] the cognisance of a totally passive creature . )

Motability can provide the names of professional organisations who can assess the needs of the disabled person and advise them whether or not they are capable of driving and what sort of car and adaptations they might need .
motability can provide the names of professional organisations who can [evaluate] the needs of the disabled person and advise them whether or not they are capable of driving and what sort of car and adaptations they might need .

Always assess the special considerations and conditions for the day ( e.g cross winds , turbulence etc . )
always [evaluate] the special considerations and conditions for the day ( e.g cross winds , turbulence etc . )

When there is an opportunity during training for the pilot to decide whether or not a situation is safe , they must be taught to assume that the worst will happen , and then to assess whether there is a risk or not .
when there is an opportunity during training for the pilot to decide whether or not a situation is safe , they must be taught to assume that the worst will happen , and then to [evaluate] whether there is a risk or not .

Higher up on the launch the drill should be : lower the nose into the approach attitude ; release the cable ; assess if a landing ahead is practical .
higher up on the launch the drill should be : lower the nose into the approach attitude ; release the cable ; [evaluate] if a landing ahead is practical .

For a good chance of a safe landing , the ground must be seen from at least a thousand feet so that there is time to select a field and assess the wind .
for a good chance of a safe landing , the ground must be seen from at least a thousand feet so that there is time to select a field and [evaluate] the wind .

If you do run into lift , you must assess the situation on each turn , being ready to break off for a normal base leg and approach .
if you do run into lift , you must [evaluate] the situation on each turn , being ready to break off for a normal base leg and approach .

’ Somehow his feelings became detached from the critical procedures ( not that he does not handle and assess his own work critically , which he does ) .
’ somehow his feelings became detached from the critical procedures ( not that he does not handle and [evaluate] his own work critically , which he does ) .

The tournament though , in giving some of our hopefuls the opportunity to assess themselves against quality foreign opposition , delivers some harsh truths .
the tournament though , in giving some of our hopefuls the opportunity to [evaluate] themselves against quality foreign opposition , delivers some harsh truths .

Most fieldwork is simply episodic , made by an outsider moving in for a period to assess observed social behaviour .
most fieldwork is simply episodic , made by an outsider moving in for a period to [evaluate] observed social behaviour .

Within the separate police forces , the nuances of uniform difference were always embroidered by ‘ real polises ’ to produce symbolic boundaries from which to assess other uniform wearers .
within the separate police forces , the nuances of uniform difference were always embroidered by ‘ real polises ’ to produce symbolic boundaries from which to [evaluate] other uniform wearers .

Crime Prevention Officer : at the local police station — he or she can give you the names of local locksmiths and security firms and will visit your home to assess your security needs .
crime prevention officer : at the local police station — he or she can give you the names of local locksmiths and security firms and will visit your home to [evaluate] your security needs .

This has meant that elsewhere it has been very difficult to assess the extent of the problem , which has therefore been underestimated .
this has meant that elsewhere it has been very difficult to [evaluate] the extent of the problem , which has therefore been underestimated .

This is a simple way for the doctor to assess urethritis .
this is a simple way for the doctor to [evaluate] urethritis .

By performing this examination , the doctor is able to assess the nature and consistency of any vaginal discharge and take samples for microscopic and cultural analysis .
by performing this examination , the doctor is able to [evaluate] the nature and consistency of any vaginal discharge and take samples for microscopic and cultural analysis .

The doctor will often feel it necessary to examine the pelvic organs manually to assess whether there is evidence of pelvic inflammatory disease , fibroids in the uterus , or to see whether the uterus is enlarged when pregnancy is suspected .
the doctor will often feel it necessary to examine the pelvic organs manually to [evaluate] whether there is evidence of pelvic inflammatory disease , fibroids in the uterus , or to see whether the uterus is enlarged when pregnancy is suspected .

The fees vary from about £10 to £40 per session , depending on the trainer 's skills , how much in demand he or she is , the distance travelled and what some trainers assess you can afford .
the fees vary from about £10 to £40 per session , depending on the trainer 's skills , how much in demand he or she is , the distance travelled and what some trainers [evaluate] you can afford .

Experience shows that it is often difficult to assess the extent of exposure to light that samples receive in the market and hence to estimate the degree of exaggeration or acceleration that any one test gives .
experience shows that it is often difficult to [evaluate] the extent of exposure to light that samples receive in the market and hence to estimate the degree of exaggeration or acceleration that any one test gives .

In the case of bulk packages from which the product is likely to be removed in successive quantities over a period of time , separate tests should be carried out to assess the effect of storage in partly filled containers .
in the case of bulk packages from which the product is likely to be removed in successive quantities over a period of time , separate tests should be carried out to [evaluate] the effect of storage in partly filled containers .

Tests which are essentially ‘ comparison ’ tests are relatively easy to assess .
tests which are essentially ‘ comparison ’ tests are relatively easy to [evaluate] .

You must be able to assess your land potential and to farm within it , and know how to build up fertility to reach that potential by the most economic means .
you must be able to [evaluate] your land potential and to farm within it , and know how to build up fertility to reach that potential by the most economic means .

It is of the greatest importance for a potential buyer or tenant to assess the potential of a farm before committing himself to it .
it is of the greatest importance for a potential buyer or tenant to [evaluate] the potential of a farm before committing himself to it .

Towards the end of 1988 many people were asking : Are there still any buildings at risk ? Have n't you saved them all ? We knew , from our travels around the country , that there were many buildings standing empty and derelict , and we decided to start a register , firstly to try to assess the scale of the problem and secondly to try to foster interest in their repair and restoration .
towards the end of 1988 many people were asking : are there still any buildings at risk ? have n't you saved them all ? we knew , from our travels around the country , that there were many buildings standing empty and derelict , and we decided to start a register , firstly to try to [evaluate] the scale of the problem and secondly to try to foster interest in their repair and restoration .

The important thing from the start is to assess all the buildings on the site in terms of existing resources .
the important thing from the start is to [evaluate] all the buildings on the site in terms of existing resources .

The others were more difficult to assess .
the others were more difficult to [evaluate] .

In judging a living thing , other imponderables also come into play , which only the trained eye of an experienced judge can correctly assess within the framework of the total picture .
in judging a living thing , other imponderables also come into play , which only the trained eye of an experienced judge can correctly [evaluate] within the framework of the total picture .

Movement is always hard to assess at this age , but avoid any puppy who moves erratically or is obviously lame !
movement is always hard to [evaluate] at this age , but avoid any puppy who moves erratically or is obviously lame !

Assess temperament .
[evaluate] temperament .

Three years ago , under increasing pressure to ‘ prove its worth ’ , Bristol requested a joint study to assess its work , and to be publicly accountable to the general public , as well as to the sceptical scientific community .
three years ago , under increasing pressure to ‘ prove its worth ’ , bristol requested a joint study to [evaluate] its work , and to be publicly accountable to the general public , as well as to the sceptical scientific community .

‘ Even now , Bond Brewing bankers are meeting to assess their position in respect of Bond Brewing .
‘ even now , bond brewing bankers are meeting to [evaluate] their position in respect of bond brewing .

£31m to assess doctors .
£31m to [evaluate] doctors .

Mrs Virginia Bottomley , the Health Minister of State , said the tests would help assess the prevalence of the virus in the population for the purpose of planning health education and the provision of services .
mrs virginia bottomley , the health minister of state , said the tests would help [evaluate] the prevalence of the virus in the population for the purpose of planning health education and the provision of services .

assess their market potential and
[evaluate] their market potential and

Survey responses from two different countries can be tabulated , and chi-squared tests used to assess the similarities/differences between them .
survey responses from two different countries can be tabulated , and chi-squared tests used to [evaluate] the similarities/differences between them .

There is little sign that the government was able to find the time or the inclination to assess sceptically the framework within which balance-of-payments policy was conducted .
there is little sign that the government was able to find the time or the inclination to [evaluate] sceptically the framework within which balance-of-payments policy was conducted .

The full extent of marital breakdown is of course very hard to assess , and Roderick Phillips has argued convincingly that while divorce might breed divorce , it does not necessarily breed marital breakdown .
the full extent of marital breakdown is of course very hard to [evaluate] , and roderick phillips has argued convincingly that while divorce might breed divorce , it does not necessarily breed marital breakdown .

You 've got to be prepared to listen to a lot of varied opinions about many difficult problems , assess the people who give you those opinions and at the end of the day you 've got to be very decisive and determined .
you 've got to be prepared to listen to a lot of varied opinions about many difficult problems , [evaluate] the people who give you those opinions and at the end of the day you 've got to be very decisive and determined .

This gives the engineer a chance to hear your music and assess how to record your band .
this gives the engineer a chance to hear your music and [evaluate] how to record your band .

Together , we assess when the album should reach the market place , and from that the agent books the territories where the band is to play .
together , we [evaluate] when the album should reach the market place , and from that the agent books the territories where the band is to play .

It is always difficult to assess the political significance of an individual leader .
it is always difficult to [evaluate] the political significance of an individual leader .

It is difficult to assess whether these trends will produce a lasting shift in the middle ground .
it is difficult to [evaluate] whether these trends will produce a lasting shift in the middle ground .

We asked respondents to assess the usefulness of each source for each purpose by giving it a ‘ mark out of ten ’ .
we asked respondents to [evaluate] the usefulness of each source for each purpose by giving it a ‘ mark out of ten ’ .

To assess the impact of pervasive and consensual television news we can correlate trends in television news content and trends in overall public perceptions .
to [evaluate] the impact of pervasive and consensual television news we can correlate trends in television news content and trends in overall public perceptions .

To assess the impact of more differentiated media sources we can look for differences between their different audiences : differences between readers of highbrow or lowbrow papers , for example , or between readers of right-wing and left-wing papers .
to [evaluate] the impact of more differentiated media sources we can look for differences between their different audiences : differences between readers of highbrow or lowbrow papers , for example , or between readers of right-wing and left-wing papers .

Second , he has a chance to assess the realities on the ground : East Germany 's internal political balance , and the prospects for the Honecker succession .
second , he has a chance to [evaluate] the realities on the ground : east germany 's internal political balance , and the prospects for the honecker succession .

Many studies have been made in an effort to assess the correct national speed , and to warn those in the fast lane of their ultimate folly .
many studies have been made in an effort to [evaluate] the correct national speed , and to warn those in the fast lane of their ultimate folly .

it seeks as students in its classes all who feel , and can be caused to feel , the need to understand the way our society works , to assess its values and to comprehend the problems which confront it now , in order to discharge more effectively their duties and responsibilities as citizens ;
it seeks as students in its classes all who feel , and can be caused to feel , the need to understand the way our society works , to [evaluate] its values and to comprehend the problems which confront it now , in order to discharge more effectively their duties and responsibilities as citizens ;

Most of our neighbours have neither manservants nor maidservants , let alone oxen or assess — but the principle of the Commandment still applies .
most of our neighbours have neither manservants nor maidservants , let alone oxen or [evaluate] — but the principle of the commandment still applies .

Research is therefore required , believes Simonsen , not only into the impact of the working environment on brain chemistry , but also to assess the extent to which internal brain processes can modify these effects .
research is therefore required , believes simonsen , not only into the impact of the working environment on brain chemistry , but also to [evaluate] the extent to which internal brain processes can modify these effects .

This information is supported by numerous figures , references and tables of examples , which enable the reader to assess the scope as well as the limitations of the reaction in question .
this information is supported by numerous figures , references and tables of examples , which enable the reader to [evaluate] the scope as well as the limitations of the reaction in question .

The cost effectiveness of developmental CMHTs is inherently difficult to assess .
the cost effectiveness of developmental cmhts is inherently difficult to [evaluate] .

Despite professional emphasis on treating each case on its individual merits , consistent similarities were found between social workers from different regions in the criteria they used to assess the likelihood of further sexual abuse .
despite professional emphasis on treating each case on its individual merits , consistent similarities were found between social workers from different regions in the criteria they used to [evaluate] the likelihood of further sexual abuse .

However , requests for admission are not always supported by adequate information , which makes it difficult to assess whether admission is appropriate ( Bastiaansen , 1976 ; Schelvis , 1977 ; Knorth , 1987 ) .
however , requests for admission are not always supported by adequate information , which makes it difficult to [evaluate] whether admission is appropriate ( bastiaansen , 1976 ; schelvis , 1977 ; knorth , 1987 ) .

It is scarcely feasible for the communes to set up the apparatus to assess local household incomes ; this is a matter that is best left to the republics and provinces .
it is scarcely feasible for the communes to set up the apparatus to [evaluate] local household incomes ; this is a matter that is best left to the republics and provinces .

They also want to assess more fully the damage that the debacle might have done to long-term customer confidence in Ferranti .
they also want to [evaluate] more fully the damage that the debacle might have done to long-term customer confidence in ferranti .

There was little in the report to offer investors any incentive to assess the company more favouarbly .
there was little in the report to offer investors any incentive to [evaluate] the company more favouarbly .

The housing forum in Wensleydale was set up to assess the severity of the problem .
the housing forum in wensleydale was set up to [evaluate] the severity of the problem .

The required standard of self-control is kept fairly constant , but in order to assess the strength of the provocation , it is necessary to consider the relevant personal characteristics .
the required standard of self-control is kept fairly constant , but in order to [evaluate] the strength of the provocation , it is necessary to consider the relevant personal characteristics .

The merit of separate qualified defences is that they focus the evidence and the legal argument , giving the jury ( in contested cases ) an opportunity to assess the defence , and giving the judge fairly precise guidance on the basis for sentencing : this might be thought to ensure that each defendant is dealt with more fairly , but the risk of confusing the jury in a contested case might tend to erode that protection .
the merit of separate qualified defences is that they focus the evidence and the legal argument , giving the jury ( in contested cases ) an opportunity to [evaluate] the defence , and giving the judge fairly precise guidance on the basis for sentencing : this might be thought to ensure that each defendant is dealt with more fairly , but the risk of confusing the jury in a contested case might tend to erode that protection .

Such laws are partly paternalistic , based on the argument that the State is in a better position to assess the risks of injury , and partly economic , in the sense that conformity with the law would save millions of pounds in medical expenses ( as well as much grief for citizens ) .
such laws are partly paternalistic , based on the argument that the state is in a better position to [evaluate] the risks of injury , and partly economic , in the sense that conformity with the law would save millions of pounds in medical expenses ( as well as much grief for citizens ) .

The answer to this requires us to assess the relative centrality of sexual choice to life choices and living standards .
the answer to this requires us to [evaluate] the relative centrality of sexual choice to life choices and living standards .

Kennel staff are trained in the use of ultrasound , artificial insemination , cytology ( testing to assess a bitch 's optimum conception time ) , as well as supervising the matings themselves .
kennel staff are trained in the use of ultrasound , artificial insemination , cytology ( testing to [evaluate] a bitch 's optimum conception time ) , as well as supervising the matings themselves .

They also interview potential guide dog owners to assess their suitability .
they also interview potential guide dog owners to [evaluate] their suitability .

He is an agricultural science graduate from Oxford University and feels competent to assess evidence and act logically .
he is an agricultural science graduate from oxford university and feels competent to [evaluate] evidence and act logically .

Catalogue comparisons with the fragrance of tea , lemon , spices , wine , apples or more exotic fruits can be misleading , and it is important to assess scent for yourself .
catalogue comparisons with the fragrance of tea , lemon , spices , wine , apples or more exotic fruits can be misleading , and it is important to [evaluate] scent for yourself .

Stanley stopped to assess the chances of driving on .
stanley stopped to [evaluate] the chances of driving on .

Richard and Kathleen Titmuss attempted to assess the economic and social consequences of the changes they had noted . In dramatic form they suggested :
richard and kathleen titmuss attempted to [evaluate] the economic and social consequences of the changes they had noted . in dramatic form they suggested :

It is difficult to assess whether or not unemployment and economic conditions were vital to the decline in the size of working-class families , or whether the prospect of purchasing new consumer goods conditioned the responses of the working classes .
it is difficult to [evaluate] whether or not unemployment and economic conditions were vital to the decline in the size of working-class families , or whether the prospect of purchasing new consumer goods conditioned the responses of the working classes .

Scientific examination can be used to assess the extent of repairs or new work , and to pick up the joins and fillers used to disguise them .
scientific examination can be used to [evaluate] the extent of repairs or new work , and to pick up the joins and fillers used to disguise them .

The actual technique is to jet a small area and as spray or steam obscures the action to stop jetting and assess the effect before continuing .
the actual technique is to jet a small area and as spray or steam obscures the action to stop jetting and [evaluate] the effect before continuing .

Second , the range of data required tends to be demanding , for example see Skidmore ( 1977 ) and Skidmore , Fisher , and Woodruff ( 1970 ) for the sophisticated data needed to assess wind erosion .
second , the range of data required tends to be demanding , for example see skidmore ( 1977 ) and skidmore , fisher , and woodruff ( 1970 ) for the sophisticated data needed to [evaluate] wind erosion .

Kenneth Button and Michael Fleming of Loughborough University look at the history of regulatory reform on the practice of architecture in the eighties and assess its impact on fees , profit margins and jobs
kenneth button and michael fleming of loughborough university look at the history of regulatory reform on the practice of architecture in the eighties and [evaluate] its impact on fees , profit margins and jobs

The first job of the Fitch Benoy team , led by divisional director Charles Dunnett , was to assess the existing fabric .
the first job of the fitch benoy team , led by divisional director charles dunnett , was to [evaluate] the existing fabric .

Hopper — crazy , mixed up , Dean-possessed Dennis — had already carried out a pretty full testing programme on several available substances and it was often a gamble to assess his behavioural pattern : lovable , sexual , violent or zonked out .
hopper — crazy , mixed up , dean-possessed dennis — had already carried out a pretty full testing programme on several available substances and it was often a gamble to [evaluate] his behavioural pattern : lovable , sexual , violent or zonked out .

Their proposals established the amount of child maintenance and a Child Support Agency to assess , collect and enforce maintenance payments .
their proposals established the amount of child maintenance and a child support agency to [evaluate] , collect and enforce maintenance payments .

During this time they are given drugs thought to be effective against Alzheimers — which also causes memory loss and lack of attention — to assess their efficacy .
during this time they are given drugs thought to be effective against alzheimers — which also causes memory loss and lack of attention — to [evaluate] their efficacy .

It is always interesting to note how handicappers assess maiden race form in comparison with sellers , and in allotting Peak District a 17lb higher rating than Dari Sound , the official may have been over-harsh on the former .
it is always interesting to note how handicappers [evaluate] maiden race form in comparison with sellers , and in allotting peak district a 17lb higher rating than dari sound , the official may have been over-harsh on the former .

Each health authority should assess the need for this care and make provision accordingly , perhaps requiring the opening of convalescent homes or contractual arrangements with private and voluntary sector providers .
each health authority should [evaluate] the need for this care and make provision accordingly , perhaps requiring the opening of convalescent homes or contractual arrangements with private and voluntary sector providers .

The assessment is made by analysts Instat , following a visit by Instat 's European president , Malcolm Penn , to the Soviet Union in April to assess its technical capabilities .
the assessment is made by analysts instat , following a visit by instat 's european president , malcolm penn , to the soviet union in april to [evaluate] its technical capabilities .

The ‘ Renault 2.5 ’ is part of Drivage , and EC-funded project intended to assess the performance of older drivers , and work out what technical advances might be useful to older age groups .
the ‘ renault 2.5 ’ is part of drivage , and ec-funded project intended to [evaluate] the performance of older drivers , and work out what technical advances might be useful to older age groups .

Bobby Robson was there to assess World Cup candidates , but nothing positive emerged from 90 minutes of scuffling that made one almost yearn for the more measured boredom of Rangers ' European Cup exit in Munich three days earlier .
bobby robson was there to [evaluate] world cup candidates , but nothing positive emerged from 90 minutes of scuffling that made one almost yearn for the more measured boredom of rangers ' european cup exit in munich three days earlier .

The sentences must have a rise and full , an ability to flow onwards with pauses for breath , like full stops , or a moment 's silence for the onlookers to assess what has just been stated and to understand its purpose and place in the design before the dance continues .
the sentences must have a rise and full , an ability to flow onwards with pauses for breath , like full stops , or a moment 's silence for the onlookers to [evaluate] what has just been stated and to understand its purpose and place in the design before the dance continues .

We asked a group of consumers — parents and their children — to assess 10 books chosen from both this year 's prize-winning lists and the latest offerings from best-selling authors .
we asked a group of consumers — parents and their children — to [evaluate] 10 books chosen from both this year 's prize-winning lists and the latest offerings from best-selling authors .

The report demands that the Government adopt value for money as its criteria , set targets for reducing carbon dioxide emissions , and assess environmental taxation schemes .
the report demands that the government adopt value for money as its criteria , set targets for reducing carbon dioxide emissions , and [evaluate] environmental taxation schemes .

’ One task for the centres will be to seek out and assess projects suitable for joint ventures with companies or investors elsewhere .
’ one task for the centres will be to seek out and [evaluate] projects suitable for joint ventures with companies or investors elsewhere .

According to Johansson , government planners typically assess how energy demand has grown alongside economic growth .
according to johansson , government planners typically [evaluate] how energy demand has grown alongside economic growth .

We can then properly assess the value and consequence of an acquisition or transfer of power .
we can then properly [evaluate] the value and consequence of an acquisition or transfer of power .

Raising levels of accountability ; by measuring schools against each other locally and nationally ( whilst ‘ taking account of [ a school 's ] particular circumstances ’ ) , enabling LEAs and others to assess schools ' strengths and weaknesses , through publication of National Curriculum assessments .
raising levels of accountability ; by measuring schools against each other locally and nationally ( whilst ‘ taking account of [ a school 's ] particular circumstances ’ ) , enabling leas and others to [evaluate] schools ' strengths and weaknesses , through publication of national curriculum assessments .

The majority of recent commentators have argued that evidence of lesbianism among eighteenth century writers is very difficult to assess .
the majority of recent commentators have argued that evidence of lesbianism among eighteenth century writers is very difficult to [evaluate] .

Therefore , the first section will examine her responses to domestic service ; the second will consider her responses to agriculture and the use of land ; and the third will assess her attitudes toward literary patronage .
therefore , the first section will examine her responses to domestic service ; the second will consider her responses to agriculture and the use of land ; and the third will [evaluate] her attitudes toward literary patronage .

assess and interpret the arguments and opinions of others with increasing precision and discrimination ;
[evaluate] and interpret the arguments and opinions of others with increasing precision and discrimination ;

Therefore only a relatively broad range of tasks can hope to assess children 's performance .
therefore only a relatively broad range of tasks can hope to [evaluate] children 's performance .

The children could use a standard pro forma to assess their own performance against the relevant parts of the attainment targets .
the children could use a standard pro forma to [evaluate] their own performance against the relevant parts of the attainment targets .

Many sociologists have been reluctant to employ the notion of cultural marginality because of the qualitative differences it implies between squatters and their urban counterparts living in the city centre , but have used structural marginality to assess the lack of participation in the urban system .
many sociologists have been reluctant to employ the notion of cultural marginality because of the qualitative differences it implies between squatters and their urban counterparts living in the city centre , but have used structural marginality to [evaluate] the lack of participation in the urban system .

It is difficult to assess the number of garbage pickers , because this fluctuates seasonally and because they are not really enumerated in official statistics , but Birkbeck estimates that at the time of the study , there were between 1,200 and 1,700 garbage pickers in Cali .
it is difficult to [evaluate] the number of garbage pickers , because this fluctuates seasonally and because they are not really enumerated in official statistics , but birkbeck estimates that at the time of the study , there were between 1,200 and 1,700 garbage pickers in cali .

Some people in some circumstances are more likely correctly to assess the argument for authority if put at one level of generality than at another .
some people in some circumstances are more likely correctly to [evaluate] the argument for authority if put at one level of generality than at another .

One has to assess that factor , and the importance of avoiding mistakes in such matters .
one has to [evaluate] that factor , and the importance of avoiding mistakes in such matters .

To the geologists this was ideal territory — a solid chunk of Caledonian Granite into which they planned to sink over twenty-five deep boreholes to assess the substrata .
to the geologists this was ideal territory — a solid chunk of caledonian granite into which they planned to sink over twenty-five deep boreholes to [evaluate] the substrata .

Briar Enterprises started in 1987 . It is run by a closely integrated team which mark and assess all work and as they say ‘ having chosen to study with us , we can assure you of the highest standards of personal attention , help and guidance throughout your course … ’
briar enterprises started in 1987 . it is run by a closely integrated team which mark and [evaluate] all work and as they say ‘ having chosen to study with us , we can assure you of the highest standards of personal attention , help and guidance throughout your course … ’

Techniques developed by botanists and historians have shown that it is possible to assess the age of a hedge by the number of shrub species it contains .
techniques developed by botanists and historians have shown that it is possible to [evaluate] the age of a hedge by the number of shrub species it contains .

Environmentalists have complained that in contrast to road-building programmes , for example , no attempt has been made to assess the cost of intangible environmental losses to the community , as against financial benefits to the farmer ; that calculations of benefit have assumed unrealistic yields and excessively speedy rates of take-up by farmers ; that there is a reluctance to design low-level flood protection , even when farmers are getting by with an arable crop in most years ; that the inevitable patching of eroding banks as a river reacts to the engineering constraints put upon it is never allowed for in the costs ; and that the benefits anticipated from a drainage schemes are based on what are known as ‘ farm-gate prices ’ received by farmers for their crops .
environmentalists have complained that in contrast to road-building programmes , for example , no attempt has been made to [evaluate] the cost of intangible environmental losses to the community , as against financial benefits to the farmer ; that calculations of benefit have assumed unrealistic yields and excessively speedy rates of take-up by farmers ; that there is a reluctance to design low-level flood protection , even when farmers are getting by with an arable crop in most years ; that the inevitable patching of eroding banks as a river reacts to the engineering constraints put upon it is never allowed for in the costs ; and that the benefits anticipated from a drainage schemes are based on what are known as ‘ farm-gate prices ’ received by farmers for their crops .

Moreover teachers have to decide how often and at what stages to assess their pupils ' work .
moreover teachers have to decide how often and at what stages to [evaluate] their pupils ' work .

The occupational therapist 's main role is to assess the patient 's physical needs , and provide appropriate equipment to make daily life easier for both patient and carer , so that they do not expend unnecessary energy on functional tasks which would make the patient 's condition worse , and possibly harm the carer too .
the occupational therapist 's main role is to [evaluate] the patient 's physical needs , and provide appropriate equipment to make daily life easier for both patient and carer , so that they do not expend unnecessary energy on functional tasks which would make the patient 's condition worse , and possibly harm the carer too .

If he has not done much gardening before , you can work together , so that you can enjoy sharing the tasks , and it is easier for you to assess when the patient has had enough .
if he has not done much gardening before , you can work together , so that you can enjoy sharing the tasks , and it is easier for you to [evaluate] when the patient has had enough .

The physiotherapist must be able to assess the patient 's needs , both overall and from session to session , in order to define an effective rehabilitation programme and to set him realistic goals .
the physiotherapist must be able to [evaluate] the patient 's needs , both overall and from session to session , in order to define an effective rehabilitation programme and to set him realistic goals .

So , having assessed the relative importance of the place and the house in which you would like to live , tables such as these should also help to assess the particular locations and houses which seem attractive , and you can then score the extent to which they fulfil your requirements .
so , having assessed the relative importance of the place and the house in which you would like to live , tables such as these should also help to [evaluate] the particular locations and houses which seem attractive , and you can then score the extent to which they fulfil your requirements .

The Building Research Establishment , in attempting to assess the consequences of cracking , published an assessment of visible damage to walls and plaster .
the building research establishment , in attempting to [evaluate] the consequences of cracking , published an assessment of visible damage to walls and plaster .

The way to manage money is firstly to assess what you have coming in and what you have to pay out .
the way to manage money is firstly to [evaluate] what you have coming in and what you have to pay out .

Yet if this were indeed the law , then surely the Act must have had as its object something of greater moment than the nudie magazines and nude pamphlets which British juries were asked so regularly to assess for depravity .
yet if this were indeed the law , then surely the act must have had as its object something of greater moment than the nudie magazines and nude pamphlets which british juries were asked so regularly to [evaluate] for depravity .

Nor need the courts assess the extent to which such harms are measurable against any standard of consequential morality .
nor need the courts [evaluate] the extent to which such harms are measurable against any standard of consequential morality .

But the test itself was also changed , from gross indecency , which like the deprave-and-corrupt test had been adequate to catch most child pornography , to the lesser test of indecency , the precise meaning of which is left to the jury to assess according to their own standards of propriety for children or young people .
but the test itself was also changed , from gross indecency , which like the deprave-and-corrupt test had been adequate to catch most child pornography , to the lesser test of indecency , the precise meaning of which is left to the jury to [evaluate] according to their own standards of propriety for children or young people .

Originally this means of disposal was performed as an experiment to assess what happened to the radioactive material .
originally this means of disposal was performed as an experiment to [evaluate] what happened to the radioactive material .

At Sellafield and Dounreay , drilling is being carried out to assess the suitability of the geological strata of the areas .
at sellafield and dounreay , drilling is being carried out to [evaluate] the suitability of the geological strata of the areas .

An advance visit gives you a chance to assess what the firm is like , what the other people are like and also how they dress , so that you can go appropriately dressed for the interview .
an advance visit gives you a chance to [evaluate] what the firm is like , what the other people are like and also how they dress , so that you can go appropriately dressed for the interview .

Who will assess my work ?
who will [evaluate] my work ?

most sniffable products are a mixture of chemicals and the manufacturers may change their formulation . This makes it hard to assess the dangers of particular products
most sniffable products are a mixture of chemicals and the manufacturers may change their formulation . this makes it hard to [evaluate] the dangers of particular products

Clearly it is easier to assess the predominant function used by an extrovert than that used by an introvert , just because the extrovert likes immediate communication .
clearly it is easier to [evaluate] the predominant function used by an extrovert than that used by an introvert , just because the extrovert likes immediate communication .

‘ When discussing why it is necessary to assess training needs , it is essential to consider the problem of scarce resources .
‘ when discussing why it is necessary to [evaluate] training needs , it is essential to consider the problem of scarce resources .

However , although all current work on training emphasizes the importance of evaluation and its crucial part in any on-going training cycle , limited practical advice is to be found on how to actually do this ( compared with how to assess training needs , for example ) .
however , although all current work on training emphasizes the importance of evaluation and its crucial part in any on-going training cycle , limited practical advice is to be found on how to actually do this ( compared with how to [evaluate] training needs , for example ) .

There are ways , however , of improving on the guesswork … if there is a willingness to assess performance on the part of senior managers , organisation level validation can become feasible .
there are ways , however , of improving on the guesswork … if there is a willingness to [evaluate] performance on the part of senior managers , organisation level validation can become feasible .

It will of course be impossible to attempt to evaluate an overall programme rather than assess a specific course , if no clear overall programme exists .
it will of course be impossible to attempt to evaluate an overall programme rather than [evaluate] a specific course , if no clear overall programme exists .

to assess programme in order to know whether or not objectives have been achieved , to achieve other objectives effectively , and/or to achieve the same objectives more effectively next time .
to [evaluate] programme in order to know whether or not objectives have been achieved , to achieve other objectives effectively , and/or to achieve the same objectives more effectively next time .

This fact meant that Danzigers had far more opportunity to mull over Nazi propaganda and assess for themselves the extent of the Polish , Communist and Jewish ‘ threats ’ .
this fact meant that danzigers had far more opportunity to mull over nazi propaganda and [evaluate] for themselves the extent of the polish , communist and jewish ‘ threats ’ .

Bear in mind that if you do use the transmitter with a line ferret the line needs to be fastened to the collar to assess the actual working position of the transmitter .
bear in mind that if you do use the transmitter with a line ferret the line needs to be fastened to the collar to [evaluate] the actual working position of the transmitter .

Once all work on the system has been completed , then the ground must be tidied up and left in such a state that it is easy to assess at a later date what rabbits have been left behind .
once all work on the system has been completed , then the ground must be tidied up and left in such a state that it is easy to [evaluate] at a later date what rabbits have been left behind .

So all the excavations are filled in for the sake of tidiness , and all the bolt-holes and entrance holes are filled in to help assess what 's been left .
so all the excavations are filled in for the sake of tidiness , and all the bolt-holes and entrance holes are filled in to help [evaluate] what 's been left .

Three times during that year , Cottle was called before medical boards to assess his fitness for active service .
three times during that year , cottle was called before medical boards to [evaluate] his fitness for active service .

By looking at the types of cancer which occur , where they occur , and in what numbers , researchers can spot , for example , any environmental causes of the disease or assess the effectiveness of diagnoses or treatments .
by looking at the types of cancer which occur , where they occur , and in what numbers , researchers can spot , for example , any environmental causes of the disease or [evaluate] the effectiveness of diagnoses or treatments .

Sometimes other service-providers failed to understand the symptoms of dementia and therefore took inappropriate decisions on clients ' behalf ; for example , a social worker who had been asked to assess a client for residential care failed to realise that questions about the client 's own preferences would have to be phrased in such a way that the client could understand what was being proposed for her .
sometimes other service-providers failed to understand the symptoms of dementia and therefore took inappropriate decisions on clients ' behalf ; for example , a social worker who had been asked to [evaluate] a client for residential care failed to realise that questions about the client 's own preferences would have to be phrased in such a way that the client could understand what was being proposed for her .

With nine she felt she could not tell whether or not she could have provided support at home because it was impossible to assess their home care potential while they were in an institution .
with nine she felt she could not tell whether or not she could have provided support at home because it was impossible to [evaluate] their home care potential while they were in an institution .

The third case was impossible to assess , for Mrs Kitchener 's daughter did not want to be interviewed again , but the development officer 's account at a time when Mrs Kitchener had been known to the project for about a year gives some indication of the situation :
the third case was impossible to [evaluate] , for mrs kitchener 's daughter did not want to be interviewed again , but the development officer 's account at a time when mrs kitchener had been known to the project for about a year gives some indication of the situation :

However , extensive and carefully coordinated experiments are being carried out to assess the suitability of more than a dozen beef breeds , including in particular the Hereford and Aberdeen Angus from Britain , the Charolais and Limousin from France and the rare Danish Blue-and-White .
however , extensive and carefully coordinated experiments are being carried out to [evaluate] the suitability of more than a dozen beef breeds , including in particular the hereford and aberdeen angus from britain , the charolais and limousin from france and the rare danish blue-and-white .

After tackling up and laying your baitboxes , landing net etc , around you , and sinking your keepnet in deep-enough water , you should still have a reasonable amount of daylight left to assess your surroundings .
after tackling up and laying your baitboxes , landing net etc , around you , and sinking your keepnet in deep-enough water , you should still have a reasonable amount of daylight left to [evaluate] your surroundings .

It was decided to enlist the help of East Hampshire District Council in an attempt to assess how best to tackle the problem .
it was decided to enlist the help of east hampshire district council in an attempt to [evaluate] how best to tackle the problem .

They filter and assess new material .
they filter and [evaluate] new material .

The selector may try to assess the complexity of the language used , and how this relates to the linguistic experience of his various reader groups , bearing in mind that some subject areas , and the treatment of them , necessarily demand a more complex form of language than others .
the selector may try to [evaluate] the complexity of the language used , and how this relates to the linguistic experience of his various reader groups , bearing in mind that some subject areas , and the treatment of them , necessarily demand a more complex form of language than others .

No surveys to assess changes in vegetation communities/ habitats as the result of agricultural changes in the French uplands have been carried out .
no surveys to [evaluate] changes in vegetation communities/ habitats as the result of agricultural changes in the french uplands have been carried out .

It is difficult to assess the amount of self-deceit involved in such unreal escapes .
it is difficult to [evaluate] the amount of self-deceit involved in such unreal escapes .

We can set up situations — as noted by John Webster — in which we try to find out what is important to the animal by looking at what it prefers and trying to assess how much it will work for something ; how important that particular resource is to the animal .
we can set up situations — as noted by john webster — in which we try to find out what is important to the animal by looking at what it prefers and trying to [evaluate] how much it will work for something ; how important that particular resource is to the animal .

Knowing what your rights may be worth in money terms will help you not only to decide whether or not to take legal action , if necessary , to recover the sums due to you , but also to assess the reasonableness of any ‘ termination package deal ’ offered to you and generally to plan ahead for the future .
knowing what your rights may be worth in money terms will help you not only to decide whether or not to take legal action , if necessary , to recover the sums due to you , but also to [evaluate] the reasonableness of any ‘ termination package deal ’ offered to you and generally to plan ahead for the future .

The Responsible Energy scheme , which will form part of the Responsible Care programme , follows the same principles as its parent scheme , in that chief executives and business or site managers fill in questionnaires which can then be used to assess improvement within the company in the area of energy conservation .
the responsible energy scheme , which will form part of the responsible care programme , follows the same principles as its parent scheme , in that chief executives and business or site managers fill in questionnaires which can then be used to [evaluate] improvement within the company in the area of energy conservation .

In recent years the importance of the prostaglandin pathway in platelets in relation to platelet aggregation has become apparent and several studies have attempted to assess the activity of this pathway in platelets from diabetic subjects .
in recent years the importance of the prostaglandin pathway in platelets in relation to platelet aggregation has become apparent and several studies have attempted to [evaluate] the activity of this pathway in platelets from diabetic subjects .

Several studies have attempted to assess whether there is evidence of increased circulating platelet aggregates in diabetic subjects .
several studies have attempted to [evaluate] whether there is evidence of increased circulating platelet aggregates in diabetic subjects .

The above studies have attempted to assess the presence of circulating platelet aggregates .
the above studies have attempted to [evaluate] the presence of circulating platelet aggregates .

It is difficult to assess the significance of ‘ spontaneous ’ platelet aggregation , that is platelet aggregation induced by stirring alone without the addition of an aggregatory agent .
it is difficult to [evaluate] the significance of ‘ spontaneous ’ platelet aggregation , that is platelet aggregation induced by stirring alone without the addition of an aggregatory agent .

These authors attempted to assess platelet function in citrated whole blood by determining the platelet aggregates formed following electromagnetic agitation for 15 minutes .
these authors attempted to [evaluate] platelet function in citrated whole blood by determining the platelet aggregates formed following electromagnetic agitation for 15 minutes .

Geochemical work on outcrop and borehole samples is needed to assess the source potential and maturity of rocks expected in the zone of interest , but on the whole there seem good prospects of adequate sources , particularly for gas .
geochemical work on outcrop and borehole samples is needed to [evaluate] the source potential and maturity of rocks expected in the zone of interest , but on the whole there seem good prospects of adequate sources , particularly for gas .

Possible Lower Palaeozoic sources will only be of interest where they have escaped premature maturation brought on by burial under thick Devonian cover , a factor very difficult to assess ahead of analytical work in areas where the Devonian has itself suffered erosion .
possible lower palaeozoic sources will only be of interest where they have escaped premature maturation brought on by burial under thick devonian cover , a factor very difficult to [evaluate] ahead of analytical work in areas where the devonian has itself suffered erosion .

To assess the state of organic maturity in the thrust province properly we need do know three main things : the geometry of the thrust sheets including the present thickness of rocks of different ages , the amount of pre-Mesozoic erosion , and past geothermal gradients .
to [evaluate] the state of organic maturity in the thrust province properly we need do know three main things : the geometry of the thrust sheets including the present thickness of rocks of different ages , the amount of pre-mesozoic erosion , and past geothermal gradients .

It is not possible at present to assess the adverse affect that evaporite cements may have on reservoir quality and this must be considered as one of the main risks in exploring for Zechstein gas .
it is not possible at present to [evaluate] the adverse affect that evaporite cements may have on reservoir quality and this must be considered as one of the main risks in exploring for zechstein gas .

Before moving on to make use of the database , it was necessary to assess whether or not the data itself was valid for the organisation being studied , bearing in mind that so far the exercise had been a systems-thinking one , rather than a study of what was happening in practice .
before moving on to make use of the database , it was necessary to [evaluate] whether or not the data itself was valid for the organisation being studied , bearing in mind that so far the exercise had been a systems-thinking one , rather than a study of what was happening in practice .

In other words , by careful examination of the database it was possible to assess and list the processes that could be supported by a computer system , and identify broadly the associated information .
in other words , by careful examination of the database it was possible to [evaluate] and list the processes that could be supported by a computer system , and identify broadly the associated information .

This analysis can be carried out manually by examining related complaints , grumbles etc and assessing the root cause of the expressed problems , or by utilising the facilities of a computer database to record , assess and regroup a series of minor points .
this analysis can be carried out manually by examining related complaints , grumbles etc and assessing the root cause of the expressed problems , or by utilising the facilities of a computer database to record , [evaluate] and regroup a series of minor points .

This chapter aims to assess the Working for patients White Paper in the light of the changing nature of the finance function .
this chapter aims to [evaluate] the working for patients white paper in the light of the changing nature of the finance function .

It will consider , first of all , the state of the finance function as it stood at the end of 1988 , and assess what changes had recently taken place , what were in progress and what further developments could logically have been anticipated .
it will consider , first of all , the state of the finance function as it stood at the end of 1988 , and [evaluate] what changes had recently taken place , what were in progress and what further developments could logically have been anticipated .

what monitoring systems should be put in place to assess whether more efficient health care provision has been secured as a result of the White Paper ?
what monitoring systems should be put in place to [evaluate] whether more efficient health care provision has been secured as a result of the white paper ?

Secondly , contract specifications ( and successful contracts ) should be scrutinised in order to assess how careful the purchaser has specified the requirements and whether there is any evidence that , through the contracting process , cost-effective medical technologies are being encouraged . For example , is day-case surgery specified where this would be appropriate , or is the choice of treatment technology left to the provider ?
secondly , contract specifications ( and successful contracts ) should be scrutinised in order to [evaluate] how careful the purchaser has specified the requirements and whether there is any evidence that , through the contracting process , cost-effective medical technologies are being encouraged . for example , is day-case surgery specified where this would be appropriate , or is the choice of treatment technology left to the provider ?

These practices are highly significant for attempts to assess the way in which trusts were interpreted .
these practices are highly significant for attempts to [evaluate] the way in which trusts were interpreted .

Unfortunately the evidence is very difficult to assess ; there is not much , and what there is can not always be relied on as unimpeachably classical .
unfortunately the evidence is very difficult to [evaluate] ; there is not much , and what there is can not always be relied on as unimpeachably classical .

In conjunction with suitably unsteady camerawork , the effect aimed to recreate the sensations of being in an earthquake ; but as the majority of the movie audience had never experienced a real earthquake , it was difficult to assess the fidelity of the reproduction .
in conjunction with suitably unsteady camerawork , the effect aimed to recreate the sensations of being in an earthquake ; but as the majority of the movie audience had never experienced a real earthquake , it was difficult to [evaluate] the fidelity of the reproduction .

Popular Natal Astrology assumes that you can assess a person 's strengths and weaknesses by charting the sky at his exact moment of birth .
popular natal astrology assumes that you can [evaluate] a person 's strengths and weaknesses by charting the sky at his exact moment of birth .

Palmistry , as practised in seaside booths and council-house sitting rooms , is the study of the human hand to assess the characteristics and future of its owner .
palmistry , as practised in seaside booths and council-house sitting rooms , is the study of the human hand to [evaluate] the characteristics and future of its owner .

Both the big store and the smaller , independent retailer will assess the stock carried and any national advertising programmes in the pipeline , before deciding what product to promote .
both the big store and the smaller , independent retailer will [evaluate] the stock carried and any national advertising programmes in the pipeline , before deciding what product to promote .

In order to assess the nature of the damage done to bone by transport , particularly in cave environments , two approaches have been adopted .
in order to [evaluate] the nature of the damage done to bone by transport , particularly in cave environments , two approaches have been adopted .

There is already an ever-increasing variety of suggestions and recommendations emerging as to how best to assess and record this whole process of transaction of subjects , topics and activities .
there is already an ever-increasing variety of suggestions and recommendations emerging as to how best to [evaluate] and record this whole process of transaction of subjects , topics and activities .

It has been clear from the beginning that there are problems here for teachers having to assess a whole range of attainment targets across the curriculum .
it has been clear from the beginning that there are problems here for teachers having to [evaluate] a whole range of attainment targets across the curriculum .

The overall aims of the experience would be specified , including : to give students the opportunity to work in a real production kitchen where the pace , the expectations and the allowed tolerances would be different from a college training kitchen ; to give students the chance to see and use specialist equipment unavailable at college ; to give the students the opportunity to assess their own personal skills , including the ability to cope on their own , away from home .
the overall aims of the experience would be specified , including : to give students the opportunity to work in a real production kitchen where the pace , the expectations and the allowed tolerances would be different from a college training kitchen ; to give students the chance to see and use specialist equipment unavailable at college ; to give the students the opportunity to [evaluate] their own personal skills , including the ability to cope on their own , away from home .

This is because , no chemical analytical technique presently available can assess the impact of a particular odorant or component of that odorant on an individual .
this is because , no chemical analytical technique presently available can [evaluate] the impact of a particular odorant or component of that odorant on an individual .

More difficult to assess is the toxic reaction of an odour , that is an effect ‘ which may influence survival or which produces unfavourable changes in the gross and microscopic appearance of organs or tissues or in the entire organism ’ .
more difficult to [evaluate] is the toxic reaction of an odour , that is an effect ‘ which may influence survival or which produces unfavourable changes in the gross and microscopic appearance of organs or tissues or in the entire organism ’ .

Different assessments — People assess the situation differently from the initiators of the change .
different assessments — people [evaluate] the situation differently from the initiators of the change .

Assess own needs
[evaluate] own needs

Assess own progress
[evaluate] own progress

At one level , of course , it is difficult to assess this claim since none of the supporters of reform ever made it .
at one level , of course , it is difficult to [evaluate] this claim since none of the supporters of reform ever made it .

In particular , it attempts to assess how rational decision-makers will act in certain situations : ‘ It takes the tools of economics and applies them to the material of politics .
in particular , it attempts to [evaluate] how rational decision-makers will act in certain situations : ‘ it takes the tools of economics and applies them to the material of politics .

How would you assess these changes in terms of the assumptions ?
how would you [evaluate] these changes in terms of the assumptions ?

During the debate of the previous two years , it seemed that LEAs would be asked to identify a number of measures to be applied to schools which would allow the wider public to assess the progress of a given school , year on year , and the differences between schools in the area .
during the debate of the previous two years , it seemed that leas would be asked to identify a number of measures to be applied to schools which would allow the wider public to [evaluate] the progress of a given school , year on year , and the differences between schools in the area .

It is difficult to assess the impact this has had , but there does not seem to have been a massive desertion of schools with poor examination results .
it is difficult to [evaluate] the impact this has had , but there does not seem to have been a massive desertion of schools with poor examination results .

These may seem trivial examples , but they go a long way towards helping teachers assess the success of different parts of the school in which they work and , ultimately , that of the whole institution .
these may seem trivial examples , but they go a long way towards helping teachers [evaluate] the success of different parts of the school in which they work and , ultimately , that of the whole institution .

The compiling of attendance figures is another objective measure taken seriously in many schools , in an attempt to assess both curricular and pastoral provision .
the compiling of attendance figures is another objective measure taken seriously in many schools , in an attempt to [evaluate] both curricular and pastoral provision .

you can not assess performance unless you are clear about what it is you are trying to do .
you can not [evaluate] performance unless you are clear about what it is you are trying to do .

‘ assess the extent to which the school 's aims have been furthered ’ takes second place to ‘ examine the success of the implementation of the plan ’ .
‘ [evaluate] the extent to which the school 's aims have been furthered ’ takes second place to ‘ examine the success of the implementation of the plan ’ .

It may often be difficult for the parties to assess whether the transaction they are contemplating is a concentration or cooperative in nature .
it may often be difficult for the parties to [evaluate] whether the transaction they are contemplating is a concentration or cooperative in nature .

Principally the visit had been to see a senior boy with lifelong problems who had suddenly become unmanageable and would have to be admitted to an asylum , but while there he had been asked to assess Anna Beckett , a child who had moved him strangely .
principally the visit had been to see a senior boy with lifelong problems who had suddenly become unmanageable and would have to be admitted to an asylum , but while there he had been asked to [evaluate] anna beckett , a child who had moved him strangely .

To do this he must first be able to assess the teeth by feeling them thoroughly and , to make this possible , Tom always uses a gag .
to do this he must first be able to [evaluate] the teeth by feeling them thoroughly and , to make this possible , tom always uses a gag .

It is vitally important that the line chosen is correct and straight so that the horse has a chance to assess each problem .
it is vitally important that the line chosen is correct and straight so that the horse has a chance to [evaluate] each problem .

Any organization , in the business of issuing credit cards or lending , employed them to assess the likelihood of applicants for cards being able and willing to keep their implied promise to pay later , and the level of risk that they would not — their credit-worthiness in other words .
any organization , in the business of issuing credit cards or lending , employed them to [evaluate] the likelihood of applicants for cards being able and willing to keep their implied promise to pay later , and the level of risk that they would not — their credit-worthiness in other words .

But hares were declining before paraquat was introduced , and the effects of agricultural chemicals on wildlife are notoriously difficult to assess .
but hares were declining before paraquat was introduced , and the effects of agricultural chemicals on wildlife are notoriously difficult to [evaluate] .

No doubt a research project to assess the increase of acidity by rain by heather ( Calluna vulgaris ) would also pick up the effect of accumulated dust .
no doubt a research project to [evaluate] the increase of acidity by rain by heather ( calluna vulgaris ) would also pick up the effect of accumulated dust .

Fluctuations in market prices of some produce also make it difficult to assess an economic threshold to time sprays .
fluctuations in market prices of some produce also make it difficult to [evaluate] an economic threshold to time sprays .

First , the report does not conclude as stated ‘ there is no reliable way to assess the status of the seal population ’ This statement is clearly at odds with the advised ranges of pup production and population size on page six of the report .
first , the report does not conclude as stated ‘ there is no reliable way to [evaluate] the status of the seal population ’ this statement is clearly at odds with the advised ranges of pup production and population size on page six of the report .

Some chinampas are still in operation and experimental models are being built in other parts of Mexico and elsewhere to assess the productivity of this method of agriculture in swamplands today .
some chinampas are still in operation and experimental models are being built in other parts of mexico and elsewhere to [evaluate] the productivity of this method of agriculture in swamplands today .

But it is possible to assess the ratio of elements in geological samples , which have been present since the formation of the Earth four thousand million years ago .
but it is possible to [evaluate] the ratio of elements in geological samples , which have been present since the formation of the earth four thousand million years ago .

’ By drawing a drop of the patient 's blood , it is possible to assess a host of conditions .
’ by drawing a drop of the patient 's blood , it is possible to [evaluate] a host of conditions .

Privately , dissatisfied participants questioned whether the organiser — a New York company that sells advertising space in journals , publishes minor journals and headhunts biotechnologists — was truly qualified to assess the scientific merit of the work to be presented .
privately , dissatisfied participants questioned whether the organiser — a new york company that sells advertising space in journals , publishes minor journals and headhunts biotechnologists — was truly qualified to [evaluate] the scientific merit of the work to be presented .

Thirdly , as regards the Science Policy Research Unit 's proposal to assess engineering research , no member of the unit has claimed that the project was turned down by the Social Science Research Council because of ‘ lobbying by outsiders ’ .
thirdly , as regards the science policy research unit 's proposal to [evaluate] engineering research , no member of the unit has claimed that the project was turned down by the social science research council because of ‘ lobbying by outsiders ’ .

The scientists warn that the lack of data on humans , the wide variety of potential genetic effects , coupled with the sheer number of genes involved ( 10 000 for each human sex cell ) make it impracticable to try and assess the impact of chemical mutagens beyond the most important mutations in the first six generations .
the scientists warn that the lack of data on humans , the wide variety of potential genetic effects , coupled with the sheer number of genes involved ( 10 000 for each human sex cell ) make it impracticable to try and [evaluate] the impact of chemical mutagens beyond the most important mutations in the first six generations .

This strategy implies that we should have no preconceived ideas about the research we should support and that we should concentrate on deriving the criteria against which we should assess proposals which , on the balance of probabilities might stand the best chance of success .
this strategy implies that we should have no preconceived ideas about the research we should support and that we should concentrate on deriving the criteria against which we should [evaluate] proposals which , on the balance of probabilities might stand the best chance of success .

Although there is scant evidence that this could happen , few people are collecting the necessary epidemiological data to assess scientifically the effect of these new materials on human health .
although there is scant evidence that this could happen , few people are collecting the necessary epidemiological data to [evaluate] scientifically the effect of these new materials on human health .

Let us consider some of the chief influences which determine the official curriculum schools follow and assess changes which have taken place and trends which may be emerging .
let us consider some of the chief influences which determine the official curriculum schools follow and [evaluate] changes which have taken place and trends which may be emerging .

The second task is to assess the effects , present and potential , of the examination style and content on the school , and to redesign examinations with these effects in mind .
the second task is to [evaluate] the effects , present and potential , of the examination style and content on the school , and to redesign examinations with these effects in mind .

Implementation policies are very difficult to assess .
implementation policies are very difficult to [evaluate] .

More often , however , we wish to assess teachers ' and pupils ' attitudes and understanding .
more often , however , we wish to [evaluate] teachers ' and pupils ' attitudes and understanding .

In terms of the features which are used to assess class most Shetlanders seem to recognise that they lag behind .
in terms of the features which are used to [evaluate] class most shetlanders seem to recognise that they lag behind .

Shetlanders seem to assess the good job in much the same way as incomers .
shetlanders seem to [evaluate] the good job in much the same way as incomers .

We would be able to do it more easily if we could not only accurately assess the reading performance of individual children but also the readability of particular texts .
we would be able to do it more easily if we could not only accurately [evaluate] the reading performance of individual children but also the readability of particular texts .

At least three groups need the pictures , and two of those groups are not young readers but are more articulate than them : the artists and those adults who will assess the pictures as critics , potential purchasers , or award panellists .
at least three groups need the pictures , and two of those groups are not young readers but are more articulate than them : the artists and those adults who will [evaluate] the pictures as critics , potential purchasers , or award panellists .

This movement away from children is made easier because the adults in publishing houses , criticism , and book-buying , have the critical apparatus and the criteria to assess illustrations as art objects .
this movement away from children is made easier because the adults in publishing houses , criticism , and book-buying , have the critical apparatus and the criteria to [evaluate] illustrations as art objects .

There has been some attempt to assess children 's preferences in terms of subject-matter , illustration style , reproduction processes , use of colour , and so on .
there has been some attempt to [evaluate] children 's preferences in terms of subject-matter , illustration style , reproduction processes , use of colour , and so on .

Reference to the work plan and timetable during the course of the project will also be necessary in order to assess progress and consider resource allocation .
reference to the work plan and timetable during the course of the project will also be necessary in order to [evaluate] progress and consider resource allocation .

The Commission is proposing a ‘ welcome audit ’ that will assess the friendliness of country venues , and a new database of countryside activities for libraries and tourist information centres .
the commission is proposing a ‘ welcome audit ’ that will [evaluate] the friendliness of country venues , and a new database of countryside activities for libraries and tourist information centres .

Further evidence of Volvo 's commitment to the environment is the CFC-free 850 and the use of life-cycle analysis to assess overall environmental impact .
further evidence of volvo 's commitment to the environment is the cfc-free 850 and the use of life-cycle analysis to [evaluate] overall environmental impact .

The impact of their input to this kind of organisation was hard to assess , he commented .
the impact of their input to this kind of organisation was hard to [evaluate] , he commented .

To help you assess your child 's reaction to the diet objectively , you should keep a score-sheet of symptoms for each day .
to help you [evaluate] your child 's reaction to the diet objectively , you should keep a score-sheet of symptoms for each day .

It may be that your child has chemical sensitivities — reading Chapter Nine should help you to assess this possibility .
it may be that your child has chemical sensitivities — reading chapter nine should help you to [evaluate] this possibility .

Investment audits or environmental impact assessment to assess the environmental impact of new projects .
investment audits or environmental impact assessment to [evaluate] the environmental impact of new projects .

The only way to decide is to assess the situation in each case in terms of the cat 's quality of life .
the only way to decide is to [evaluate] the situation in each case in terms of the cat 's quality of life .

In studying these movements attempts have been made to assess the comparative abundance of each species .
in studying these movements attempts have been made to [evaluate] the comparative abundance of each species .

Introduced populations now feral in southern England probably account for some Sussex records , making the status of truly wild birds very difficult to assess .
introduced populations now feral in southern england probably account for some sussex records , making the status of truly wild birds very difficult to [evaluate] .

Rather few comparative data are available from which to assess recent status changes , but these appear to have been marked .
rather few comparative data are available from which to [evaluate] recent status changes , but these appear to have been marked .

Although some decrease has certainly occurred in recent years , its extent is difficult to assess accurately .
although some decrease has certainly occurred in recent years , its extent is difficult to [evaluate] accurately .

In the Nightingale Ward , the sister could see the beds , patients and learners from one place and quickly assess the situation .
in the nightingale ward , the sister could see the beds , patients and learners from one place and quickly [evaluate] the situation .

The learner benefits from the extra supervision and teaching , and the tutor is able to assess the student 's progress in practical skills .
the learner benefits from the extra supervision and teaching , and the tutor is able to [evaluate] the student 's progress in practical skills .

The drawback of this system is that the clinical teacher works only briefly with each student and has little on which to assess progress .
the drawback of this system is that the clinical teacher works only briefly with each student and has little on which to [evaluate] progress .

The ideal end state is reached when the student can accurately assess her own performance , but this will only occur after periods of meeting externally set requirements .
the ideal end state is reached when the student can accurately [evaluate] her own performance , but this will only occur after periods of meeting externally set requirements .

Assess complexity of skill and decide whether to use part or whole method .
[evaluate] complexity of skill and decide whether to use part or whole method .

The programme would include the prerequisite knowledge for understanding the principles and concepts of the pathological process , the development of the abnormal body function and the skills required to nurse the patients and assess their short and long term needs .
the programme would include the prerequisite knowledge for understanding the principles and concepts of the pathological process , the development of the abnormal body function and the skills required to nurse the patients and [evaluate] their short and long term needs .

Good nursing hinges on the ability to assess , plan , provide and evaluate care for the patient in a given set of circumstances .
good nursing hinges on the ability to [evaluate] , plan , provide and evaluate care for the patient in a given set of circumstances .

Assess the facilities that are available .
[evaluate] the facilities that are available .

Next you will be asked to attend a selection seminar to assess your progress .
next you will be asked to attend a selection seminar to [evaluate] your progress .

And in order to assess the wind speed , we had to climb up a perpendicular outside iron staircase , which took us onto the flat roof of Flying Control .
and in order to [evaluate] the wind speed , we had to climb up a perpendicular outside iron staircase , which took us onto the flat roof of flying control .

Such applicants may be asked to take a test or take part in some other selection procedure to assess whether they are likely to be able to cope with the work expected of a university student .
such applicants may be asked to take a test or take part in some other selection procedure to [evaluate] whether they are likely to be able to cope with the work expected of a university student .

It is not possible to assess his total output as no serious work has been undertaken on him till now .
it is not possible to [evaluate] his total output as no serious work has been undertaken on him till now .

However , there is another and potentially more important role which some of the clearinghouses are competent to assume , and this is to assess and evaluate the information and material that passes through their hands .
however , there is another and potentially more important role which some of the clearinghouses are competent to assume , and this is to [evaluate] and evaluate the information and material that passes through their hands .

Apart from providing a sense of continuing support , a follow-up interview allows the therapist to assess the progress since the end of treatment , and offer praise and encouragement if appropriate .
apart from providing a sense of continuing support , a follow-up interview allows the therapist to [evaluate] the progress since the end of treatment , and offer praise and encouragement if appropriate .

Finally , it enables the therapist to assess the effectiveness of his own clinical skills and , hopefully , to improve them in future .
finally , it enables the therapist to [evaluate] the effectiveness of his own clinical skills and , hopefully , to improve them in future .

She wanted to do this on her own and the therapist suggested that the first session took place 2 days later to assess her progress .
she wanted to do this on her own and the therapist suggested that the first session took place 2 days later to [evaluate] her progress .

They agreed to meet for three or four sessions , after which a session would be held with her parents in order to assess progress and to help Pamela further improve her communication with them .
they agreed to meet for three or four sessions , after which a session would be held with her parents in order to [evaluate] progress and to help pamela further improve her communication with them .

Who should assess suicide attempters ?
who should [evaluate] suicide attempters ?

Newson-Smith and Hirsch concluded that social workers could safely and reliably assess attempted suicide patients .
newson-smith and hirsch concluded that social workers could safely and reliably [evaluate] attempted suicide patients .

The study did not show any major differences between doctors and nurses , indicating that nurses who are specifically trained to assess attempted suicide patients and who work in a team where there is a psychiatrist available for consultation and supervision can be given responsibility for the initial assessment of these patients .
the study did not show any major differences between doctors and nurses , indicating that nurses who are specifically trained to [evaluate] attempted suicide patients and who work in a team where there is a psychiatrist available for consultation and supervision can be given responsibility for the initial assessment of these patients .

‘ You help assess a client when they first come to the Home .
‘ you help [evaluate] a client when they first come to the home .

It is very difficult to assess accurately the costs of corporate crime .
it is very difficult to [evaluate] accurately the costs of corporate crime .

To assess whether this is an accurate picture it is necessary to address the question as to whether crime itself is predominantly working-class .
to [evaluate] whether this is an accurate picture it is necessary to address the question as to whether crime itself is predominantly working-class .

The exporter would have to assess the interest differential between borrowing in dollars and investing the spot sale proceeds in DMs , against the cost of a forward contract .
the exporter would have to [evaluate] the interest differential between borrowing in dollars and investing the spot sale proceeds in dms , against the cost of a forward contract .

Again , these can be used to assess potential export demand or continuity of import supplies .
again , these can be used to [evaluate] potential export demand or continuity of import supplies .

Such reports might also be used by customers to assess the financial viability of establishing a presence abroad through a foreign subsidiary or joint venture .
such reports might also be used by customers to [evaluate] the financial viability of establishing a presence abroad through a foreign subsidiary or joint venture .

Some countries conduct all foreign trade through state corporations which assess needs according to their current economic development programmes .
some countries conduct all foreign trade through state corporations which [evaluate] needs according to their current economic development programmes .

Irrespective of whether the loan proposal is made by a government , state enterprise or private corporation , an appraisal of the economic and political situation of the borrower 's country must be made to assess the risk involved .
irrespective of whether the loan proposal is made by a government , state enterprise or private corporation , an appraisal of the economic and political situation of the borrower 's country must be made to [evaluate] the risk involved .

Real economic growth rates can be used to assess the expansion in a country 's output of goods and services .
real economic growth rates can be used to [evaluate] the expansion in a country 's output of goods and services .

With the aid of these economic , political and social indicators banks endeavour to assess country risk .
with the aid of these economic , political and social indicators banks endeavour to [evaluate] country risk .

It must assess the viability of the loan proposal programme or project .
it must [evaluate] the viability of the loan proposal programme or project .

The general terms , financial data and proposed loan conditions are provided to enable potential lenders to assess and indicate a willingness to participate in the loan proposal .
the general terms , financial data and proposed loan conditions are provided to enable potential lenders to [evaluate] and indicate a willingness to participate in the loan proposal .

To assess the impact on education , we turn to some specific cases .
to [evaluate] the impact on education , we turn to some specific cases .

However , although it is too soon to assess the overall pedagogical value and cost effectiveness of the secondary programme , some difficulties have emerged .
however , although it is too soon to [evaluate] the overall pedagogical value and cost effectiveness of the secondary programme , some difficulties have emerged .

Finally , how did companies assess the incentives on offer within enterprise zones ?
finally , how did companies [evaluate] the incentives on offer within enterprise zones ?

Confirmatory techniques exist to assess how likely a difference of proportions of a given magnitude is to arise in sample data when it has been drawn from a population in which no such difference exists .
confirmatory techniques exist to [evaluate] how likely a difference of proportions of a given magnitude is to arise in sample data when it has been drawn from a population in which no such difference exists .

If , for instance , we wish to model the dispersal of a plume of toxic gas resulting from a chemical explosion , assess its possible impact on human health and evaluate likely evacuation scenarios of the population at risk we would require , for example , a knowledge of atmospheric dispersion models , epidemiology and population distribution .
if , for instance , we wish to model the dispersal of a plume of toxic gas resulting from a chemical explosion , [evaluate] its possible impact on human health and evaluate likely evacuation scenarios of the population at risk we would require , for example , a knowledge of atmospheric dispersion models , epidemiology and population distribution .

Once hazards have been identified there may follow efforts to assess the hazard risk .
once hazards have been identified there may follow efforts to [evaluate] the hazard risk .

If an association is suggested then we would want to collect data in other areas to assess the hypothesis further .
if an association is suggested then we would want to collect data in other areas to [evaluate] the hypothesis further .

Viscount Eversley , who as Charles Shaw-Lefevre had just retired as Speaker , like the Duke of Buccleuch , appears to have had few qualifications to enable him to assess the competition and in the end , like the Duke , was not involved in the final outcome .
viscount eversley , who as charles shaw-lefevre had just retired as speaker , like the duke of buccleuch , appears to have had few qualifications to enable him to [evaluate] the competition and in the end , like the duke , was not involved in the final outcome .

Because they go into homes , health visitors have a unique opportunity to assess levels of safety and to offer appropriate guidance and help to parents .
because they go into homes , health visitors have a unique opportunity to [evaluate] levels of safety and to offer appropriate guidance and help to parents .

Then they assess the problems .
then they [evaluate] the problems .

Children become better at taking the perspective of their partner , especially a partner who adjusts his or her communication to the child ’ s level and observes the child closely to assess his or her comprehension .
children become better at taking the perspective of their partner , especially a partner who adjusts his or her communication to the child ’ s level and observes the child closely to [evaluate] his or her comprehension .

The final component of a demand distribution , random fluctuation , is perhaps the most critical ; it is also the most difficult to assess and incorporate into inventory planning .
the final component of a demand distribution , random fluctuation , is perhaps the most critical ; it is also the most difficult to [evaluate] and incorporate into inventory planning .

The first indicated how managers must assess a product line according to the variance in demand for particular SKUs in setting inventory policies .
the first indicated how managers must [evaluate] a product line according to the variance in demand for particular skus in setting inventory policies .

This may be because the appearance of a building was easier to assess ( especially at a distance ) than either its functional performance or material durability .
this may be because the appearance of a building was easier to [evaluate] ( especially at a distance ) than either its functional performance or material durability .

Furthermore , as Justice Harlan pointed out , the Court had read the new rights established by the Reconstruction Amendments as though they were just like other restrictions imposed on state governments , for example , the prohibitions against the states enacting bills of attainder , impairing the obligations of contract , or granting titles of nobility.40 Therefore , the Court could engage in close analysis of the specific prohibition against state authority and assess whether it was really the “ state ” that was responsible for the wrong committed against those who were shut out of facilities supposedly open to the public .
furthermore , as justice harlan pointed out , the court had read the new rights established by the reconstruction amendments as though they were just like other restrictions imposed on state governments , for example , the prohibitions against the states enacting bills of attainder , impairing the obligations of contract , or granting titles of nobility.40 therefore , the court could engage in close analysis of the specific prohibition against state authority and [evaluate] whether it was really the “ state ” that was responsible for the wrong committed against those who were shut out of facilities supposedly open to the public .

He peeps from behind the screen to assess the age and sophistication of his audience and varies the play accordingly .
he peeps from behind the screen to [evaluate] the age and sophistication of his audience and varies the play accordingly .

Once you assess your own capabilities and make your choice , the options are almost limitless .
once you [evaluate] your own capabilities and make your choice , the options are almost limitless .

It ’ s fascinating to watch the action ( or lack of it ) as miniature trains carry the flowers through the auction hall for the buyers to assess .
it ’ s fascinating to watch the action ( or lack of it ) as miniature trains carry the flowers through the auction hall for the buyers to [evaluate] .

The report will recommend a pilot project of up to two years ' duration to assess the effects of substituting public service for the multi-state law segment of the current bar exam .
the report will recommend a pilot project of up to two years ' duration to [evaluate] the effects of substituting public service for the multi-state law segment of the current bar exam .

Therefore , studies are needed to assess the nominal costs of implementation and any cost offsets that occur .
therefore , studies are needed to [evaluate] the nominal costs of implementation and any cost offsets that occur .

Study outcomes should be multi-dimensional and assess a broad array of outcomes because the true stakeholders are society at large .
study outcomes should be multi-dimensional and [evaluate] a broad array of outcomes because the true stakeholders are society at large .

Although claims data provide the most accurate information about health care use , ensuring adequate follow-up for purposes of obtaining information from patient self-report is important because many people do not report alcohol-related events to insurance compa-nies.40 In order to interest other stakeholders , such as policymakers and health care providers , additional databases should be used to assess other outcomes : for example , motor vehicle records to detect crashes ; police records to assess criminal activities ; and state vital statistics registries , the Social Security Death Index , and the Fatal Accident Reporting System ( FARS ) to detect mortality .
although claims data provide the most accurate information about health care use , ensuring adequate follow-up for purposes of obtaining information from patient self-report is important because many people do not report alcohol-related events to insurance compa-nies.40 in order to interest other stakeholders , such as policymakers and health care providers , additional databases should be used to [evaluate] other outcomes : for example , motor vehicle records to detect crashes ; police records to [evaluate] criminal activities ; and state vital statistics registries , the social security death index , and the fatal accident reporting system ( fars ) to detect mortality .

Elinor Walker commented that something about an intervention must be standardized in order to assess its cost-effectiveness .
elinor walker commented that something about an intervention must be standardized in order to [evaluate] its cost-effectiveness .

In addition to the transition plans , Congress should consider requiring DHS to submit regular progress reports on implementation from the department and should also conduct periodic oversight hearings to assess progress and performance .
in addition to the transition plans , congress should consider requiring dhs to submit regular progress reports on implementation from the department and should also conduct periodic oversight hearings to [evaluate] progress and performance .

He stated that he encouraged his subordinates to assess their leadership skills .
he stated that he encouraged his subordinates to [evaluate] their leadership skills .

We also did not attempt to assess the prevalence of the examples we cite among the senior executives within the same agency .
we also did not attempt to [evaluate] the prevalence of the examples we cite among the senior executives within the same agency .

The New York Stock Exchange is moving to adopt certain changes in its listing requirements relating to governance matters ; boards and audit committees are taking their related responsibilities much more seriously ; the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) is exploring a principles-based approach to accounting standards and is reconsidering the current accounting and reporting treatment for SPEs and stock options ; the AICPA has issued a new fraud detection audit standard and is beginning to assess the need for other enhanced attest and assurance standards but it clearly needs to pick up the pace ; the U.S. Congress has passed the Sarbanes-Oxley legislation which included establishment of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board ( PCAOB ) , tougher independence standards for auditors of public companies , and independent funding sources for the PCAOB and the FASB ; the SEC has taken a number of regulatory and enforcement actions and made initial appointments to the PCAOB ; various U.S .
the new york stock exchange is moving to adopt certain changes in its listing requirements relating to governance matters ; boards and audit committees are taking their related responsibilities much more seriously ; the financial accounting standards board ( fasb ) is exploring a principles-based approach to accounting standards and is reconsidering the current accounting and reporting treatment for spes and stock options ; the aicpa has issued a new fraud detection audit standard and is beginning to [evaluate] the need for other enhanced attest and assurance standards but it clearly needs to pick up the pace ; the u.s. congress has passed the sarbanes-oxley legislation which included establishment of the public company accounting oversight board ( pcaob ) , tougher independence standards for auditors of public companies , and independent funding sources for the pcaob and the fasb ; the sec has taken a number of regulatory and enforcement actions and made initial appointments to the pcaob ; various u.s .

Implemented together , these measures provide a basis for improving accountability over government operations and routinely producing sound cost and operating performance information , thereby making it possible to better assess and improve the government 's financial condition and operating performance .
implemented together , these measures provide a basis for improving accountability over government operations and routinely producing sound cost and operating performance information , thereby making it possible to better [evaluate] and improve the government 's financial condition and operating performance .

Using a threestep development planning process , managers assess their current capabilities , determine their specific development needs , and build and execute a development plan .
using a threestep development planning process , managers [evaluate] their current capabilities , determine their specific development needs , and build and execute a development plan .

Many leading finance organizations assess their current role in supporting mission objectives by comparing the percentage of staff time spent on strategic support activities , such as business performance analysis or cost analysis , with the percentage of resources spent on transaction processing and other routine accounting activities .
many leading finance organizations [evaluate] their current role in supporting mission objectives by comparing the percentage of staff time spent on strategic support activities , such as business performance analysis or cost analysis , with the percentage of resources spent on transaction processing and other routine accounting activities .

To further assess the efficiency and effectiveness of specific products and services , many of the leading finance organizations we studied relied on benchmarking6 and customer feedback .
to further [evaluate] the efficiency and effectiveness of specific products and services , many of the leading finance organizations we studied relied on benchmarking6 and customer feedback .

Strategies to Consider To assess the finance organization 's current role in meeting mission objectives , agency CFOs and senior finance executives could :
strategies to consider to [evaluate] the finance organization 's current role in meeting mission objectives , agency cfos and senior finance executives could :

The resulting competency profile is used to assess gaps in individual or group competency levels and develop human capital strategies to address current or expected future deficiencies .
the resulting competency profile is used to [evaluate] gaps in individual or group competency levels and develop human capital strategies to address current or expected future deficiencies .

Assess Your Role as a Financial Executive . ''
[evaluate] your role as a financial executive . ''

Strategies to Consider-Risk Assessment To assess risk by determining the nature and extent of improper payments , the following strategies should be considered :
strategies to consider-risk assessment to [evaluate] risk by determining the nature and extent of improper payments , the following strategies should be considered :

For example , VBA teams shared performance information at weekly meetings , information that helped the teams assess their progress in meeting performance goals .
for example , vba teams shared performance information at weekly meetings , information that helped the teams [evaluate] their progress in meeting performance goals .

This is because agency managers are in the best position to assess the risks associated with their programs and to develop and implement appropriate policies and controls to mitigate these risks .
this is because agency managers are in the best position to [evaluate] the risks associated with their programs and to develop and implement appropriate policies and controls to mitigate these risks .

These laws emphasize involving senior executives in information management decisions , appointing senior-level chief information officers , and using performance measures to assess the contribution of technology in achieving mission results .
these laws emphasize involving senior executives in information management decisions , appointing senior-level chief information officers , and using performance measures to [evaluate] the contribution of technology in achieving mission results .

Risk Management Principles Implemented by Leading Organizations Assess risk and determine needs Establish a central management focal point Implement appropriate policies and related controls Promote awareness Monitor and evaluate policy and control effectiveness An important factor in effectively implementing these principles was linking them in a cycle of activity that helped ensure that information security policies addressed current risks on an ongoing basis .
risk management principles implemented by leading organizations [evaluate] risk and determine needs establish a central management focal point implement appropriate policies and related controls promote awareness monitor and evaluate policy and control effectiveness an important factor in effectively implementing these principles was linking them in a cycle of activity that helped ensure that information security policies addressed current risks on an ongoing basis .

In this regard , agencies must continually ( 1 ) explore and assess information security risks to business operations , ( 2 ) determine what policies , standards , and controls are worth implementing to reduce these risks , ( 3 ) promote awareness and understanding among program managers , computer users , and systems development staff , and ( 4 ) assess compliance and control effectiveness .
in this regard , agencies must continually ( 1 ) explore and [evaluate] information security risks to business operations , ( 2 ) determine what policies , standards , and controls are worth implementing to reduce these risks , ( 3 ) promote awareness and understanding among program managers , computer users , and systems development staff , and ( 4 ) [evaluate] compliance and control effectiveness .

In the private sector , the principal objective of reporting on financial position is to assess the viability of the entity , the business firm , and its potential profitability .
in the private sector , the principal objective of reporting on financial position is to [evaluate] the viability of the entity , the business firm , and its potential profitability .

It also might consist of such quantitative measures as bibliometrics ( for example , publication counts , citation counts and analysis , and peer evaluation ) ; patent counts and analysis ; and science `` indicators '' that assess the ongoing vitality of the research ( for example , statistics on scientific and engineering personnel , graduate students and degree recipients by field and sector ) .39 36See Managerial Cost Accounting Concepts and Standards , SFFAS No .
it also might consist of such quantitative measures as bibliometrics ( for example , publication counts , citation counts and analysis , and peer evaluation ) ; patent counts and analysis ; and science `` indicators '' that [evaluate] the ongoing vitality of the research ( for example , statistics on scientific and engineering personnel , graduate students and degree recipients by field and sector ) .39 36see managerial cost accounting concepts and standards , sffas no .

This system is used by the Congress and the Executive Branch to set priorities , to allocate resources among alternative uses , to finance these resources , and to assess the economic implications of federal financial activity at an aggregate level .
this system is used by the congress and the executive branch to set priorities , to allocate resources among alternative uses , to finance these resources , and to [evaluate] the economic implications of federal financial activity at an aggregate level .

Organizations must ( 1 ) involve their stakeholders ; ( 2 ) assess their internal and external environments ; and ( 3 ) align their activities , core processes , and resources to support mission-related outcomes .
organizations must ( 1 ) involve their stakeholders ; ( 2 ) [evaluate] their internal and external environments ; and ( 3 ) align their activities , core processes , and resources to support mission-related outcomes .

Practice 2 : Assess the Environment grounded in science and factual analysis , they should be based , as well , on the needs and expectations of the nation 's citizens .
practice 2 : [evaluate] the environment grounded in science and factual analysis , they should be based , as well , on the needs and expectations of the nation 's citizens .

Those vital few measures should cover the key performance dimensions that will enable an organization to assess accomplishments , make decisions , realign processes , and assign accountability .
those vital few measures should cover the key performance dimensions that will enable an organization to [evaluate] accomplishments , make decisions , realign processes , and assign accountability .

Managers should use performance information to continuously improve organizational processes , identify performance gaps , and set improvement goals.18 When the CFO Act and GPRA are fully implemented , decisionmakers are to routinely receive the performance and cost information they need to assess their programs and make informed decisions .
managers should use performance information to continuously improve organizational processes , identify performance gaps , and set improvement goals.18 when the cfo act and gpra are fully implemented , decisionmakers are to routinely receive the performance and cost information they need to [evaluate] their programs and make informed decisions .

Federal agencies must determine what information is both relevant and essential to different internal and external information users and include only the information the users require.19 Most important , agency managers need performance information to ensure that programs meet intended goals , assess the efficiency of processes , and promote continuous improvement .
federal agencies must determine what information is both relevant and essential to different internal and external information users and include only the information the users require.19 most important , agency managers need performance information to ensure that programs meet intended goals , [evaluate] the efficiency of processes , and promote continuous improvement .

The leading organizations we studied recognized that improvement goals should flow from a fact-based performance analysis and be rooted in organizational missions.21 Such organizations typically assess which of their processes are in greatest need of improvement in terms of cost , quality , and timeliness .
the leading organizations we studied recognized that improvement goals should flow from a fact-based performance analysis and be rooted in organizational missions.21 such organizations typically [evaluate] which of their processes are in greatest need of improvement in terms of cost , quality , and timeliness .

Traditionally , however , the agency has lacked the sort of data needed to assess the quality , cost , and effectiveness of its care .
traditionally , however , the agency has lacked the sort of data needed to [evaluate] the quality , cost , and effectiveness of its care .

This information must be presented in a way that is useful to the many audiences who rely on it to help them assess and manage federal programs.23 Viewing program performance in light of program costs-for instance , by establishing the unit cost per output or outcome achieved-can be important on at least two levels .
this information must be presented in a way that is useful to the many audiences who rely on it to help them [evaluate] and manage federal programs.23 viewing program performance in light of program costs-for instance , by establishing the unit cost per output or outcome achieved-can be important on at least two levels .

We identified some individual features that when viewed as a whole , appear to have the potential for enhancing the general usefulness of future performance reports in providing decisionmakers and the public with the information needed to assess progress.24 These features would also be appropriate for GMRA accountability reports .
we identified some individual features that when viewed as a whole , appear to have the potential for enhancing the general usefulness of future performance reports in providing decisionmakers and the public with the information needed to [evaluate] progress.24 these features would also be appropriate for gmra accountability reports .

In addition , other management improvement efforts , such as implementation of the CFO Act , and FMFIA [ Federal Managers ' Financial Integrity Act ] , customer service initiatives , reengineering , and Total Quality Management , etc. , should be incorporated into the GPRA framework to capitalize on the synergy and availability of key information and to improve responsiveness to customers and other stakeholders.32 Another management reform initiative that provides a legislative basis for measuring performance is the Information Technology Management Reform Act of 1996 , which requires each federal agency to ensure that performance measures are prescribed for information technology that it will use or acquire and that the performance measures assess how well the information technology supports agency programs .
in addition , other management improvement efforts , such as implementation of the cfo act , and fmfia [ federal managers ' financial integrity act ] , customer service initiatives , reengineering , and total quality management , etc. , should be incorporated into the gpra framework to capitalize on the synergy and availability of key information and to improve responsiveness to customers and other stakeholders.32 another management reform initiative that provides a legislative basis for measuring performance is the information technology management reform act of 1996 , which requires each federal agency to ensure that performance measures are prescribed for information technology that it will use or acquire and that the performance measures [evaluate] how well the information technology supports agency programs .

In essence , this plan is to contain the annual performance goals the agency will use to gauge its progress toward accomplishing its strategic goals and identify the performance measures the agency will use to assess its progress .
in essence , this plan is to contain the annual performance goals the agency will use to gauge its progress toward accomplishing its strategic goals and identify the performance measures the agency will use to [evaluate] its progress .

For all types of evidence , various tests are used-sufficiency , competence , and relevance-to assess whether the evidence standard is met .
for all types of evidence , various tests are used-sufficiency , competence , and relevance-to [evaluate] whether the evidence standard is met .

It begins with the steps in a preliminary assessment , which , in many cases , may be all you need to do to assess reliability .
it begins with the steps in a preliminary assessment , which , in many cases , may be all you need to do to [evaluate] reliability .

The engagement type and planned use of the data help to determine when you should assess data reliability .
the engagement type and planned use of the data help to determine when you should [evaluate] data reliability .

Conditions Requiring a Data Reliability Assessment You should assess reliability if the data to be analyzed are intended to support the engagement findings , conclusions , or recommendations .
conditions requiring a data reliability assessment you should [evaluate] reliability if the data to be analyzed are intended to support the engagement findings , conclusions , or recommendations .

In the audit plan for the engagement , you should include a brief discussion of how you plan to assess data reliability , as well as any limitations that may exist due to shortcomings in the data .
in the audit plan for the engagement , you should include a brief discussion of how you plan to [evaluate] data reliability , as well as any limitations that may exist due to shortcomings in the data .

Conditions Not Requiring a Data Reliability Assessment You do not need to assess reliability if the data are used ( 1 ) only as background information or ( 2 ) in documents without findings , conclusions , or recommendations .
conditions not requiring a data reliability assessment you do not need to [evaluate] reliability if the data are used ( 1 ) only as background information or ( 2 ) in documents without findings , conclusions , or recommendations .

The audit plan should reflect data reliability issues and any additional steps that still need to be performed to assess the reliability of critical data .
the audit plan should reflect data reliability issues and any additional steps that still need to be performed to [evaluate] the reliability of critical data .

When to Assess Data as Sufficiently Reliable for Engagement Purposes You can assess the data as sufficiently reliable for engagement purposes when you conclude the following : Both the review of related information and the initial testing provide assurance that ( 1 ) the likelihood of significant errors or incompleteness is minimal and ( 2 ) the use of the data would not lead to an incorrect or unintentional message .
when to [evaluate] data as sufficiently reliable for engagement purposes you can [evaluate] the data as sufficiently reliable for engagement purposes when you conclude the following : both the review of related information and the initial testing provide assurance that ( 1 ) the likelihood of significant errors or incompleteness is minimal and ( 2 ) the use of the data would not lead to an incorrect or unintentional message .

When to Assess Data as Not Sufficiently Reliable for Engagement Purposes You can assess the data as not sufficiently reliable for engagement purposes when you conclude the following : The review of related information or initial testing indicates that ( 1 ) significant errors or incompleteness exist in some or all of the key data elements and ( 2 ) using the data would probably lead to an incorrect or unintentional message .
when to [evaluate] data as not sufficiently reliable for engagement purposes you can [evaluate] the data as not sufficiently reliable for engagement purposes when you conclude the following : the review of related information or initial testing indicates that ( 1 ) significant errors or incompleteness exist in some or all of the key data elements and ( 2 ) using the data would probably lead to an incorrect or unintentional message .

When to Assess Data as of Undetermined Reliability and Consider Additional Work You should coordinate with the requester if seeking evidence from other sources does not result in a source of sufficiently reliable data .
when to [evaluate] data as of undetermined reliability and consider additional work you should coordinate with the requester if seeking evidence from other sources does not result in a source of sufficiently reliable data .

You can assess the data as of undetermined reliability when you conclude one of the following :
you can [evaluate] the data as of undetermined reliability when you conclude one of the following :

Therefore , you are conforming to GAGAS as long as , in reporting , you discuss what you did to assess the data ; disclose any data concerns ; and reach a judgment about the reliability of the data for use in the report .
therefore , you are conforming to gagas as long as , in reporting , you discuss what you did to [evaluate] the data ; disclose any data concerns ; and reach a judgment about the reliability of the data for use in the report .

In that respect , a broader performance and accountability reporting model is needed and should include not just financial statements but also performance and other information necessary to better assess institutional value and risk .
in that respect , a broader performance and accountability reporting model is needed and should include not just financial statements but also performance and other information necessary to better [evaluate] institutional value and risk .

The board has a responsibility to enhance shareholder value , assess and monitor risk , and ensure management accountability .
the board has a responsibility to enhance shareholder value , [evaluate] and monitor risk , and ensure management accountability .

This will better allow the board to raise difficult questions and probe issues to provide input on strategy , assess and manage risk , and hold management accountable for its actions .
this will better allow the board to raise difficult questions and probe issues to provide input on strategy , [evaluate] and manage risk , and hold management accountable for its actions .

The Federal Managers ' Financial Integrity Act of 1982 requires agency management to annually assess and report on the adequacy of internal control .
the federal managers ' financial integrity act of 1982 requires agency management to annually [evaluate] and report on the adequacy of internal control .

They are conducted for the system , subsystems , and components to assess design maturity and technical risk .
they are conducted for the system , subsystems , and components to [evaluate] design maturity and technical risk .

Page 41 GAO-02-701 Best Practices Executive Level Reviews Are Conducted to Begin Production high and the goal can not be achieved on time , decision makers assess trade-offs between new and existing components to reduce the risks to a more manageable level .
page 41 gao-02-701 best practices executive level reviews are conducted to begin production high and the goal can not be achieved on time , decision makers [evaluate] trade-offs between new and existing components to reduce the risks to a more manageable level .

The program stated that it would assess the processes status as the program moves forward .
the program stated that it would [evaluate] the processes status as the program moves forward .

For these reasons , commercial companies have strong incentives to capture product knowledge early in the process to assess the chances of making the business case and the need for further investments .
for these reasons , commercial companies have strong incentives to capture product knowledge early in the process to [evaluate] the chances of making the business case and the need for further investments .

The review should also include contacts with various levels of the reviewed organization 's professional staff to assess their understanding of and compliance with relevant quality control policies and procedures .
the review should also include contacts with various levels of the reviewed organization 's professional staff to [evaluate] their understanding of and compliance with relevant quality control policies and procedures .

Understanding the Program 7.10 Auditors should obtain an understanding of the program to be audited to help assess , among other matters , the significance of possible audit objectives and the feasibility of achieving them .
understanding the program 7.10 auditors should obtain an understanding of the program to be audited to help [evaluate] , among other matters , the significance of possible audit objectives and the feasibility of achieving them .

Understanding these controls can help auditors ( 1 ) assess the risk that the data gathered by the entity may not be valid or reliable and ( 2 ) design appropriate tests of the data .
understanding these controls can help auditors ( 1 ) [evaluate] the risk that the data gathered by the entity may not be valid or reliable and ( 2 ) design appropriate tests of the data .

GAO-02-340G Government Auditing Standards Exposure Draft 93 Understanding the controls relevant to compliance with those laws and regulations that the auditors have determined are significant can help auditors assess the risk of illegal acts .
gao-02-340g government auditing standards exposure draft 93 understanding the controls relevant to compliance with those laws and regulations that the auditors have determined are significant can help auditors [evaluate] the risk of illegal acts .

GAO-02-340G Government Auditing Standards Exposure Draft 96 7.20 In planning tests of compliance with significant laws , regulations , and other compliance requirements , auditors should assess the risk that noncompliance could occur .
gao-02-340g government auditing standards exposure draft 96 7.20 in planning tests of compliance with significant laws , regulations , and other compliance requirements , auditors should [evaluate] the risk that noncompliance could occur .

This is because agency managers are in the best position to assess the risks associated with their programs and to develop and implement appropriate policies and controls to mitigate these risks .
this is because agency managers are in the best position to [evaluate] the risks associated with their programs and to develop and implement appropriate policies and controls to mitigate these risks .

These laws emphasize involving senior executives in information management decisions , appointing senior-level chief information officers , and using performance measures to assess the contribution of technology in achieving mission results .
these laws emphasize involving senior executives in information management decisions , appointing senior-level chief information officers , and using performance measures to [evaluate] the contribution of technology in achieving mission results .

Risk Management Principles Implemented by Leading Organizations Assess risk and determine needs Establish a central management focal point Implement appropriate policies and related controls Promote awareness Monitor and evaluate policy and control effectiveness An important factor in effectively implementing these principles was linking them in a cycle of activity that helped ensure that information security policies addressed current risks on an ongoing basis .
risk management principles implemented by leading organizations [evaluate] risk and determine needs establish a central management focal point implement appropriate policies and related controls promote awareness monitor and evaluate policy and control effectiveness an important factor in effectively implementing these principles was linking them in a cycle of activity that helped ensure that information security policies addressed current risks on an ongoing basis .

In this regard , agencies must continually ( 1 ) explore and assess information security risks to business operations , ( 2 ) determine what policies , standards , and controls are worth implementing to reduce these risks , ( 3 ) promote awareness and understanding among program managers , computer users , and systems development staff , and ( 4 ) assess compliance and control effectiveness .
in this regard , agencies must continually ( 1 ) explore and [evaluate] information security risks to business operations , ( 2 ) determine what policies , standards , and controls are worth implementing to reduce these risks , ( 3 ) promote awareness and understanding among program managers , computer users , and systems development staff , and ( 4 ) [evaluate] compliance and control effectiveness .

We have begun efforts to strengthen and redesign our performance appraisal system to better assess employee strengths and weaknesses , identify training needs , reward and recognize exceptional performance , and improve performance at all levels .
we have begun efforts to strengthen and redesign our performance appraisal system to better [evaluate] employee strengths and weaknesses , identify training needs , reward and recognize exceptional performance , and improve performance at all levels .

In selecting and/or developing , and implementing a particular electronic signature technology for an automated T & A application , management must assess the risks associated with the loss , misuse , or compromise of the electronic T & A information and signatures compared to the benefits , costs , and effort associated with selecting and/or developing and managing the automated systems and electronic signatures.10 See the appendix for a further explanation about electronic signatures and GAO 's review of such applications .
in selecting and/or developing , and implementing a particular electronic signature technology for an automated t & a application , management must [evaluate] the risks associated with the loss , misuse , or compromise of the electronic t & a information and signatures compared to the benefits , costs , and effort associated with selecting and/or developing and managing the automated systems and electronic signatures.10 see the appendix for a further explanation about electronic signatures and gao 's review of such applications .

As I noted before , OPM and OMB also have developed tools that are being used to assess human capital management efforts .
as i noted before , opm and omb also have developed tools that are being used to [evaluate] human capital management efforts .

As programs change and as agencies strive to improve operational processes and implement new technological developments , management must continually assess and evaluate its internal control to assure that the control activities being used are effective and updated when necessary .
as programs change and as agencies strive to improve operational processes and implement new technological developments , management must continually [evaluate] and evaluate its internal control to assure that the control activities being used are effective and updated when necessary .

Measure results achieved by design review processes in order to assess their level of performance .
measure results achieved by design review processes in order to [evaluate] their level of performance .

The audit steps in this section should be used to assess the potential risks posed by the lack of management or user support .
the audit steps in this section should be used to [evaluate] the potential risks posed by the lack of management or user support .

Audit Objectives After identifying its requirements , the agency should assess alternatives for cost-effectively meeting those requirements .
audit objectives after identifying its requirements , the agency should [evaluate] alternatives for cost-effectively meeting those requirements .

Auditors should assess the extent to which the agency 's acquisition planning is realistic and comprehensive .
auditors should [evaluate] the extent to which the agency 's acquisition planning is realistic and comprehensive .

Assess the reasonableness of the schedule through discussions with procurement officials and reviews of project progress .
[evaluate] the reasonableness of the schedule through discussions with procurement officials and reviews of project progress .

Assess changes to the agency requirements toensure that the contract continues to reflect valid user needs .
[evaluate] changes to the agency requirements toensure that the contract continues to reflect valid user needs .

Assess changes to the agency 's cost and scheduleestimates .
[evaluate] changes to the agency 's cost and scheduleestimates .

Test plans provide testing procedures and the evaluation criteria to assess results of the testing .
test plans provide testing procedures and the evaluation criteria to [evaluate] results of the testing .

The metrics described here will generally be used after contract award , in order to assess how well the agency is managing the system development process .
the metrics described here will generally be used after contract award , in order to [evaluate] how well the agency is managing the system development process .

They may be used before a solicitation for software development is Page 68 GAO/IMTEC-8.1.4 Assessing Acquisition Risks issued in order to assess the reasonableness of the agency 's schedule ( if a system design has been prepared ) , or after a contract has been awarded and software development has begun .
they may be used before a solicitation for software development is page 68 gao/imtec-8.1.4 assessing acquisition risks issued in order to [evaluate] the reasonableness of the agency 's schedule ( if a system design has been prepared ) , or after a contract has been awarded and software development has begun .

These models can help the auditor assess whether the acquisition 's estimated cost and schedule are reasonable .
these models can help the auditor [evaluate] whether the acquisition 's estimated cost and schedule are reasonable .

Other Indicators assess how effectively an agency is managing a system development contract .
other indicators [evaluate] how effectively an agency is managing a system development contract .

It also gives guidance to the manager who , in reviewing completed case studies , wants to assess their strengths .
it also gives guidance to the manager who , in reviewing completed case studies , wants to [evaluate] their strengths .

The other is retrospective and intended to help those who review case study reports to assess the quality of completed case studies .
the other is retrospective and intended to help those who review case study reports to [evaluate] the quality of completed case studies .

One reason they give is that skilled observers and interviewers can make judgments and valuations about factors that are otherwise very difficult to assess , such as how much effort a manager made to get information before a key decision was made or how much that person knew about what was going on .
one reason they give is that skilled observers and interviewers can make judgments and valuations about factors that are otherwise very difficult to [evaluate] , such as how much effort a manager made to get information before a key decision was made or how much that person knew about what was going on .

If case studies can vary so greatly , how can we assess their usefulness for evaluation ?
if case studies can vary so greatly , how can we [evaluate] their usefulness for evaluation ?

Program Evaluation The application of scientific research methods to assess program concepts , implementation , and effectiveness .
program evaluation the application of scientific research methods to [evaluate] program concepts , implementation , and effectiveness .

We will assess your request and inform you of how access will be provided .
we will [evaluate] your request and inform you of how access will be provided .

We will assess your request and inform you of how access will be provided .
we will [evaluate] your request and inform you of how access will be provided .

Such simulations can help policymakers assess the long-term consequences of fiscal policy and saving choices made today .
such simulations can help policymakers [evaluate] the long-term consequences of fiscal policy and saving choices made today .

Nonetheless , this simplifying assumption allows us to assess the effect of budget policy on saving , investment , and output in the future .
nonetheless , this simplifying assumption allows us to [evaluate] the effect of budget policy on saving , investment , and output in the future .

To assess performance , the IT organization instituted several sets of measures that link directly to the business objectives and priorities defined by the CEO in the company « s strategic plan .
to [evaluate] performance , the it organization instituted several sets of measures that link directly to the business objectives and priorities defined by the ceo in the company « s strategic plan .

Documenting their courses of action helps them manage schedules and expectations and provides baselines against which to assess progress and performance .
documenting their courses of action helps them manage schedules and expectations and provides baselines against which to [evaluate] progress and performance .

These organizations have generally struggled with identifying and adopting measures to assess the value of IT , but have been able to put some measures in place to help demonstrate performance .
these organizations have generally struggled with identifying and adopting measures to [evaluate] the value of it , but have been able to put some measures in place to help demonstrate performance .

Leading organizations also assess the readiness of their organizations to use IT measures and their receptiveness to data collection , measurement , and analysis .
leading organizations also [evaluate] the readiness of their organizations to use it measures and their receptiveness to data collection , measurement , and analysis .

This principle discusses the strategies that leading organizations use to assess their skill bases and attract , recruit , and retain IT professionals .
this principle discusses the strategies that leading organizations use to [evaluate] their skill bases and attract , recruit , and retain it professionals .

Key Characteristics Leading organizations develop human capital strategies to assess their skill bases and recruit and retain staff who can effectively implement technology to meet business needs .
key characteristics leading organizations develop human capital strategies to [evaluate] their skill bases and recruit and retain staff who can effectively implement technology to meet business needs .

Because this policy was recently implemented , we can not yet assess the impact of these changes on federal employment practices .
because this policy was recently implemented , we can not yet [evaluate] the impact of these changes on federal employment practices .

Because the first step in setting up a system of competition was to develop standards and benchmarks that we would use to evaluate programs and assess applicants ' eligibility .
because the first step in setting up a system of competition was to develop standards and benchmarks that we would use to evaluate programs and [evaluate] applicants ' eligibility .

For example , grant-award decisions and visits to assess program quality also focused on the efficacy of statewide systems and collaborative efforts with other agencies serving the client community .
for example , grant-award decisions and visits to [evaluate] program quality also focused on the efficacy of statewide systems and collaborative efforts with other agencies serving the client community .

LSC is developing performance measures to assess the ongoing effectiveness of its strategic plan , and will undertake pilot projects in up to five programs in 2001 .
lsc is developing performance measures to [evaluate] the ongoing effectiveness of its strategic plan , and will undertake pilot projects in up to five programs in 2001 .

RFP inquiries on technology are streamlined and incorporated into the RFP form for technology , which allows LSC to assess the technological capacities of the delivery system .
rfp inquiries on technology are streamlined and incorporated into the rfp form for technology , which allows lsc to [evaluate] the technological capacities of the delivery system .

The technology used to capture and evaluate information in response to the RFP permits LSC to compile and assess key information about the delivery system at the program , state , regional , and national level .
the technology used to capture and evaluate information in response to the rfp permits lsc to compile and [evaluate] key information about the delivery system at the program , state , regional , and national level .

Finally , post-reconfiguration visits occur two years after a service area has been reconfigured to assess how well the program is serving the new service area and the extent to which the restructured organization is operating cohesively .
finally , post-reconfiguration visits occur two years after a service area has been reconfigured to [evaluate] how well the program is serving the new service area and the extent to which the restructured organization is operating cohesively .

The instrument is designed to assess the health and vibrancy of each state justice community/state legal services delivery system , establish benchmarks against which further progress can be measured , and begin to gather data to allow comparisons of state justice communities .
the instrument is designed to [evaluate] the health and vibrancy of each state justice community/state legal services delivery system , establish benchmarks against which further progress can be measured , and begin to gather data to allow comparisons of state justice communities .

Nonetheless , LSC , having embarked on the path laid out by GPRA , recognizes the need to assess the data currently available on grantee activity for its accuracy and adequacy as a measure of LSC 's performance .
nonetheless , lsc , having embarked on the path laid out by gpra , recognizes the need to [evaluate] the data currently available on grantee activity for its accuracy and adequacy as a measure of lsc 's performance .

Developing New Performance Measures In addition to providing Congress and the public more reliable and accurate statistics on closed cases , LSC is committed to developing and to implementing by January 1 , 2001 , a new reporting system to document and assess the work of LSC grantees .
developing new performance measures in addition to providing congress and the public more reliable and accurate statistics on closed cases , lsc is committed to developing and to implementing by january 1 , 2001 , a new reporting system to document and [evaluate] the work of lsc grantees .

The `` Cost per Case '' Model : The first methodology LSC is developing and evaluating to assess the work of grantees is a `` cost-per-case '' analysis .
the `` cost per case '' model : the first methodology lsc is developing and evaluating to [evaluate] the work of grantees is a `` cost-per-case '' analysis .

Use of Program Oversight Commitment : Develop methods to assess program quality , to ensure that case handling staff are well trained and that the legal work among programs is coordinated and of high quality .
use of program oversight commitment : develop methods to [evaluate] program quality , to ensure that case handling staff are well trained and that the legal work among programs is coordinated and of high quality .

When a result from a reference toxicant test is outside the 99 % confidence intervals , the laboratory must conduct an immediate investigation to assess the possible causes for the outlier .
when a result from a reference toxicant test is outside the 99 % confidence intervals , the laboratory must conduct an immediate investigation to [evaluate] the possible causes for the outlier .

When a result from a reference toxicant test is outside the 99 % confidence intervals , the laboratory must conduct an immediate investigation to assess the possible causes for the outlier .
when a result from a reference toxicant test is outside the 99 % confidence intervals , the laboratory must conduct an immediate investigation to [evaluate] the possible causes for the outlier .

CEF Moderate Case Scenario The authors of the Clean Energy Future ( CEF ) report describe their analysis as an attempt to `` assess how energy-efficient and clean energy technologies can address key energy and environmental challenges facing the US '' ( Brown , et al , 2001 ) .
cef moderate case scenario the authors of the clean energy future ( cef ) report describe their analysis as an attempt to `` [evaluate] how energy-efficient and clean energy technologies can address key energy and environmental challenges facing the us '' ( brown , et al , 2001 ) .

When a result from a reference toxicant test is outside the 99 % confidence intervals , the laboratory must conduct an immediate investigation to assess the possible causes for the outlier .
when a result from a reference toxicant test is outside the 99 % confidence intervals , the laboratory must conduct an immediate investigation to [evaluate] the possible causes for the outlier .

To assess the impact of this , it was assumed that the boilermakers in the U.S. continued to grow at the 5.3 percent pace that the International Brotherhood of Boilermakers , Iron Ship Builders , Blacksmiths , Forgers , and Helpers has set as a minimum growth target .
to [evaluate] the impact of this , it was assumed that the boilermakers in the u.s. continued to grow at the 5.3 percent pace that the international brotherhood of boilermakers , iron ship builders , blacksmiths , forgers , and helpers has set as a minimum growth target .

CAMx is an Eulerian photochemical dispersion model designed to assess both gaseous and particulate air pollution over many scales , from urban to super-regional .
camx is an eulerian photochemical dispersion model designed to [evaluate] both gaseous and particulate air pollution over many scales , from urban to super-regional .

To measure this value , it is important to assess how reductions in air pollution reduce the risk of dying from the time that reductions take effect onward , and how individuals value these changes .
to measure this value , it is important to [evaluate] how reductions in air pollution reduce the risk of dying from the time that reductions take effect onward , and how individuals value these changes .

Basically , the Postal Service would be expected to assess competition and mailers ' willingness to pay , and then to segment its markets as much as possible .
basically , the postal service would be expected to [evaluate] competition and mailers ' willingness to pay , and then to segment its markets as much as possible .

KSM claims that Bin Ladin could assess new trainees very quickly , in about ten minutes , and that many of the 9/11 hijackers were selected in this manner .
ksm claims that bin ladin could [evaluate] new trainees very quickly , in about ten minutes , and that many of the 9/11 hijackers were selected in this manner .

At 8:50 , the Aviation Unit of the NYPD dispatched two helicopters to the WTC to report on conditions and assess the feasibility of a rooftop landing or of special rescue operations .
at 8:50 , the aviation unit of the nypd dispatched two helicopters to the wtc to report on conditions and [evaluate] the feasibility of a rooftop landing or of special rescue operations .

At 9:11 , the PAPD Superintendent and an inspector began walking up stairwell B of the North Tower to assess damage near and in the impact zone .
at 9:11 , the papd superintendent and an inspector began walking up stairwell b of the north tower to [evaluate] damage near and in the impact zone .

The incident command post provided a clear view of and access to the crash site , allowing the incident commander to assess the situation at all times .
the incident command post provided a clear view of and access to the crash site , allowing the incident commander to [evaluate] the situation at all times .

The EPA did not have the health-based benchmarks needed to assess the extraordinary air quality conditions in Lower Manhattan after 9/11 .
the epa did not have the health-based benchmarks needed to [evaluate] the extraordinary air quality conditions in lower manhattan after 9/11 .

Program planners have set a goal of collecting information , confirming identity , providing information about foreign nationals throughout the entire immigration system , and ultimately enabling each point in the system to assess the lawfulness of travel and any security risks .
program planners have set a goal of collecting information , confirming identity , providing information about foreign nationals throughout the entire immigration system , and ultimately enabling each point in the system to [evaluate] the lawfulness of travel and any security risks .

To assess congressional views , we reviewed all conference and committee reports relating to congressional action on INS budget requests for fiscal years 1995 through 2001 and all Senate and House immigration hearings from 1993 to 2001 .
to [evaluate] congressional views , we reviewed all conference and committee reports relating to congressional action on ins budget requests for fiscal years 1995 through 2001 and all senate and house immigration hearings from 1993 to 2001 .

See , e.g. , Fifth Annual Report to the President and the Congress of the Advisory Panel to Assess Domestic Response Capabilities for Terrorism Involving Weapons of Mass Destruction , '' Forging America 's New Normalcy : Securing our Homeland , Preserving our Liberty , '' Dec. 15,2003 .
see , e.g. , fifth annual report to the president and the congress of the advisory panel to [evaluate] domestic response capabilities for terrorism involving weapons of mass destruction , '' forging america 's new normalcy : securing our homeland , preserving our liberty , '' dec. 15,2003 .

For example , information on the FBI 's effort in 1998 to assess the potential use of flight training by terrorists and the Phoenix electronic communication of 2001 warning of radical Middle Easterners attending flight school were not passed to FAA headquarters .
for example , information on the fbi 's effort in 1998 to [evaluate] the potential use of flight training by terrorists and the phoenix electronic communication of 2001 warning of radical middle easterners attending flight school were not passed to faa headquarters .

Weaknesses in all-source and strategic analysis were highlighted by a panel , chaired by Admiral David Jeremiah , that critiqued the intelligence community 's failure to foresee the nuclear weapons tests by India and Pakistan in 1998 , as well as by a 1999 panel , chaired by Donald Rumsfeld , that discussed the community 's limited ability to assess the ballistic missile threat to the United States .
weaknesses in all-source and strategic analysis were highlighted by a panel , chaired by admiral david jeremiah , that critiqued the intelligence community 's failure to foresee the nuclear weapons tests by india and pakistan in 1998 , as well as by a 1999 panel , chaired by donald rumsfeld , that discussed the community 's limited ability to [evaluate] the ballistic missile threat to the united states .

Under the command of state governors , they provided support to civilian agencies to assess the nature of the attack , offer medical and technical advice , and coordinate state and local responses .
under the command of state governors , they provided support to civilian agencies to [evaluate] the nature of the attack , offer medical and technical advice , and coordinate state and local responses .

General Tommy Franks , the commanding general of Central Command , recalled receiving Rumsfeld 's guidance that each regional commander should assess what these plans meant for his area of responsibility .
general tommy franks , the commanding general of central command , recalled receiving rumsfeld 's guidance that each regional commander should [evaluate] what these plans meant for his area of responsibility .

Recommendation : The Department of Defense and its oversight committees should regularly assess the adequacy of Northern Command 's strategies and planning to defend the United States against military threats to the homeland .
recommendation : the department of defense and its oversight committees should regularly [evaluate] the adequacy of northern command 's strategies and planning to defend the united states against military threats to the homeland .

Recommendation : The Department of Homeland Security and its oversight committees should regularly assess the types of threats the country faces to determine ( a ) the adequacy of the government 's plans-and the progress against those plans-to protect America 's critical infrastructure and ( b ) the readiness of the government to respond to the threats that the United States might face .
recommendation : the department of homeland security and its oversight committees should regularly [evaluate] the types of threats the country faces to determine ( a ) the adequacy of the government 's plans-and the progress against those plans-to protect america 's critical infrastructure and ( b ) the readiness of the government to respond to the threats that the united states might face .

In deputies meetings at the end of June , Tenet was tasked to assess the prospects forTaliban cooperation with the United States on al Qaeda .
in deputies meetings at the end of june , tenet was tasked to [evaluate] the prospects fortaliban cooperation with the united states on al qaeda .

This department now has the lead responsibility for problems that feature so prominently in the 9/11 story , such as protecting borders , securing transportation and other parts of our critical infrastructure , organizing emergency assistance , and working with the private sector to assess vulnerabilities .
this department now has the lead responsibility for problems that feature so prominently in the 9/11 story , such as protecting borders , securing transportation and other parts of our critical infrastructure , organizing emergency assistance , and working with the private sector to [evaluate] vulnerabilities .

The second question is , Can useful criteria to measure risk and vulnerability be developed that assess all the many variables ?
the second question is , can useful criteria to measure risk and vulnerability be developed that [evaluate] all the many variables ?

If α-secretase stimulation is to be truly viable as a human clinical intervention , it will be essential to assess the possibility that enhanced APP ectodomain shedding might incur mechanism-based toxicity ( analogous to the concerns currently surrounding γ-secretase inhibitors ) .
if α-secretase stimulation is to be truly viable as a human clinical intervention , it will be essential to [evaluate] the possibility that enhanced app ectodomain shedding might incur mechanism-based toxicity ( analogous to the concerns currently surrounding γ-secretase inhibitors ) .

To assess developmental changes resulting from glucose reduction and later culture modifications , we examined NS cell composition , and expression of gene products known to regulate or define in vivo fates of embryonic neural or islet cells .
to [evaluate] developmental changes resulting from glucose reduction and later culture modifications , we examined ns cell composition , and expression of gene products known to regulate or define in vivo fates of embryonic neural or islet cells .

A 6-d diary of sleep duration was added as part of a protocol to assess daytime sleepiness after the initiation of the cohort study ; these data were available for 721 participants .
a 6-d diary of sleep duration was added as part of a protocol to [evaluate] daytime sleepiness after the initiation of the cohort study ; these data were available for 721 participants .

Polysomnography An 18-channel polysomnographic system was used to assess sleep states , and respiratory and cardiac variables [ 14 ] .
polysomnography an 18-channel polysomnographic system was used to [evaluate] sleep states , and respiratory and cardiac variables [ 14 ] .

Continuous measurement of arterial oxyhemoglobin saturation by pulse oximetry ( Ohmeda , Englewood , Colorado , United States ) , oral and nasal airflow , nasal air pressure , and thoracic cage and abdominal respiratory motion ( Respitrace Ambulatory Monitoring , Ardsley , New York , United States ) were used to assess SDB [ 14 ] .
continuous measurement of arterial oxyhemoglobin saturation by pulse oximetry ( ohmeda , englewood , colorado , united states ) , oral and nasal airflow , nasal air pressure , and thoracic cage and abdominal respiratory motion ( respitrace ambulatory monitoring , ardsley , new york , united states ) were used to [evaluate] sdb [ 14 ] .

The first step in management is to assess glycemic , electrolyte , acid-base , and volume status .
the first step in management is to [evaluate] glycemic , electrolyte , acid-base , and volume status .

We developed an equity objective function to assess how the limited supply of ARVs should be allocated to each HCF to ensure that an equal proportion of infected people in each community receive treatment .
we developed an equity objective function to [evaluate] how the limited supply of arvs should be allocated to each hcf to ensure that an equal proportion of infected people in each community receive treatment .

In a previous paper published in the New England Journal of Medicine , Ralph Weissleder and colleagues described using these nanoparticles to assess lymphoid spread in patients with prostate cancer .
in a previous paper published in the new england journal of medicine , ralph weissleder and colleagues described using these nanoparticles to [evaluate] lymphoid spread in patients with prostate cancer .

Cells were also co-transfected with EGFP ( Clontech , Franklin Lakes , New Jersey , United States ) to assess transfection efficiency .
cells were also co-transfected with egfp ( clontech , franklin lakes , new jersey , united states ) to [evaluate] transfection efficiency .

Apoptotic nuclei were detected using DAPI staining ( 1 μg/ml ; 10 min ) in cell cultures fixed with 4 % paraformaldehyde , and analyzed via fluorescence microscopy to assess chromatin condensation and segregation .
apoptotic nuclei were detected using dapi staining ( 1 μg/ml ; 10 min ) in cell cultures fixed with 4 % paraformaldehyde , and analyzed via fluorescence microscopy to [evaluate] chromatin condensation and segregation .

The clinician must carry out the discussion in layperson 's terms , assess the patient 's understanding along the way , and ensure that the patient understands the information and consents to it voluntarily [ 19 ] .
the clinician must carry out the discussion in layperson 's terms , [evaluate] the patient 's understanding along the way , and ensure that the patient understands the information and consents to it voluntarily [ 19 ] .

Proving that reinforcement has occurred requires the ruling out of several alternative hypotheses , which are themselves difficult to assess ( Noor 1999 ; Coyne and Orr 2004 ) .
proving that reinforcement has occurred requires the ruling out of several alternative hypotheses , which are themselves difficult to [evaluate] ( noor 1999 ; coyne and orr 2004 ) .

While examples such as these provide essential information about reinforcement , their slow rate of compilation and biased reporting do not provide efficient ways to assess how often reinforcement occurs in general .
while examples such as these provide essential information about reinforcement , their slow rate of compilation and biased reporting do not provide efficient ways to [evaluate] how often reinforcement occurs in general .

Moreover , although only a few of these 39 pairs ( see Table 1 in Johnson and Cicero [ 2004 ] ) had sufficient sampling to assess intraspecific variation in mtDNA sequences , these typically showed paraphyly in mtDNA haplotypes .
moreover , although only a few of these 39 pairs ( see table 1 in johnson and cicero [ 2004 ] ) had sufficient sampling to [evaluate] intraspecific variation in mtdna sequences , these typically showed paraphyly in mtdna haplotypes .

Authors have frequently attempted to assess whether rates in a given study are similar to those obtained elsewhere .
authors have frequently attempted to [evaluate] whether rates in a given study are similar to those obtained elsewhere .

One way to test this hypothesis is to compare sites with known variation in vascular risk to assess whether there is also variation in the incidence of dementia .
one way to test this hypothesis is to compare sites with known variation in vascular risk to [evaluate] whether there is also variation in the incidence of dementia .

Such trials attempt to obtain an unbiased randomization of patients with respect to known and unknown baseline conditions and to assess the effects of an intervention .
such trials attempt to obtain an unbiased randomization of patients with respect to known and unknown baseline conditions and to [evaluate] the effects of an intervention .

Concerns about the “ Monitoring Stem Cell Research ” Report With respect to the “ Monitoring Stem Cell Research ” report , we feel that some facts that would help the public and scientists better assess the content of the report were not brought out clearly or were omitted entirely .
concerns about the “ monitoring stem cell research ” report with respect to the “ monitoring stem cell research ” report , we feel that some facts that would help the public and scientists better [evaluate] the content of the report were not brought out clearly or were omitted entirely .

While some have valid criticisms of the assumptions and aggregation of historic data used to assess the global situation , few disagree with the overriding conclusion that humans have drastically altered not only fish biodiversity , but , increasingly , the ocean itself .
while some have valid criticisms of the assumptions and aggregation of historic data used to [evaluate] the global situation , few disagree with the overriding conclusion that humans have drastically altered not only fish biodiversity , but , increasingly , the ocean itself .

However , this new approach to assess fish stocks is not without its critics .
however , this new approach to [evaluate] fish stocks is not without its critics .

For these reasons , the best way to assess the impact of overweight on risk of mortality is simply to exclude current and past smokers .
for these reasons , the best way to [evaluate] the impact of overweight on risk of mortality is simply to exclude current and past smokers .

Because a competing interests statement accompanies every article published in PLoS Medicine , readers can take these interests into account when they assess a paper themselves .
because a competing interests statement accompanies every article published in plos medicine , readers can take these interests into account when they [evaluate] a paper themselves .

It also allowed us to control for a wide range of confounders and assess consistency across measures by analyzing four acute phase proteins and several traditional risk factors .
it also allowed us to control for a wide range of confounders and [evaluate] consistency across measures by analyzing four acute phase proteins and several traditional risk factors .

We used a Bayesian extension to the standard t -test [ 12 ] to assess this difference .
we used a bayesian extension to the standard t -test [ 12 ] to [evaluate] this difference .

Such in vivo studies will also be required to properly assess the safety profile of these cells .
such in vivo studies will also be required to properly [evaluate] the safety profile of these cells .

As well as identifying tumors that express this marker , this approach might also offer a noninvasive way to assess the degree of new vessel formation in tumors .
as well as identifying tumors that express this marker , this approach might also offer a noninvasive way to [evaluate] the degree of new vessel formation in tumors .

Patient summaries provide a starting point for patients to assess the relevance to them of a research paper .
patient summaries provide a starting point for patients to [evaluate] the relevance to them of a research paper .

Relationship of Magnitude and Breadth of HIV-1-Specific CD8+ T Cells to Duration of Viremia Control To assess the relationship between the clinical outcome and evolution of HIV-1-specific CD8+ T cells , we longitudinally analyzed the breadth and magnitude of CD8+ T cell responses using an interferon-γ ELISPOT and a panel of 410 overlapping peptides spanning the entire HIV-1 clade B consensus sequence .
relationship of magnitude and breadth of hiv-1-specific cd8+ t cells to duration of viremia control to [evaluate] the relationship between the clinical outcome and evolution of hiv-1-specific cd8+ t cells , we longitudinally analyzed the breadth and magnitude of cd8+ t cell responses using an interferon-γ elispot and a panel of 410 overlapping peptides spanning the entire hiv-1 clade b consensus sequence .

Relationship of Magnitude of Lymphocyte Proliferative Responses to p24 Antigen to Duration of Viremia Control We next analyzed evolution of lymphoproliferative responses to recombinant HIV-1 p24 Gag protein in order to assess HIV-1-specific CD4+ T cell function .
relationship of magnitude of lymphocyte proliferative responses to p24 antigen to duration of viremia control we next analyzed evolution of lymphoproliferative responses to recombinant hiv-1 p24 gag protein in order to [evaluate] hiv-1-specific cd4+ t cell function .

Israel Findings To assess whether the limitations of the United States antibody described above—i.e. , the availability of only one cutoff point for antibody concentrations—might be providing an incomplete picture of the distribution of antibody levels by age , we examined an additional dataset from Israeli toddlers .
israel findings to [evaluate] whether the limitations of the united states antibody described above—i.e. , the availability of only one cutoff point for antibody concentrations—might be providing an incomplete picture of the distribution of antibody levels by age , we examined an additional dataset from israeli toddlers .

To assess the analytical validity of the membrane-based microchip system , we first performed a dilution control study to evaluate the correlation between total fluorescence intensity and the absolute number of purified CD4 cells from non-HIV-infected participants ( labeled with fluorophore-conjugated anti-CD4 antibody ) captured in the microchamber .
to [evaluate] the analytical validity of the membrane-based microchip system , we first performed a dilution control study to evaluate the correlation between total fluorescence intensity and the absolute number of purified cd4 cells from non-hiv-infected participants ( labeled with fluorophore-conjugated anti-cd4 antibody ) captured in the microchamber .

We have conducted preliminary studies that suggest that we can accurately measure CD4 counts from less than 5 Î¼l of blood obtained via fingerstick ( data not shown ) ; additional studies will be required to assess the correlation between CD4 counts obtained by fingerstick and by venipuncture .
we have conducted preliminary studies that suggest that we can accurately measure cd4 counts from less than 5 î¼l of blood obtained via fingerstick ( data not shown ) ; additional studies will be required to [evaluate] the correlation between cd4 counts obtained by fingerstick and by venipuncture .

To assess the functional status of the smaller TAA-specific CD8+ T cell responses in the other five patients—which were too small for direct cytotoxicity assays after sorting—we utilized a novel FACS assay for degranulation based on CD107 mobilization [ 24 ] .
to [evaluate] the functional status of the smaller taa-specific cd8+ t cell responses in the other five patients—which were too small for direct cytotoxicity assays after sorting—we utilized a novel facs assay for degranulation based on cd107 mobilization [ 24 ] .

Unfortunately , many of the measurements now used by insurance companies to assess quality pay little attention—if any at all—to the complexity of a patient 's illness , or to the importance of spending time trying to define the underlying malady .
unfortunately , many of the measurements now used by insurance companies to [evaluate] quality pay little attention—if any at all—to the complexity of a patient 's illness , or to the importance of spending time trying to define the underlying malady .

It would be unfortunate indeed if medical professionals let their uneasiness at this emerging trend toward patient empowerment and autonomy cloud their ability to assess the impressive benefits these groups provide .
it would be unfortunate indeed if medical professionals let their uneasiness at this emerging trend toward patient empowerment and autonomy cloud their ability to [evaluate] the impressive benefits these groups provide .

We will assess the former in a similar way to how we look at human trials .
we will [evaluate] the former in a similar way to how we look at human trials .

Research efforts have been hampered by not having an easy way to assess in patients the fluid depletion in different compartments of the body , i.e. , total body water and extracellular and intracellular water volume .
research efforts have been hampered by not having an easy way to [evaluate] in patients the fluid depletion in different compartments of the body , i.e. , total body water and extracellular and intracellular water volume .

Measuring Prevention and Treatment Effects In their study in the January 2005 issue of PLoS Medicine , “ Integrating HIV Prevention and Treatment : From Slogans to Impact , ” Salomon and colleagues use mathematical modeling to assess the epidemiologic impact of treatment and prevention efforts , and to quantify the opportunities and potential risks of large-scale treatment roll-out .
measuring prevention and treatment effects in their study in the january 2005 issue of plos medicine , “ integrating hiv prevention and treatment : from slogans to impact , ” salomon and colleagues use mathematical modeling to [evaluate] the epidemiologic impact of treatment and prevention efforts , and to quantify the opportunities and potential risks of large-scale treatment roll-out .

Salomon and colleagues used mathematical modeling to assess the effect of changing aspects of the HIV/AIDS “ equation ” on the future course of the HIV/AIDS epidemic .
salomon and colleagues used mathematical modeling to [evaluate] the effect of changing aspects of the hiv/aids “ equation ” on the future course of the hiv/aids epidemic .

As microarrays have become mainstream research tools in biology and medicine , the large datasets and complex analyses from these studies have presented challenges : for authors in analyzing the data , for reviewers and editors in deciding on the suitability of papers for publication , for journals in determining how much data needs to be presented within the paper itself , for other researchers in reproducing the data , and , finally , for readers in deciding how to assess the data presented .
as microarrays have become mainstream research tools in biology and medicine , the large datasets and complex analyses from these studies have presented challenges : for authors in analyzing the data , for reviewers and editors in deciding on the suitability of papers for publication , for journals in determining how much data needs to be presented within the paper itself , for other researchers in reproducing the data , and , finally , for readers in deciding how to [evaluate] the data presented .

Some researchers advocate the use of standard statistical packages , which allows the reader to repeat an entire analysis quickly and , hence , assess the robustness of the results .
some researchers advocate the use of standard statistical packages , which allows the reader to repeat an entire analysis quickly and , hence , [evaluate] the robustness of the results .

A company , deCODE Genetics , was set up to mine health-care data in Iceland , and to use it to assess the effect of genetics on health .
a company , decode genetics , was set up to mine health-care data in iceland , and to use it to [evaluate] the effect of genetics on health .

To assess disease severity , peripheral blood parasitemia is measured , but this is only a weak predictor of mortality in falciparum malaria .
to [evaluate] disease severity , peripheral blood parasitemia is measured , but this is only a weak predictor of mortality in falciparum malaria .

With the new tools available to identify candidate genes and assess their function , the next few decades appear promising for scientists engaged in regeneration research .
with the new tools available to identify candidate genes and [evaluate] their function , the next few decades appear promising for scientists engaged in regeneration research .

The European Framework : “ REACH ” In 2001 , the European Commission affirmed that the European Union 's legislative framework did not provide adequate information about the adverse effects of chemicals on human health , and that when hazards were identified the regulatory agencies were slow to assess risks and to introduce measures to reduce those risks [ 78 ] .
the european framework : “ reach ” in 2001 , the european commission affirmed that the european union 's legislative framework did not provide adequate information about the adverse effects of chemicals on human health , and that when hazards were identified the regulatory agencies were slow to [evaluate] risks and to introduce measures to reduce those risks [ 78 ] .

We next used this PCR-RFLP assay to assess various patient samples for the presence of the specific 2369 C→T mutation corresponding to the T790M amino acid substitution .
we next used this pcr-rflp assay to [evaluate] various patient samples for the presence of the specific 2369 c→t mutation corresponding to the t790m amino acid substitution .

To assess the drug sensitivity of the various EGFR kinases in surrogate assays , we used a Y1092-phosphate-specific antibody ( i.e. , phospho-EGFR [ p-EGFR ] ) to measure the levels of “ autophosphorylated ” Tyr-1092 on EGFR in relation to levels of t-EGFR protein .
to [evaluate] the drug sensitivity of the various egfr kinases in surrogate assays , we used a y1092-phosphate-specific antibody ( i.e. , phospho-egfr [ p-egfr ] ) to measure the levels of “ autophosphorylated ” tyr-1092 on egfr in relation to levels of t-egfr protein .

In the light of these new data [ 11 ] , there does not appear to be a rationale for early antiretroviral therapy in the absence of a clinical trial to assess other interventions in concert with early therapy .
in the light of these new data [ 11 ] , there does not appear to be a rationale for early antiretroviral therapy in the absence of a clinical trial to [evaluate] other interventions in concert with early therapy .

These are encouraging results , but future larger studies will need to assess the duration of protection and demonstrate the safety of this replication-competent vaccine .
these are encouraging results , but future larger studies will need to [evaluate] the duration of protection and demonstrate the safety of this replication-competent vaccine .

Methods To assess the quality of the single and the repeated low-dose challenge designs , we conducted a statistical power analysis .
methods to [evaluate] the quality of the single and the repeated low-dose challenge designs , we conducted a statistical power analysis .

On this contingency table , we perform a standard one-tailed Fisher 's exact test [ 24 ] to assess whether the fraction of infected animals in the vaccinated group is significantly lower than that in the control group .
on this contingency table , we perform a standard one-tailed fisher 's exact test [ 24 ] to [evaluate] whether the fraction of infected animals in the vaccinated group is significantly lower than that in the control group .

To assess whether the fraction of infected animals in the vaccinated group is significantly lower than that in the control group , we again perform a one-tailed Fisher 's exact test [ 24 ] .
to [evaluate] whether the fraction of infected animals in the vaccinated group is significantly lower than that in the control group , we again perform a one-tailed fisher 's exact test [ 24 ] .

After challenge with a low dose , one would determine the fraction of infected hosts in vaccinated and unvaccinated groups , and assess whether there is a statistically significant difference in the fractions ( see Figure 1A ) .
after challenge with a low dose , one would determine the fraction of infected hosts in vaccinated and unvaccinated groups , and [evaluate] whether there is a statistically significant difference in the fractions ( see figure 1a ) .

To assess how many animals would be required in a single low-dose challenge experiment , we performed a statistical power analysis ( see Methods ) .
to [evaluate] how many animals would be required in a single low-dose challenge experiment , we performed a statistical power analysis ( see methods ) .

Thus , the single low-dose challenge design is not feasible , or at least not practical , to assess the efficacy of a vaccine or other preventive interventions in animals .
thus , the single low-dose challenge design is not feasible , or at least not practical , to [evaluate] the efficacy of a vaccine or other preventive interventions in animals .

It may therefore be feasible to conduct trials with low challenge doses , which more realistically simulate exposures of humans to HIV , allowing us to more directly and sensitively assess vaccine or treatment efficacy than with high-dose challenge experiments .
it may therefore be feasible to conduct trials with low challenge doses , which more realistically simulate exposures of humans to hiv , allowing us to more directly and sensitively [evaluate] vaccine or treatment efficacy than with high-dose challenge experiments .

Thus , we propose infecting intra-vaginally or intra-rectally in experiments that aim to assess a vaccine or prophylactic treatment against sexual transmission of HIV .
thus , we propose infecting intra-vaginally or intra-rectally in experiments that aim to [evaluate] a vaccine or prophylactic treatment against sexual transmission of hiv .

In addition to the potential to assess the vaccine or microbicide efficacy more sensitively and in a more realistic setting , a low-dose challenge approach may enable us to answer questions that can not even be asked in high-dose challenge models .
in addition to the potential to [evaluate] the vaccine or microbicide efficacy more sensitively and in a more realistic setting , a low-dose challenge approach may enable us to answer questions that can not even be asked in high-dose challenge models .

In conclusion , the repeated low-dose challenge approach may enable us to assess the potential efficacy of vaccines and prophylactic treatment strategies more realistically , and more sensitively than the standard high-dose challenge approach .
in conclusion , the repeated low-dose challenge approach may enable us to [evaluate] the potential efficacy of vaccines and prophylactic treatment strategies more realistically , and more sensitively than the standard high-dose challenge approach .

For example , noematically I can consider a certain cat who probably exists , but then I can turn back noetically to assess the degree of certitude that characterizes my consideration of that selfsame cat as existing ( # 105 ) .
for example , noematically i can consider a certain cat who probably exists , but then i can turn back noetically to [evaluate] the degree of certitude that characterizes my consideration of that selfsame cat as existing ( # 105 ) .

The story 's body quotes a B-1 officer saying that `` vindication might not be the right word , '' and waits until the ninth paragraph to reveal that `` the Pentagon had not yet been able to assess the damage done by the bombers ' strikes . ''
the story 's body quotes a b-1 officer saying that `` vindication might not be the right word , '' and waits until the ninth paragraph to reveal that `` the pentagon had not yet been able to [evaluate] the damage done by the bombers ' strikes . ''

The WP puts forth a gigantic effort to assess the entire 2nd millennium , with sprawling essays on the span 's history , and on its concepts of liberty , love , hate , ingenuity , fear , beauty , thought , and mystery .
the wp puts forth a gigantic effort to [evaluate] the entire 2nd millennium , with sprawling essays on the span 's history , and on its concepts of liberty , love , hate , ingenuity , fear , beauty , thought , and mystery .

Not knowing who the Post editor in question was , it 's hard to assess whether that editor 's `` feeling '' that Deep Throat did n't smoke was based on inside knowledge of the Post 's Watergate reporting .
not knowing who the post editor in question was , it 's hard to [evaluate] whether that editor 's `` feeling '' that deep throat did n't smoke was based on inside knowledge of the post 's watergate reporting .

From Slate I expect and am paying for serious attempts to assess what happened and what the consequences might be .
from slate i expect and am paying for serious attempts to [evaluate] what happened and what the consequences might be .

Once that fact has sunk in , a cultural historian can assess the true magnitude of the problem that Unauthorized Freud only glancingly treats : how 20 th century secular intellectuals , not excepting journalists in therapy , could have been so thoroughly bamboozled .
once that fact has sunk in , a cultural historian can [evaluate] the true magnitude of the problem that unauthorized freud only glancingly treats : how 20 th century secular intellectuals , not excepting journalists in therapy , could have been so thoroughly bamboozled .

For more than a decade now , U.S. News & World Report has been providing kids and their parents a way to assess the most important factor in choosing a college : academic excellence .
for more than a decade now , u.s. news & world report has been providing kids and their parents a way to [evaluate] the most important factor in choosing a college : academic excellence .

The Globe has the requisite doctor on hand to assess 10 celebs ' before and after photos .
the globe has the requisite doctor on hand to [evaluate] 10 celebs ' before and after photos .

The job of economic analysts is , or ought to be , to assess the policies , without regard to who makes them .
the job of economic analysts is , or ought to be , to [evaluate] the policies , without regard to who makes them .

They just assess whether the remarks will succeed or fail politically .
they just [evaluate] whether the remarks will succeed or fail politically .

Testing helps assess progress , but legislatures are mandating that kids be held back for failing , and some states are sanctioning schools for low scores .
testing helps [evaluate] progress , but legislatures are mandating that kids be held back for failing , and some states are sanctioning schools for low scores .

Reformers seeking to create opportunities for underprivileged students adopted the test to assess scholastic aptitude .
reformers seeking to create opportunities for underprivileged students adopted the test to [evaluate] scholastic aptitude .

We depend on scientific methods and technology to assess the changing conditions of our planet .
we depend on scientific methods and technology to [evaluate] the changing conditions of our planet .

The best line of the night came from Sen. Fred Thompson , R-Tenn. , when some cable news anchor asked him to assess the election results so far : `` When these things are n't going your way , you say , 'It 's still early . '
the best line of the night came from sen. fred thompson , r-tenn. , when some cable news anchor asked him to [evaluate] the election results so far : `` when these things are n't going your way , you say , 'it 's still early . '

It legally began to unravel when he had her served with divorce papers while she was returning home from a CAT scan to assess her injuries .
it legally began to unravel when he had her served with divorce papers while she was returning home from a cat scan to [evaluate] her injuries .

The publication turns to science to assess the truthfulness of Clinton 's denials of the romance .
the publication turns to science to [evaluate] the truthfulness of clinton 's denials of the romance .

Pundits said the caucuses do n't reflect the national electorate , but went on to assess their significance .
pundits said the caucuses do n't reflect the national electorate , but went on to [evaluate] their significance .

Having researched how people assess wine , Noble now teaches scientific techniques to describe it precisely .
having researched how people [evaluate] wine , noble now teaches scientific techniques to describe it precisely .

The author , Los Angeles writer Scott Shuger , will report what the papers chose as the day 's big stories , assess how they played those stories ( both placement and content ) , and tell us about any exclusives or unique pieces .
the author , los angeles writer scott shuger , will report what the papers chose as the day 's big stories , [evaluate] how they played those stories ( both placement and content ) , and tell us about any exclusives or unique pieces .

Reading at a fourth-grade level should mean the same thing in Goodrich , Texas , that it does in Bismarck , N.D. With a single standard , you could measure any school against any other school and truly assess their progress or failure against a common baseline .
reading at a fourth-grade level should mean the same thing in goodrich , texas , that it does in bismarck , n.d. with a single standard , you could measure any school against any other school and truly [evaluate] their progress or failure against a common baseline .

The evidence for Kinsey 's masochism -- mostly the reports of anonymous sources -- is much more difficult to assess .
the evidence for kinsey 's masochism -- mostly the reports of anonymous sources -- is much more difficult to [evaluate] .

A companion piece elucidates two of these new insights : Bodily symmetry largely determines physical attractiveness , and humans may use smell to assess the quality of a potential sex partner 's immune system .
a companion piece elucidates two of these new insights : bodily symmetry largely determines physical attractiveness , and humans may use smell to [evaluate] the quality of a potential sex partner 's immune system .

In the first , they were asked to assess how funny they found a series of jokes of markedly varied funniness ( as graded by a team of eight professional comedians ) .
in the first , they were asked to [evaluate] how funny they found a series of jokes of markedly varied funniness ( as graded by a team of eight professional comedians ) .

Dr. Berlin argues that the laws impose `` a medical intervention in the absence of evidence that forced treatment is likely ... to be effective '' and make `` no effort to medically assess whether [ castration ] is appropriate for an individual . ''
dr. berlin argues that the laws impose `` a medical intervention in the absence of evidence that forced treatment is likely ... to be effective '' and make `` no effort to medically [evaluate] whether [ castration ] is appropriate for an individual . ''

It turns out there is one reputable study that has tried to assess whether or not luck actually does go bad on Friday the 13 th .
it turns out there is one reputable study that has tried to [evaluate] whether or not luck actually does go bad on friday the 13 th .

Frankly , it 's not Allen 's place to forgive himself for all the bad things he has done -- or , for that matter , to assess his own talents .
frankly , it 's not allen 's place to forgive himself for all the bad things he has done -- or , for that matter , to [evaluate] his own talents .

To advocate that theory convincingly , you 'd have to estimate the size of the premium and assess whether it 's something that consumers would plausibly pay .
to advocate that theory convincingly , you 'd have to estimate the size of the premium and [evaluate] whether it 's something that consumers would plausibly pay .

Working with the distance and height , the estimator would assess the ball 's trajectory -- was it a liner ?
working with the distance and height , the estimator would [evaluate] the ball 's trajectory -- was it a liner ?

In the 19 th century such mudslinging never amounted to a full-scale attempt to assess a candidate 's psychological profile .
in the 19 th century such mudslinging never amounted to a full-scale attempt to [evaluate] a candidate 's psychological profile .

The real question , then , is how to assess character .
the real question , then , is how to [evaluate] character .

Each may require its own form of measurement or assessment , and some will prove far easier to assess objectively than others . ''
each may require its own form of measurement or assessment , and some will prove far easier to [evaluate] objectively than others . ''

Then assess whether the reasons are specific to Fred and worthy of your own lifelong commitment .
then [evaluate] whether the reasons are specific to fred and worthy of your own lifelong commitment .

Doctors assess a fetus 's viability by attempting to guess whether its lungs have formed .
doctors [evaluate] a fetus 's viability by attempting to guess whether its lungs have formed .

What that says about me I 'll leave for those who know me to assess .
what that says about me i 'll leave for those who know me to [evaluate] .

The debate on publication day was conducted in the mass media by people with no independent ability to assess the book .
the debate on publication day was conducted in the mass media by people with no independent ability to [evaluate] the book .

Virtually all the early commentators on The Bell Curve were unable to assess the merits of the regression analysis .
virtually all the early commentators on the bell curve were unable to [evaluate] the merits of the regression analysis .

The Los Angeles Times ' top national story examines whether economists are able to assess accurately the global economy 's health .
the los angeles times ' top national story examines whether economists are able to [evaluate] accurately the global economy 's health .

It is difficult for the nonspecialist reader ( like me ) to assess the validity of his arguments , which are based on his contention that the language ( and its congeners ) were carried along by the spread of nomad pastoralism .
it is difficult for the nonspecialist reader ( like me ) to [evaluate] the validity of his arguments , which are based on his contention that the language ( and its congeners ) were carried along by the spread of nomad pastoralism .

Who might assess these diplomaed assessors ?
who might [evaluate] these diplomaed assessors ?

The same editors do not select ordinary readers to review novels , they pick other novelists or professional literary critics , in other words , reviewers who are competent to assess the work because they have a broad background in the literature and are recognized as knowledgeable about the genre .
the same editors do not select ordinary readers to review novels , they pick other novelists or professional literary critics , in other words , reviewers who are competent to [evaluate] the work because they have a broad background in the literature and are recognized as knowledgeable about the genre .

One of the most difficult areas to assess in a dictionary is the quality of its definitions .
one of the most difficult areas to [evaluate] in a dictionary is the quality of its definitions .

One can readily assess the relative status of establishments that refer to themselves as Eats , Diner , or Restaurant .
one can readily [evaluate] the relative status of establishments that refer to themselves as eats , diner , or restaurant .

